# Will Cannabis Cafes Save California's Legal Pot Industry?

**Show:** 790 KABC
**Date Published:** 2026-07-21
**Date Found:** 2026-07-21
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/will-cannabis-cafes-save-californias-legal-pot-industry?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 44 minutes

## Summary

This 44-minute episode of 790 KABC mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, 790 KABC

## Key Moment

> "I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you got to close the lid so you idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at Best Hot Grill. .com/randy. While the city council might only give you 60 seconds to air your grievances— oh, hi, I'd like to start off by— go to the first caller on the phone, well, if you're lucky. Now we're giving you a full 60 minutes. It's the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang, an hour-long recap of the day's top local stories on your drive home and Unlike the city council, we're the perfect vehicle to actually get your voice heard. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that is going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I find that are interesting, that you need to know about, and that are locally focused, stuff that affects you as a Californian. And I put it up every single day at randywangradio.substack.com. That's randywangradio.substack.com. Make sure you give me a follow on the socials at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Twitter. Check out our YouTube channel where there's clips of this show as well as the livestream for the John Phillips Show. Every day at noon. That's youtube.com/@randywangradio. And make sure to send me an email if you got any questions, any comments. I do read and try to respond to every single one at randywangradio@gmail.com. I am broadcasting this week from Toronto, Canada. How exciting is that? I've never been to Canada before. And so far, I've been here for 2 days. And I've had a heck of a lot of fun because the weather's not nearly as bad as I thought it was going to be. It wasn't even Cuban death yesterday. We went to go visit Toronto Island and it was gorgeous. But let's get into some not so good news, and that is everything that's been going on in the city that I left, Los Angeles. We had 5 water main breaks in one week. You'd hear that a city has 5 water main breaks in a year and you'd say that's unacceptable. But the city of LA and their deferred maintenance to do anything about the infrastructure that is aging by the day is really starting to show. And sure, you can say that this has been a problem for decades and decades and decades, but the people who are currently in charge have been in charge for quite some time and they don't seem to have any to use Nithya Raman's favorite word, urgency, in doing anything about this. So you had the West Hollywood break, which wasn't even a water main, it was bigger than that. It was a trunk line. And they're still working on repairing all the damage for that. The parking garages that got flooded, it's a complete disaster. And traffic in that area is going to be bad for a very long time. I, and for a long time, I think water was still spewing out Then you had two pop in Venice. You had another pop. It's just been all over the place. You had the one in Boyle Heights last week. And it just goes to show you that one of the things that does not get talked about enough here is that the city and the LADWP ignore all the basics of government. We have elected leaders that have all kinds of fancy ideas of how to run the government. Think of how many symbolic proposals that the city council passes that don't mean anything. But when it comes to the basics of running a city, making sure that the roads are paved, that the streets are safe, and that the pipes aren't to poppin', we don't seem to care about any of that. The pipe that burst in West Hollywood, and again, in case you weren't aware, West Hollywood isn't the city of Los Angeles, but they don't have their own municipal water system. Half of their water is Beverly Hills and the other half is LADWP. Guess which one broke? That's right. It was in West Hollywood. And the water main, the trunk line that blew up was 110 years old when it was installed back in the World War I days. That pipe was supposed to only last 50 to 70 years. And in fact, that kind of pipe we don't even make anymore. We have different kinds of technology. But one of the things that we have found out, thanks to some great investigative reporting from ABC7, is that while this pipe was on the LADWP's high priority list of pipes to replace, It was not scheduled to be replaced until 5 years from now, and they say that project would have taken 5 years. That's unacceptable. And I'm an LADWP ratepayer. I know how much money I'm spending every single day on my DWP bill. This is completely unacceptable. Where is all of our money going if it's not going towards this? If it's not going towards our infrastructure, is it going towards bloated salaries like the former head of the LADWP, Karen Bass's handpicked, Jennice Quiñones, that was making $750,000 a year before she ditched us to go to Puerto Rico? There needs to be a massive overhaul of the priorities of not just the LADWP, but the city of Los Angeles, because we cannot continue with this. We cannot continue with this thought process of, okay, we've got a whole bunch of old pipes. I know we're a big city. We're gonna try to replace 1% of our pipes a year, and we don't even get to that. This was on the high priority list and it was still going to take 5 years. Nobody in charge is taking this seriously. And if we really don't have the money for any of this, which I have a hard time believing because there's plenty of money for anything. Look at all the money that we waste in the city of Los Angeles. I'll give you one program specifically, homelessness. How many pipes can we replace for all of the people that we're currently paying $17,000 a month per bed to live in a motel? That could probably pay for a lot of pipes. And if the city is really that unmanageable, maybe we need to do what the old Houston did, move it 5 miles down the road. Now, of course, that's not the only disaster that is facing Los Angeles because the, uh, Boyle Heights warehouse disaster is still nowhere close to getting cleaned up. We are now 30 days out from when this whole thing started.. And the newest numbers say that we've cleared out 2% of the rotting food. 2%. That is it. And Karen Bass expects this to all be done by mid-August. Today is July 20th. This is not getting done by mid-August. When the head of the storage facility Lineage was at the town hall where Barbara Ferrer and Karen Bass got cursed out, the one that we covered extensively aggressively on last week's Accountability Podcast. We found out that while he said he was going to try to beat that number after being hammered and hammered and hammered again by the residents to give us a real answer, he said typically a cleanup of this magnitude would take 6 months. And considering that it took 2 weeks to get about 1 to 2%. Let's just say, let's be generous, in 2 weeks we got to 2%. So doesn't that mean, if you can just do basic math, that it would take 50 weeks to clean all of this up? Nearly a year. He said 6 months. Regardless, I do not think this is going to be done by mid-August. And one of the things that the residents talked about is why there isn't enough for as horrible of a situation that this is. There isn't more urgency from every level of government about doing something for this. Like, you know, we had the Army Corps of Engineers come in with all the toxic debris removal in the Palisades. Why don't we have that there now? Where are the state resources? Where are the county resources? Why are we relying on this company to do all of this cleanup when it is affecting our residents to the point where You have restaurants that are on the verge of going out of business. CBS LA did a, a really heartbreaking piece with a mother that owned a fish taco restaurant in Boyle Heights where, well, no one's coming around anymore. People literally ordered their fish tacos and left before finishing their meal because they could not handle the stench. And where's the relief for her? Where are our resources when we need them? Where's FEMA? What— why are we not activating every level of government? And why isn't the governor even here? You've had this area toured by Karen Bass. You've had it toured by the LA County Board of Supervisors. The Senator Alex Padilla came down here. I don't know if Adam Schiff has, but where is Governor Gavin Newsom? And where's the federal government? Why aren't we all taking this issue a heck of a lot more seriously? Meanwhile, the residents who have been dealing with all this They're pretty upset with the tepid response from the city because you remember how one of the big things after Karen Bass initially said, oh, it's totally safe. What are you talking about? The toxic air is not that bad. We started passing out air purifiers. That's going to solve it. Air purifiers, by the way, can handle maybe purifying the air in one room, but you need one for every room in your house. And even then, They're not really doing anything when you're talking about toxic fumes and rotting smells of this magnitude. So it has been a tepid, pathetic response, just like with Barbara Ferrer and the LA County Department of Public Health putting out health clinics to help out the people. And what do they get? They get Tylenol for having their lungs filled with fluid. They're being prescribed Tylenol. This is a completely pathetic response. Now, this next story is a big warning for anybody out there that has aging parents. We've told you about all kinds of different elder scams that are going on, whether it's somebody that gets a call saying that, you know, someone got— someone hacked their account on their computer and it's being used for child porn. And we need you to take some Bitcoin and put it into an ATM at a 7-Eleven. We've covered all kinds of those things, but there are so many different ways that the elderly get scammed, and especially people that are suffering from dementia. This is a bizarre story. And while the person who's being fingered here claims that he didn't do anything wrong, it certainly looks as suspicious as possible. I am talking about a member of the Torrance City Council that is being accused of convincing his neighbor, an elderly man, to sign over everything to him. His home, his savings, all of his— everything got signed over to this neighbor, effectively cutting out the daughter from any access to this man's estate. Which seems a little strange. Uh, do you just randomly knock on your neighbor's door and say, hey, can I be your power of attorney? And while the councilman is alleging that the neighbor really wanted to make sure the daughter got none of his money when he passed on, it's definitely more feasible that what happened here is this man was preyed upon. By somebody who then started writing $5,000 checks to himself from this guy's account and figured out every legal means possible to make this guy in charge of this man's life. Now, two stories could be true at the exact same time. Apparently there was a dispute over where this man wanted to live, and I gotta imagine anybody getting up there in age that is about to be asked to give up their autonomy, it's a very very difficult conversation. I understand that, but this doesn't smell right at all. But it just is. Everyone at some point is going to have to have these conversations with their parents, and it's better to do it all when everyone is happy and healthy than trying to do these things when someone is going through the throes of dementia, when they really cannot make these decisions for themselves. Because there are so many people out here, whether this is what that was or not, you all know there are so many situations where the elderly get taken advantage of and these fights get uglier and uglier and uglier. So at the very least, it's worth having a conversation about when it makes sense to be a signatory on a bank account to make sure you're notified of when anything like this happens.. And at some point, power of attorney, power of medical decisions, these are things that need to be discussed because unfortunately for this woman, it seems that all those conversations were discussed with this Torrent City Councilman, the neighbor, instead of her. I'm sure we'll see more about this story in the future, but it, that is a wild one. Let me tell you, I don't know what the real story is here.. But it sure doesn't seem legit at all that this 92-year-old man would sign his whole life over to his neighbor instead of, I don't know, his family member. But then again, sometimes these family disputes can get real ugly real fast. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job, and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, This is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. You didn't start a business just to keep the lights on. You're here to sell more today than yesterday. You're here to win. Lucky for you, Shopify built the best converting checkout on the planet. Like the just one tapping, ridiculously fast acting, sky high sales stacking champion of checkouts. That's the— good stuff right there. So if your business is in it to win it, win with Shopify. Start your free trial today at shopify.com/win. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. We've got a couple of crazy updates from the city of Oakland. In the city of Oakland, once again, people are raising concerns about streets that are covered in homeless encampments and illegally dumped garbage that are preventing them from being able to walk their kids safely to school. A lot of concerns about this as the school year starts up again in just a couple of weeks. And while I understand it is difficult to remove the encampments The illegal dumping thing drives me crazy because at this point we should have, with the flock camera system, the drone programs that we're talking about, we should have plenty of evidence to know who is doing all of this dumping. And anecdotally, what we have seen a lot of this, because sure, some of this garbage is created from the encampments, some of it may be, uh, people that don't want to pay the insane trash fees that the city of Oakland charges, which is a very true thing. City of Oakland charges more for trash removal from like apartments and commercial buildings than almost anywhere else because of some very, very, very corrupt dealings with the Dong family and California Waste Solutions. So that's a problem. But another huge aspect of this, and we've seen this in Oakland, we have also seen this near where I live in the San Fernando Valley, where in the Sepúlveda Basin, a lot of the illegally dumped garbage that becomes a big concern when fires are started comes from contractors. And I don't know if this is legitimate contractors, illegitimate contractors, but we see so many situations where contractors who have a whole bunch of debris, debris to remove from a project don't want to take it where it's supposed to be disposed of, whether they don't want to pay for the fees or they want to pocket those fees. You have licensed contractors, and I would assume also unlicensed contractors that are dumping all this stuff. So what exactly are we doing about that? What are we doing about what we know where this stuff is coming from? How are we not using our license boards to crack down? I mean, it should be pretty obvious that if you're doing a job and you have a bunch of junk, where we should know exactly where it goes. Maybe you need to, in order to keep your license as a contractor, you gotta have receipts of every piece of garbage and where it went, because this problem is happening way too often. And we've gotta increase the fines. We've also just gotta increase the level of enforcement because you can have all the fines you want. If nobody's actually getting fined for this or caught for this, it means nothing.. But the city of Oakland deserves a hell of a lot better. All right, here's a strange one. The former Oakland administrator is a guy by the name of Justin Johnson, and this was the guy hired by Sheng Tao. And the way the Oakland charter is written, the administrator's kind of in charge of everything. It's a very, very strange system. Well, he was in charge of pretty much everything. Like if you had illegally dumped garbage, and you're a council person, you cannot call the city sanitation department. You have to call Justin Johnson and then he'll call the sanitation department. Well, this guy had to resign after a whole bunch of weird text messages came out that he was making very flirty comments. Nothing outright outrageous, but like, uh, he could only look at one of his coworkers in the eyes because of her caboose, stuff like that. Well, he was let go, and now the city wants to give him $400,000 if he promises not to sue. Just another case of Oakland being Oakland. We've got a lot more coming up in today's News Blitz, so keep it right here. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know going on in Southern California, the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. Check out today's list. I've got like 20 stories up there at randywangradio.substack.com. And make sure you subscribe to the Accountability Podcast, my new podcast we do every single week with John Phillips, at youtube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. The final Oakland story that's an interesting one is Oakland needs to change how they're doing wildfire property inspections because the wildfire inspectors that are supposed to make sure that people don't have a whole bunch of brush on their property in places like the Oakland Hills that famously burned in the '90s, apparently they're getting attacked. One guy got a— one fire inspector got attacked by a whole bunch of dogs on somebody's property. So they're going to have to change a whole bunch of protocols to make sure everything is safe because we want these inspectors to be safe because we need them because the whole state of California needs to be a lot more aware of how much brush is everywhere, including the stuff managed by the state, including the stuff managed by the federal government. But here's what I would say regardless of what's going on with these fire inspectors is when it comes to the topic of brush clearance, which is something that I found really interesting last week in that story where we want to increase the minimum wage for goat herders, putting them out of business so no one can hire goat herders to clear brush, which is like the best way to do this. Well, we all need to be on the same team and we all need to be clearing the brush regardless of who we think is responsible for it. You look at what happened in the Palisades. And you look at how some of it was homeowners, some of it was city property, some of it was county property, some of it was state parks property. Okay, just clean it. This was something that Spencer Pratt said. I'm just gonna clean it and then send them a bill. And for all the yammering that the state does about how 70% of the forestry in the state of California is managed by the federal government and they're the ones that should be clearing the brush. No, I don't care. The whole state suffers if that stuff burns. So even though it's the federal government's responsibility, what a great way to make California look good. Have California clean it up. We got a budget of $350 billion. We could hire so many goats. Let's clean all of it up. Send the federal government a bill and say, hey, you're not cleaning this up, or make some kind of deal. Hey, we owe the feds all that money for the unemployment insurance during the COVID times. What if we, we clean up all this and then you write off that? But let's, let's stop doing the jurisdictional, it's not my job nonsense that we do in government because we're all playing on the same team. The city and county of San Francisco is about to explore something that is being talked about up and down the state of California, and it is all part of new legislation that was passed last year that counties can opt into writing their own legislation to allow Amsterdam-style cannabis cafes in their cities, in their counties. This, of course, in an effort to increase cannabis tourism and help out the very, very, very struggling cannabis industry. And I'm conflicted on this for a few reasons. One, I do think that our regulations are insane and way too onerous and the taxes are too high. And we haven't done nearly enough to crack down on the illegal market when it comes to cannabis. I mean, things got so crazy that in the city of Los Angeles in the June primary, we passed a bill to change city code that said that we could send tax bills to illegally operating pot stores because apparently we cannot shut them down. Just complete insanity. So I want to make life easier for the legal cannabis market. We obviously have legalized it.. But when it comes to the idea of the cannabis cafes, as somebody— now, mind you, I haven't been a pot smoker in nearly a decade. It's not my thing anymore. It's not my vibe. But I really don't understand the appeal of this. Now, the idea is right now, you know, you can buy the stuff, but you have to consume it at home. This would allow you to consume it in a public place where, you know, a space where you could also buy food and you could buy beverages. And okay, there's something to that. Maybe you want to have a little snacky snackies with your smoky smokies. But the social element of it, and maybe it's just me, but while I do understand the social lubricant that alcohol is, we've all experienced it. Although I gotta say, you know, I spent pretty much the last 6 weeks not drinking, made up for it this weekend while I'm on vacation in Toronto. But for the most part, I, you know, didn't drink for the first 6 weeks of the summer because I was by myself. And I still found myself to be social. I can still get around, but I can definitely see how a drink or two definitely helps out the conversation, whether it's with friends, with strangers, with your loved ones, what have you. You know, when I was a pot smoker way back when, and, you know, I had some I had some friends that would offer all kinds of good stuff because I helped produce a pot podcast back in the early days of podcasting. My studio apartment in Valley Village smelled like so much pot smoke, and every once in a while my landlady Angela would knock on the door. Randy, it smells in there. And she wasn't talking about anything except for the fact that I just had a lot of pot smoke in there. But I never felt— and again, maybe this was just me— I never found pot to be something that made me want to be social. In fact, I have been to a few events like this. You know, even though the cannabis cafe thing in the recreational market is just new, there were loopholes in the laws where you could do this thing in the medical world before we had recreational pot. And I was invited to a few of these things. And I, and you know, and I had friends that put on these big, big pot parties. I have a friend that hosts a bunch of these out of Macedonia. Shout out. I just never got it because whenever I would smoke, all I wanted to do was be home sitting on my couch, probably playing Peggle or sitting and watching repeats of The Office or It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Or eating way too much food. Like, I was never— it never made me a more social person. So that's why I really don't understand the appeal of this. But again, maybe that's just me. I know this stuff affects everybody in every different way, but pot always made me more introverted than I already was. It did not make— I used to think, oh, it'll help make me social, but it just never did. It would make me quieter I think it made me a lot less interesting. It definitely made me a lot less bright because I am way— even though I've always been smart, I just pay a lot more attention and I have a much clearer mindset, you know. And again, if this is what you do, it's what you need to relax, you do you, whatever works for you. I know that my life is significantly better because I don't do this stuff anymore. But if that's your way to relax and it does help you, you know, be more social with friends, great. It just never was for me. And, you know, I was in Amsterdam over Christmas. It was really, really, really cold. And I walked past the coffee shops, which, by the way, if you're in Amsterdam and you're actually looking for coffee, it can be a little confusing because, yeah, all the pot cafes, all the cannabis cafes in Amsterdam, they're called coffee shops, but you do not get coffee there. It's where you go to smoke your hashish. I just never got it. It's also funny that, like, you know, whilst people here are like, wow, look at what they're doing over there in Amsterdam, nobody cares in Amsterdam. Like, it's a thing, but nobody pays that much attention to it. I mean, there's a lot more interest in the beer scene in Amsterdam than that, but it's there. People can do it, just like the red light district. It's there, people can do it. It's just not that exciting. So I'm not opposed to this.. But for one, I just don't see how, you know, this is the same thing as a bar because at least for me, pot always made me a lot more introverted and a lot less social. I will also say this, and it is fair warning. So I went to a place like this. It was in the back of a pot store in 2014. My friend was doing a live podcast and there were a whole bunch of people there doing nail hits. I don't even want to explain to you what that is cuz 'cause it's so ridiculous, and eating snacks and having a good old time. So I participated, and everyone passed around the giant bong and did the big nail hit. And I, as usual, started turning pink from coughing so loudly. They called me the Valley Village cough. Oh boy. Oh, I, I, I don't even wanna talk about how awful my cough was. I'm so glad I don't do this stuff anymore. But here's one of the side effects of being in a big social environment, sharing pipes and bongs, what have you, with friends or even total strangers. The weekend after I went to that event, I was supposed to go with my now wife but then girlfriend. We had only just been dating for 6 or 7 months, and we were gonna go to Big Bear and explore. I think we did like a little ride around a boat on Lake Arrowhead, and we just looked at a picture of it from the other day because we're both like much lighter in weight than we used to be, and it's kind of fascinating. I started to get really, really, really sick on this trip. I felt awful. I don't know what was going on. I felt terrible. And we come home I go to the doctor. I'm like, I don't know what's wrong with me. I've just— I've got this. I just feel terrible. I feel gross. What has happened to me? And the doctor looks at me and says, well, I don't usually say this to adults, but you have mononucleosis. You know, the kissing disease you usually get in high school. And I'm like, wait a second, how did I get mono? Because I'm in a committed relationship and I certainly didn't get it from my girlfriend. No, no, no, no, no. You know, it's another way that you can get mononucleosis, passing around bongs. So I had to then explain to my girlfriend, who luckily gave me a lot of chances in life, to become the person that I am today, explained to her that I got mono from a pot party and I'm not gonna be able to do any kissy kissy for the next couple of weeks. That is a true story and it is embarrassing as hell. But if you think that, uh, Pot Cafe sounds like a lot of fun for you, enjoy yourself. You do you. I'm not going to be doing it. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade This is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building, you're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail, filters ready to clog, HVAC on its last leg. If you wait until something breaks, you're all already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done. Jim Rome Takes on Sports. Part of what makes this show, this show, is the show within the show. The biggest topic on the show always seems to be the show itself. This is a way to give you clones a way to interact with one another. Other. Yes, we will be going through the chat. Yes, it'll be a part of the program. The only thing that could ruin the show are the old school clones spitting up the same bullcrap that they always have. The jungle is out taking names and ready to dominate. Let's get it. The Jim Rome Show podcast, follow and listen on your favorite platform. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790. K-A-B-C. It's time for another segment of These Damn Kids. I know I'm almost 41 and I start to sound older and older every single time I do one of these segments, but, and I know every generation had some kind of rowdiness with the kids in their generation, but the e-biking teens are, they've already gotten out of control., but it is getting so out of hand. CBS Sacramento did a great piece where they actually talked to some of these kids in Stanislaus County. You know what they call themselves? The Bumper Boys. Why do they call themselves the Bumper Boys? Because they film themselves trying to purposely crash into people, whether it be cars, whether it be pedestrians. Why are they doing that? Because they literally say it. It's because of the clicks and the likes of social media. And this could be the financial incentive that you get from having a popular social media account where, yeah, any teenager can all of a sudden become a business and we monetize accounts that do all kinds of things that really shouldn't be monetized. But you also have just the dopamine drip of, and it's something that is incredibly addictive. I know as a content creator myself, I check how many people look at our YouTube channel way too often. Now imagine that with the non-fully developed brain of an e-biking teen who may have some brain damage from crashing that e-bike all over the place. And you have this dopamine trip where they're constantly being reinforced that the crazy stupid stunts that they're doing people like, people enjoy. So this is one of these things where we need to have a three-prong crackdown. One, there needs to be much more regulation on the safety features of these bicycles when it comes to the state laws about who is riding them, because you can call them e-bikes all you want. These are motorcycles. These are motorcycles in every possible definition except the way that it's written in state law. So even though currently in state law we can only ban kids from under 12 of riding these things, which is funny because one of the kids in these videos of the Bumper Boys was 11, it really should be like a motorcycle where you need to be 16 and you need to have a license and go through training. I don't see why that's so hard to go after the parents because they're the ones buying these things for their no-good kids. And if the teen— if the teens are causing havoc, causing damage, Send the kids a bill or do what we're doing in Orange County. If the kids are committing crimes on these bicycles, you charge the parents because that is negligence right there. But my idea has always been on the third prong is why is it so difficult to rein in the social media platforms who are not only monetizing the content, but they're also profiting from it as well. Whether it's the money that they make from advertising, the cut that they get from certain kinds of monetization, like on TikTok with the little stickers and all the weird ways that people make money on those platforms that you don't even know about. Why is it so hard for us to have that conversation with TikTok, with Instagram, with Snapchat, going after them and saying, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, You are profiting off of illegal activity. I don't understand why that is so difficult to have that conversation. And don't tell me that it's just so difficult to police because it's 2026. We've got artificial intelligence. They have algorithms that know everything about you and know what exactly you want to watch before you know what you wanna watch. You're telling me there's no way for these platforms to police themselves to make sure that these kids, if they're doing things that are against the law, like, I don't know, intentionally crashing into people, that they cannot profit from it. That would be my idea. And finally, it's the never-ending daylight debate. It is a story that never, ever, ever, never goes away. Daylight Savings Time, which by the way, I just found out today. Did you know the reason we have Daylight Savings Time is because of going back to World War I in order to save things like fuels and energy? I thought it went back further than that, and I thought it had to do with the farmers, but apparently it was for that. And then we made some changes in World War II. We, we have talked about for so long getting rid of the system. And then there's the nonstop fight that we always have to hear between the people that want to make sure it's Standard Time, want to make sure it's Daylight Savings Time. I am firmly now in the camp of I don't care, just pick one, because I've adjusted to both. And when I was younger, I probably preferred more of Daylight Savings Time because I like it when it's out later at night. Now I'm a person who gets up early every day. I kind of like it when it is lighter out in the morning when I drive to Pilates, that it is not dark out, that I can walk my dogs because it's lighter out earlier. But I don't care, just pick one. But what's so crazy is we always hear talk about this. It's like, wait, didn't we already do something about that? And in fact, in California in 2018, We voted to end— I think we voted to keep daylight savings time permanent. Never happened because it required a conversation with the federal government. Well, now the federal government's in the middle of doing this. Are we actually going to see some changes here? Probably not, because it still has to go through the Senate. But even then, trying to get everyone to agree— is it daylight savings time? Is it not? Are we doing standard time? It's just, can we just stop with the switching every 6 months? Because even though it's anecdotal, you do see those stories where the time change does screw with people and all of a sudden people are late to work. It makes the roads more dangerous. I just— the switching back and forth, it's so silly. It's so foolish. Arizona is not doing this, and Arizona seems to be just fine. Well, that's what we've got for you in today's news blitz. So thank you all so much for being a part of the show. You can check out all the videos that I have of this show and the John Phillips Show at youtube.com/@randywangradio. And we'll see you tomorrow for another News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid. So you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you got to close the lid so you idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at Best Hot Grill. .com/randy. While the city council might only give you 60 seconds to air your grievances— oh, hi, I'd like to start off by— go to the first caller on the phone, well, if you're lucky. Now we're giving you a full 60 minutes. It's the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang, an hour-long recap of the day's top local stories on your drive home and Unlike the city council, we're the perfect vehicle to actually get your voice heard. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that is going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I find that are interesting, that you need to know about, and that are locally focused, stuff that affects you as a Californian. And I put it up every single day at randywangradio.substack.com. That's randywangradio.substack.com. Make sure you give me a follow on the socials at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Twitter. Check out our YouTube channel where there's clips of this show as well as the livestream for the John Phillips Show. Every day at noon. That's youtube.com/@randywangradio. And make sure to send me an email if you got any questions, any comments. I do read and try to respond to every single one at randywangradio@gmail.com. I am broadcasting this week from Toronto, Canada. How exciting is that? I've never been to Canada before. And so far, I've been here for 2 days. And I've had a heck of a lot of fun because the weather's not nearly as bad as I thought it was going to be. It wasn't even Cuban death yesterday. We went to go visit Toronto Island and it was gorgeous. But let's get into some not so good news, and that is everything that's been going on in the city that I left, Los Angeles. We had 5 water main breaks in one week. You'd hear that a city has 5 water main breaks in a year and you'd say that's unacceptable. But the city of LA and their deferred maintenance to do anything about the infrastructure that is aging by the day is really starting to show. And sure, you can say that this has been a problem for decades and decades and decades, but the people who are currently in charge have been in charge for quite some time and they don't seem to have any to use Nithya Raman's favorite word, urgency, in doing anything about this. So you had the West Hollywood break, which wasn't even a water main, it was bigger than that. It was a trunk line. And they're still working on repairing all the damage for that. The parking garages that got flooded, it's a complete disaster. And traffic in that area is going to be bad for a very long time. I, and for a long time, I think water was still spewing out Then you had two pop in Venice. You had another pop. It's just been all over the place. You had the one in Boyle Heights last week. And it just goes to show you that one of the things that does not get talked about enough here is that the city and the LADWP ignore all the basics of government. We have elected leaders that have all kinds of fancy ideas of how to run the government. Think of how many symbolic proposals that the city council passes that don't mean anything. But when it comes to the basics of running a city, making sure that the roads are paved, that the streets are safe, and that the pipes aren't to poppin', we don't seem to care about any of that. The pipe that burst in West Hollywood, and again, in case you weren't aware, West Hollywood isn't the city of Los Angeles, but they don't have their own municipal water system. Half of their water is Beverly Hills and the other half is LADWP. Guess which one broke? That's right. It was in West Hollywood. And the water main, the trunk line that blew up was 110 years old when it was installed back in the World War I days. That pipe was supposed to only last 50 to 70 years. And in fact, that kind of pipe we don't even make anymore. We have different kinds of technology. But one of the things that we have found out, thanks to some great investigative reporting from ABC7, is that while this pipe was on the LADWP's high priority list of pipes to replace, It was not scheduled to be replaced until 5 years from now, and they say that project would have taken 5 years. That's unacceptable. And I'm an LADWP ratepayer. I know how much money I'm spending every single day on my DWP bill. This is completely unacceptable. Where is all of our money going if it's not going towards this? If it's not going towards our infrastructure, is it going towards bloated salaries like the former head of the LADWP, Karen Bass's handpicked, Jennice Quiñones, that was making $750,000 a year before she ditched us to go to Puerto Rico? There needs to be a massive overhaul of the priorities of not just the LADWP, but the city of Los Angeles, because we cannot continue with this. We cannot continue with this thought process of, okay, we've got a whole bunch of old pipes. I know we're a big city. We're gonna try to replace 1% of our pipes a year, and we don't even get to that. This was on the high priority list and it was still going to take 5 years. Nobody in charge is taking this seriously. And if we really don't have the money for any of this, which I have a hard time believing because there's plenty of money for anything. Look at all the money that we waste in the city of Los Angeles. I'll give you one program specifically, homelessness. How many pipes can we replace for all of the people that we're currently paying $17,000 a month per bed to live in a motel? That could probably pay for a lot of pipes. And if the city is really that unmanageable, maybe we need to do what the old Houston did, move it 5 miles down the road. Now, of course, that's not the only disaster that is facing Los Angeles because the, uh, Boyle Heights warehouse disaster is still nowhere close to getting cleaned up. We are now 30 days out from when this whole thing started.. And the newest numbers say that we've cleared out 2% of the rotting food. 2%. That is it. And Karen Bass expects this to all be done by mid-August. Today is July 20th. This is not getting done by mid-August. When the head of the storage facility Lineage was at the town hall where Barbara Ferrer and Karen Bass got cursed out, the one that we covered extensively aggressively on last week's Accountability Podcast. We found out that while he said he was going to try to beat that number after being hammered and hammered and hammered again by the residents to give us a real answer, he said typically a cleanup of this magnitude would take 6 months. And considering that it took 2 weeks to get about 1 to 2%. Let's just say, let's be generous, in 2 weeks we got to 2%. So doesn't that mean, if you can just do basic math, that it would take 50 weeks to clean all of this up? Nearly a year. He said 6 months. Regardless, I do not think this is going to be done by mid-August. And one of the things that the residents talked about is why there isn't enough for as horrible of a situation that this is. There isn't more urgency from every level of government about doing something for this. Like, you know, we had the Army Corps of Engineers come in with all the toxic debris removal in the Palisades. Why don't we have that there now? Where are the state resources? Where are the county resources? Why are we relying on this company to do all of this cleanup when it is affecting our residents to the point where You have restaurants that are on the verge of going out of business. CBS LA did a, a really heartbreaking piece with a mother that owned a fish taco restaurant in Boyle Heights where, well, no one's coming around anymore. People literally ordered their fish tacos and left before finishing their meal because they could not handle the stench. And where's the relief for her? Where are our resources when we need them? Where's FEMA? What— why are we not activating every level of government? And why isn't the governor even here? You've had this area toured by Karen Bass. You've had it toured by the LA County Board of Supervisors. The Senator Alex Padilla came down here. I don't know if Adam Schiff has, but where is Governor Gavin Newsom? And where's the federal government? Why aren't we all taking this issue a heck of a lot more seriously? Meanwhile, the residents who have been dealing with all this They're pretty upset with the tepid response from the city because you remember how one of the big things after Karen Bass initially said, oh, it's totally safe. What are you talking about? The toxic air is not that bad. We started passing out air purifiers. That's going to solve it. Air purifiers, by the way, can handle maybe purifying the air in one room, but you need one for every room in your house. And even then, They're not really doing anything when you're talking about toxic fumes and rotting smells of this magnitude. So it has been a tepid, pathetic response, just like with Barbara Ferrer and the LA County Department of Public Health putting out health clinics to help out the people. And what do they get? They get Tylenol for having their lungs filled with fluid. They're being prescribed Tylenol. This is a completely pathetic response. Now, this next story is a big warning for anybody out there that has aging parents. We've told you about all kinds of different elder scams that are going on, whether it's somebody that gets a call saying that, you know, someone got— someone hacked their account on their computer and it's being used for child porn. And we need you to take some Bitcoin and put it into an ATM at a 7-Eleven. We've covered all kinds of those things, but there are so many different ways that the elderly get scammed, and especially people that are suffering from dementia. This is a bizarre story. And while the person who's being fingered here claims that he didn't do anything wrong, it certainly looks as suspicious as possible. I am talking about a member of the Torrance City Council that is being accused of convincing his neighbor, an elderly man, to sign over everything to him. His home, his savings, all of his— everything got signed over to this neighbor, effectively cutting out the daughter from any access to this man's estate. Which seems a little strange. Uh, do you just randomly knock on your neighbor's door and say, hey, can I be your power of attorney? And while the councilman is alleging that the neighbor really wanted to make sure the daughter got none of his money when he passed on, it's definitely more feasible that what happened here is this man was preyed upon. By somebody who then started writing $5,000 checks to himself from this guy's account and figured out every legal means possible to make this guy in charge of this man's life. Now, two stories could be true at the exact same time. Apparently there was a dispute over where this man wanted to live, and I gotta imagine anybody getting up there in age that is about to be asked to give up their autonomy, it's a very very difficult conversation. I understand that, but this doesn't smell right at all. But it just is. Everyone at some point is going to have to have these conversations with their parents, and it's better to do it all when everyone is happy and healthy than trying to do these things when someone is going through the throes of dementia, when they really cannot make these decisions for themselves. Because there are so many people out here, whether this is what that was or not, you all know there are so many situations where the elderly get taken advantage of and these fights get uglier and uglier and uglier. So at the very least, it's worth having a conversation about when it makes sense to be a signatory on a bank account to make sure you're notified of when anything like this happens.. And at some point, power of attorney, power of medical decisions, these are things that need to be discussed because unfortunately for this woman, it seems that all those conversations were discussed with this Torrent City Councilman, the neighbor, instead of her. I'm sure we'll see more about this story in the future, but it, that is a wild one. Let me tell you, I don't know what the real story is here.. But it sure doesn't seem legit at all that this 92-year-old man would sign his whole life over to his neighbor instead of, I don't know, his family member. But then again, sometimes these family disputes can get real ugly real fast. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job, and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, This is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. You didn't start a business just to keep the lights on. You're here to sell more today than yesterday. You're here to win. Lucky for you, Shopify built the best converting checkout on the planet. Like the just one tapping, ridiculously fast acting, sky high sales stacking champion of checkouts. That's the— good stuff right there. So if your business is in it to win it, win with Shopify. Start your free trial today at shopify.com/win. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. We've got a couple of crazy updates from the city of Oakland. In the city of Oakland, once again, people are raising concerns about streets that are covered in homeless encampments and illegally dumped garbage that are preventing them from being able to walk their kids safely to school. A lot of concerns about this as the school year starts up again in just a couple of weeks. And while I understand it is difficult to remove the encampments The illegal dumping thing drives me crazy because at this point we should have, with the flock camera system, the drone programs that we're talking about, we should have plenty of evidence to know who is doing all of this dumping. And anecdotally, what we have seen a lot of this, because sure, some of this garbage is created from the encampments, some of it may be, uh, people that don't want to pay the insane trash fees that the city of Oakland charges, which is a very true thing. City of Oakland charges more for trash removal from like apartments and commercial buildings than almost anywhere else because of some very, very, very corrupt dealings with the Dong family and California Waste Solutions. So that's a problem. But another huge aspect of this, and we've seen this in Oakland, we have also seen this near where I live in the San Fernando Valley, where in the Sepúlveda Basin, a lot of the illegally dumped garbage that becomes a big concern when fires are started comes from contractors. And I don't know if this is legitimate contractors, illegitimate contractors, but we see so many situations where contractors who have a whole bunch of debris, debris to remove from a project don't want to take it where it's supposed to be disposed of, whether they don't want to pay for the fees or they want to pocket those fees. You have licensed contractors, and I would assume also unlicensed contractors that are dumping all this stuff. So what exactly are we doing about that? What are we doing about what we know where this stuff is coming from? How are we not using our license boards to crack down? I mean, it should be pretty obvious that if you're doing a job and you have a bunch of junk, where we should know exactly where it goes. Maybe you need to, in order to keep your license as a contractor, you gotta have receipts of every piece of garbage and where it went, because this problem is happening way too often. And we've gotta increase the fines. We've also just gotta increase the level of enforcement because you can have all the fines you want. If nobody's actually getting fined for this or caught for this, it means nothing.. But the city of Oakland deserves a hell of a lot better. All right, here's a strange one. The former Oakland administrator is a guy by the name of Justin Johnson, and this was the guy hired by Sheng Tao. And the way the Oakland charter is written, the administrator's kind of in charge of everything. It's a very, very strange system. Well, he was in charge of pretty much everything. Like if you had illegally dumped garbage, and you're a council person, you cannot call the city sanitation department. You have to call Justin Johnson and then he'll call the sanitation department. Well, this guy had to resign after a whole bunch of weird text messages came out that he was making very flirty comments. Nothing outright outrageous, but like, uh, he could only look at one of his coworkers in the eyes because of her caboose, stuff like that. Well, he was let go, and now the city wants to give him $400,000 if he promises not to sue. Just another case of Oakland being Oakland. We've got a lot more coming up in today's News Blitz, so keep it right here. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know going on in Southern California, the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. Check out today's list. I've got like 20 stories up there at randywangradio.substack.com. And make sure you subscribe to the Accountability Podcast, my new podcast we do every single week with John Phillips, at youtube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. The final Oakland story that's an interesting one is Oakland needs to change how they're doing wildfire property inspections because the wildfire inspectors that are supposed to make sure that people don't have a whole bunch of brush on their property in places like the Oakland Hills that famously burned in the '90s, apparently they're getting attacked. One guy got a— one fire inspector got attacked by a whole bunch of dogs on somebody's property. So they're going to have to change a whole bunch of protocols to make sure everything is safe because we want these inspectors to be safe because we need them because the whole state of California needs to be a lot more aware of how much brush is everywhere, including the stuff managed by the state, including the stuff managed by the federal government. But here's what I would say regardless of what's going on with these fire inspectors is when it comes to the topic of brush clearance, which is something that I found really interesting last week in that story where we want to increase the minimum wage for goat herders, putting them out of business so no one can hire goat herders to clear brush, which is like the best way to do this. Well, we all need to be on the same team and we all need to be clearing the brush regardless of who we think is responsible for it. You look at what happened in the Palisades. And you look at how some of it was homeowners, some of it was city property, some of it was county property, some of it was state parks property. Okay, just clean it. This was something that Spencer Pratt said. I'm just gonna clean it and then send them a bill. And for all the yammering that the state does about how 70% of the forestry in the state of California is managed by the federal government and they're the ones that should be clearing the brush. No, I don't care. The whole state suffers if that stuff burns. So even though it's the federal government's responsibility, what a great way to make California look good. Have California clean it up. We got a budget of $350 billion. We could hire so many goats. Let's clean all of it up. Send the federal government a bill and say, hey, you're not cleaning this up, or make some kind of deal. Hey, we owe the feds all that money for the unemployment insurance during the COVID times. What if we, we clean up all this and then you write off that? But let's, let's stop doing the jurisdictional, it's not my job nonsense that we do in government because we're all playing on the same team. The city and county of San Francisco is about to explore something that is being talked about up and down the state of California, and it is all part of new legislation that was passed last year that counties can opt into writing their own legislation to allow Amsterdam-style cannabis cafes in their cities, in their counties. This, of course, in an effort to increase cannabis tourism and help out the very, very, very struggling cannabis industry. And I'm conflicted on this for a few reasons. One, I do think that our regulations are insane and way too onerous and the taxes are too high. And we haven't done nearly enough to crack down on the illegal market when it comes to cannabis. I mean, things got so crazy that in the city of Los Angeles in the June primary, we passed a bill to change city code that said that we could send tax bills to illegally operating pot stores because apparently we cannot shut them down. Just complete insanity. So I want to make life easier for the legal cannabis market. We obviously have legalized it.. But when it comes to the idea of the cannabis cafes, as somebody— now, mind you, I haven't been a pot smoker in nearly a decade. It's not my thing anymore. It's not my vibe. But I really don't understand the appeal of this. Now, the idea is right now, you know, you can buy the stuff, but you have to consume it at home. This would allow you to consume it in a public place where, you know, a space where you could also buy food and you could buy beverages. And okay, there's something to that. Maybe you want to have a little snacky snackies with your smoky smokies. But the social element of it, and maybe it's just me, but while I do understand the social lubricant that alcohol is, we've all experienced it. Although I gotta say, you know, I spent pretty much the last 6 weeks not drinking, made up for it this weekend while I'm on vacation in Toronto. But for the most part, I, you know, didn't drink for the first 6 weeks of the summer because I was by myself. And I still found myself to be social. I can still get around, but I can definitely see how a drink or two definitely helps out the conversation, whether it's with friends, with strangers, with your loved ones, what have you. You know, when I was a pot smoker way back when, and, you know, I had some I had some friends that would offer all kinds of good stuff because I helped produce a pot podcast back in the early days of podcasting. My studio apartment in Valley Village smelled like so much pot smoke, and every once in a while my landlady Angela would knock on the door. Randy, it smells in there. And she wasn't talking about anything except for the fact that I just had a lot of pot smoke in there. But I never felt— and again, maybe this was just me— I never found pot to be something that made me want to be social. In fact, I have been to a few events like this. You know, even though the cannabis cafe thing in the recreational market is just new, there were loopholes in the laws where you could do this thing in the medical world before we had recreational pot. And I was invited to a few of these things. And I, and you know, and I had friends that put on these big, big pot parties. I have a friend that hosts a bunch of these out of Macedonia. Shout out. I just never got it because whenever I would smoke, all I wanted to do was be home sitting on my couch, probably playing Peggle or sitting and watching repeats of The Office or It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Or eating way too much food. Like, I was never— it never made me a more social person. So that's why I really don't understand the appeal of this. But again, maybe that's just me. I know this stuff affects everybody in every different way, but pot always made me more introverted than I already was. It did not make— I used to think, oh, it'll help make me social, but it just never did. It would make me quieter I think it made me a lot less interesting. It definitely made me a lot less bright because I am way— even though I've always been smart, I just pay a lot more attention and I have a much clearer mindset, you know. And again, if this is what you do, it's what you need to relax, you do you, whatever works for you. I know that my life is significantly better because I don't do this stuff anymore. But if that's your way to relax and it does help you, you know, be more social with friends, great. It just never was for me. And, you know, I was in Amsterdam over Christmas. It was really, really, really cold. And I walked past the coffee shops, which, by the way, if you're in Amsterdam and you're actually looking for coffee, it can be a little confusing because, yeah, all the pot cafes, all the cannabis cafes in Amsterdam, they're called coffee shops, but you do not get coffee there. It's where you go to smoke your hashish. I just never got it. It's also funny that, like, you know, whilst people here are like, wow, look at what they're doing over there in Amsterdam, nobody cares in Amsterdam. Like, it's a thing, but nobody pays that much attention to it. I mean, there's a lot more interest in the beer scene in Amsterdam than that, but it's there. People can do it, just like the red light district. It's there, people can do it. It's just not that exciting. So I'm not opposed to this.. But for one, I just don't see how, you know, this is the same thing as a bar because at least for me, pot always made me a lot more introverted and a lot less social. I will also say this, and it is fair warning. So I went to a place like this. It was in the back of a pot store in 2014. My friend was doing a live podcast and there were a whole bunch of people there doing nail hits. I don't even want to explain to you what that is cuz 'cause it's so ridiculous, and eating snacks and having a good old time. So I participated, and everyone passed around the giant bong and did the big nail hit. And I, as usual, started turning pink from coughing so loudly. They called me the Valley Village cough. Oh boy. Oh, I, I, I don't even wanna talk about how awful my cough was. I'm so glad I don't do this stuff anymore. But here's one of the side effects of being in a big social environment, sharing pipes and bongs, what have you, with friends or even total strangers. The weekend after I went to that event, I was supposed to go with my now wife but then girlfriend. We had only just been dating for 6 or 7 months, and we were gonna go to Big Bear and explore. I think we did like a little ride around a boat on Lake Arrowhead, and we just looked at a picture of it from the other day because we're both like much lighter in weight than we used to be, and it's kind of fascinating. I started to get really, really, really sick on this trip. I felt awful. I don't know what was going on. I felt terrible. And we come home I go to the doctor. I'm like, I don't know what's wrong with me. I've just— I've got this. I just feel terrible. I feel gross. What has happened to me? And the doctor looks at me and says, well, I don't usually say this to adults, but you have mononucleosis. You know, the kissing disease you usually get in high school. And I'm like, wait a second, how did I get mono? Because I'm in a committed relationship and I certainly didn't get it from my girlfriend. No, no, no, no, no. You know, it's another way that you can get mononucleosis, passing around bongs. So I had to then explain to my girlfriend, who luckily gave me a lot of chances in life, to become the person that I am today, explained to her that I got mono from a pot party and I'm not gonna be able to do any kissy kissy for the next couple of weeks. That is a true story and it is embarrassing as hell. But if you think that, uh, Pot Cafe sounds like a lot of fun for you, enjoy yourself. You do you. I'm not going to be doing it. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade This is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building, you're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail, filters ready to clog, HVAC on its last leg. If you wait until something breaks, you're all already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done. Jim Rome Takes on Sports. Part of what makes this show, this show, is the show within the show. The biggest topic on the show always seems to be the show itself. This is a way to give you clones a way to interact with one another. Other. Yes, we will be going through the chat. Yes, it'll be a part of the program. The only thing that could ruin the show are the old school clones spitting up the same bullcrap that they always have. The jungle is out taking names and ready to dominate. Let's get it. The Jim Rome Show podcast, follow and listen on your favorite platform. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790. K-A-B-C. It's time for another segment of These Damn Kids. I know I'm almost 41 and I start to sound older and older every single time I do one of these segments, but, and I know every generation had some kind of rowdiness with the kids in their generation, but the e-biking teens are, they've already gotten out of control., but it is getting so out of hand. CBS Sacramento did a great piece where they actually talked to some of these kids in Stanislaus County. You know what they call themselves? The Bumper Boys. Why do they call themselves the Bumper Boys? Because they film themselves trying to purposely crash into people, whether it be cars, whether it be pedestrians. Why are they doing that? Because they literally say it. It's because of the clicks and the likes of social media. And this could be the financial incentive that you get from having a popular social media account where, yeah, any teenager can all of a sudden become a business and we monetize accounts that do all kinds of things that really shouldn't be monetized. But you also have just the dopamine drip of, and it's something that is incredibly addictive. I know as a content creator myself, I check how many people look at our YouTube channel way too often. Now imagine that with the non-fully developed brain of an e-biking teen who may have some brain damage from crashing that e-bike all over the place. And you have this dopamine trip where they're constantly being reinforced that the crazy stupid stunts that they're doing people like, people enjoy. So this is one of these things where we need to have a three-prong crackdown. One, there needs to be much more regulation on the safety features of these bicycles when it comes to the state laws about who is riding them, because you can call them e-bikes all you want. These are motorcycles. These are motorcycles in every possible definition except the way that it's written in state law. So even though currently in state law we can only ban kids from under 12 of riding these things, which is funny because one of the kids in these videos of the Bumper Boys was 11, it really should be like a motorcycle where you need to be 16 and you need to have a license and go through training. I don't see why that's so hard to go after the parents because they're the ones buying these things for their no-good kids. And if the teen— if the teens are causing havoc, causing damage, Send the kids a bill or do what we're doing in Orange County. If the kids are committing crimes on these bicycles, you charge the parents because that is negligence right there. But my idea has always been on the third prong is why is it so difficult to rein in the social media platforms who are not only monetizing the content, but they're also profiting from it as well. Whether it's the money that they make from advertising, the cut that they get from certain kinds of monetization, like on TikTok with the little stickers and all the weird ways that people make money on those platforms that you don't even know about. Why is it so hard for us to have that conversation with TikTok, with Instagram, with Snapchat, going after them and saying, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, You are profiting off of illegal activity. I don't understand why that is so difficult to have that conversation. And don't tell me that it's just so difficult to police because it's 2026. We've got artificial intelligence. They have algorithms that know everything about you and know what exactly you want to watch before you know what you wanna watch. You're telling me there's no way for these platforms to police themselves to make sure that these kids, if they're doing things that are against the law, like, I don't know, intentionally crashing into people, that they cannot profit from it. That would be my idea. And finally, it's the never-ending daylight debate. It is a story that never, ever, ever, never goes away. Daylight Savings Time, which by the way, I just found out today. Did you know the reason we have Daylight Savings Time is because of going back to World War I in order to save things like fuels and energy? I thought it went back further than that, and I thought it had to do with the farmers, but apparently it was for that. And then we made some changes in World War II. We, we have talked about for so long getting rid of the system. And then there's the nonstop fight that we always have to hear between the people that want to make sure it's Standard Time, want to make sure it's Daylight Savings Time. I am firmly now in the camp of I don't care, just pick one, because I've adjusted to both. And when I was younger, I probably preferred more of Daylight Savings Time because I like it when it's out later at night. Now I'm a person who gets up early every day. I kind of like it when it is lighter out in the morning when I drive to Pilates, that it is not dark out, that I can walk my dogs because it's lighter out earlier. But I don't care, just pick one. But what's so crazy is we always hear talk about this. It's like, wait, didn't we already do something about that? And in fact, in California in 2018, We voted to end— I think we voted to keep daylight savings time permanent. Never happened because it required a conversation with the federal government. Well, now the federal government's in the middle of doing this. Are we actually going to see some changes here? Probably not, because it still has to go through the Senate. But even then, trying to get everyone to agree— is it daylight savings time? Is it not? Are we doing standard time? It's just, can we just stop with the switching every 6 months? Because even though it's anecdotal, you do see those stories where the time change does screw with people and all of a sudden people are late to work. It makes the roads more dangerous. I just— the switching back and forth, it's so silly. It's so foolish. Arizona is not doing this, and Arizona seems to be just fine. Well, that's what we've got for you in today's news blitz. So thank you all so much for being a part of the show. You can check out all the videos that I have of this show and the John Phillips Show at youtube.com/@randywangradio. And we'll see you tomorrow for another News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid. So you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you got to close the lid so you idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at Best Hot Grill. .com/randy. While the city council might only give you 60 seconds to air your grievances— oh, hi, I'd like to start off by— go to the first caller on the phone, well, if you're lucky. Now we're giving you a full 60 minutes. It's the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang, an hour-long recap of the day's top local stories on your drive home and Unlike the city council, we're the perfect vehicle to actually get your voice heard. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that is going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I find that are interesting, that you need to know about, and that are locally focused, stuff that affects you as a Californian. And I put it up every single day at randywangradio.substack.com. That's randywangradio.substack.com. Make sure you give me a follow on the socials at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Twitter. Check out our YouTube channel where there's clips of this show as well as the livestream for the John Phillips Show. Every day at noon. That's youtube.com/@randywangradio. And make sure to send me an email if you got any questions, any comments. I do read and try to respond to every single one at randywangradio@gmail.com. I am broadcasting this week from Toronto, Canada. How exciting is that? I've never been to Canada before. And so far, I've been here for 2 days. And I've had a heck of a lot of fun because the weather's not nearly as bad as I thought it was going to be. It wasn't even Cuban death yesterday. We went to go visit Toronto Island and it was gorgeous. But let's get into some not so good news, and that is everything that's been going on in the city that I left, Los Angeles. We had 5 water main breaks in one week. You'd hear that a city has 5 water main breaks in a year and you'd say that's unacceptable. But the city of LA and their deferred maintenance to do anything about the infrastructure that is aging by the day is really starting to show. And sure, you can say that this has been a problem for decades and decades and decades, but the people who are currently in charge have been in charge for quite some time and they don't seem to have any to use Nithya Raman's favorite word, urgency, in doing anything about this. So you had the West Hollywood break, which wasn't even a water main, it was bigger than that. It was a trunk line. And they're still working on repairing all the damage for that. The parking garages that got flooded, it's a complete disaster. And traffic in that area is going to be bad for a very long time. I, and for a long time, I think water was still spewing out Then you had two pop in Venice. You had another pop. It's just been all over the place. You had the one in Boyle Heights last week. And it just goes to show you that one of the things that does not get talked about enough here is that the city and the LADWP ignore all the basics of government. We have elected leaders that have all kinds of fancy ideas of how to run the government. Think of how many symbolic proposals that the city council passes that don't mean anything. But when it comes to the basics of running a city, making sure that the roads are paved, that the streets are safe, and that the pipes aren't to poppin', we don't seem to care about any of that. The pipe that burst in West Hollywood, and again, in case you weren't aware, West Hollywood isn't the city of Los Angeles, but they don't have their own municipal water system. Half of their water is Beverly Hills and the other half is LADWP. Guess which one broke? That's right. It was in West Hollywood. And the water main, the trunk line that blew up was 110 years old when it was installed back in the World War I days. That pipe was supposed to only last 50 to 70 years. And in fact, that kind of pipe we don't even make anymore. We have different kinds of technology. But one of the things that we have found out, thanks to some great investigative reporting from ABC7, is that while this pipe was on the LADWP's high priority list of pipes to replace, It was not scheduled to be replaced until 5 years from now, and they say that project would have taken 5 years. That's unacceptable. And I'm an LADWP ratepayer. I know how much money I'm spending every single day on my DWP bill. This is completely unacceptable. Where is all of our money going if it's not going towards this? If it's not going towards our infrastructure, is it going towards bloated salaries like the former head of the LADWP, Karen Bass's handpicked, Jennice Quiñones, that was making $750,000 a year before she ditched us to go to Puerto Rico? There needs to be a massive overhaul of the priorities of not just the LADWP, but the city of Los Angeles, because we cannot continue with this. We cannot continue with this thought process of, okay, we've got a whole bunch of old pipes. I know we're a big city. We're gonna try to replace 1% of our pipes a year, and we don't even get to that. This was on the high priority list and it was still going to take 5 years. Nobody in charge is taking this seriously. And if we really don't have the money for any of this, which I have a hard time believing because there's plenty of money for anything. Look at all the money that we waste in the city of Los Angeles. I'll give you one program specifically, homelessness. How many pipes can we replace for all of the people that we're currently paying $17,000 a month per bed to live in a motel? That could probably pay for a lot of pipes. And if the city is really that unmanageable, maybe we need to do what the old Houston did, move it 5 miles down the road. Now, of course, that's not the only disaster that is facing Los Angeles because the, uh, Boyle Heights warehouse disaster is still nowhere close to getting cleaned up. We are now 30 days out from when this whole thing started.. And the newest numbers say that we've cleared out 2% of the rotting food. 2%. That is it. And Karen Bass expects this to all be done by mid-August. Today is July 20th. This is not getting done by mid-August. When the head of the storage facility Lineage was at the town hall where Barbara Ferrer and Karen Bass got cursed out, the one that we covered extensively aggressively on last week's Accountability Podcast. We found out that while he said he was going to try to beat that number after being hammered and hammered and hammered again by the residents to give us a real answer, he said typically a cleanup of this magnitude would take 6 months. And considering that it took 2 weeks to get about 1 to 2%. Let's just say, let's be generous, in 2 weeks we got to 2%. So doesn't that mean, if you can just do basic math, that it would take 50 weeks to clean all of this up? Nearly a year. He said 6 months. Regardless, I do not think this is going to be done by mid-August. And one of the things that the residents talked about is why there isn't enough for as horrible of a situation that this is. There isn't more urgency from every level of government about doing something for this. Like, you know, we had the Army Corps of Engineers come in with all the toxic debris removal in the Palisades. Why don't we have that there now? Where are the state resources? Where are the county resources? Why are we relying on this company to do all of this cleanup when it is affecting our residents to the point where You have restaurants that are on the verge of going out of business. CBS LA did a, a really heartbreaking piece with a mother that owned a fish taco restaurant in Boyle Heights where, well, no one's coming around anymore. People literally ordered their fish tacos and left before finishing their meal because they could not handle the stench. And where's the relief for her? Where are our resources when we need them? Where's FEMA? What— why are we not activating every level of government? And why isn't the governor even here? You've had this area toured by Karen Bass. You've had it toured by the LA County Board of Supervisors. The Senator Alex Padilla came down here. I don't know if Adam Schiff has, but where is Governor Gavin Newsom? And where's the federal government? Why aren't we all taking this issue a heck of a lot more seriously? Meanwhile, the residents who have been dealing with all this They're pretty upset with the tepid response from the city because you remember how one of the big things after Karen Bass initially said, oh, it's totally safe. What are you talking about? The toxic air is not that bad. We started passing out air purifiers. That's going to solve it. Air purifiers, by the way, can handle maybe purifying the air in one room, but you need one for every room in your house. And even then, They're not really doing anything when you're talking about toxic fumes and rotting smells of this magnitude. So it has been a tepid, pathetic response, just like with Barbara Ferrer and the LA County Department of Public Health putting out health clinics to help out the people. And what do they get? They get Tylenol for having their lungs filled with fluid. They're being prescribed Tylenol. This is a completely pathetic response. Now, this next story is a big warning for anybody out there that has aging parents. We've told you about all kinds of different elder scams that are going on, whether it's somebody that gets a call saying that, you know, someone got— someone hacked their account on their computer and it's being used for child porn. And we need you to take some Bitcoin and put it into an ATM at a 7-Eleven. We've covered all kinds of those things, but there are so many different ways that the elderly get scammed, and especially people that are suffering from dementia. This is a bizarre story. And while the person who's being fingered here claims that he didn't do anything wrong, it certainly looks as suspicious as possible. I am talking about a member of the Torrance City Council that is being accused of convincing his neighbor, an elderly man, to sign over everything to him. His home, his savings, all of his— everything got signed over to this neighbor, effectively cutting out the daughter from any access to this man's estate. Which seems a little strange. Uh, do you just randomly knock on your neighbor's door and say, hey, can I be your power of attorney? And while the councilman is alleging that the neighbor really wanted to make sure the daughter got none of his money when he passed on, it's definitely more feasible that what happened here is this man was preyed upon. By somebody who then started writing $5,000 checks to himself from this guy's account and figured out every legal means possible to make this guy in charge of this man's life. Now, two stories could be true at the exact same time. Apparently there was a dispute over where this man wanted to live, and I gotta imagine anybody getting up there in age that is about to be asked to give up their autonomy, it's a very very difficult conversation. I understand that, but this doesn't smell right at all. But it just is. Everyone at some point is going to have to have these conversations with their parents, and it's better to do it all when everyone is happy and healthy than trying to do these things when someone is going through the throes of dementia, when they really cannot make these decisions for themselves. Because there are so many people out here, whether this is what that was or not, you all know there are so many situations where the elderly get taken advantage of and these fights get uglier and uglier and uglier. So at the very least, it's worth having a conversation about when it makes sense to be a signatory on a bank account to make sure you're notified of when anything like this happens.. And at some point, power of attorney, power of medical decisions, these are things that need to be discussed because unfortunately for this woman, it seems that all those conversations were discussed with this Torrent City Councilman, the neighbor, instead of her. I'm sure we'll see more about this story in the future, but it, that is a wild one. Let me tell you, I don't know what the real story is here.. But it sure doesn't seem legit at all that this 92-year-old man would sign his whole life over to his neighbor instead of, I don't know, his family member. But then again, sometimes these family disputes can get real ugly real fast. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job, and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, This is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. You didn't start a business just to keep the lights on. You're here to sell more today than yesterday. You're here to win. Lucky for you, Shopify built the best converting checkout on the planet. Like the just one tapping, ridiculously fast acting, sky high sales stacking champion of checkouts. That's the— good stuff right there. So if your business is in it to win it, win with Shopify. Start your free trial today at shopify.com/win. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. We've got a couple of crazy updates from the city of Oakland. In the city of Oakland, once again, people are raising concerns about streets that are covered in homeless encampments and illegally dumped garbage that are preventing them from being able to walk their kids safely to school. A lot of concerns about this as the school year starts up again in just a couple of weeks. And while I understand it is difficult to remove the encampments The illegal dumping thing drives me crazy because at this point we should have, with the flock camera system, the drone programs that we're talking about, we should have plenty of evidence to know who is doing all of this dumping. And anecdotally, what we have seen a lot of this, because sure, some of this garbage is created from the encampments, some of it may be, uh, people that don't want to pay the insane trash fees that the city of Oakland charges, which is a very true thing. City of Oakland charges more for trash removal from like apartments and commercial buildings than almost anywhere else because of some very, very, very corrupt dealings with the Dong family and California Waste Solutions. So that's a problem. But another huge aspect of this, and we've seen this in Oakland, we have also seen this near where I live in the San Fernando Valley, where in the Sepúlveda Basin, a lot of the illegally dumped garbage that becomes a big concern when fires are started comes from contractors. And I don't know if this is legitimate contractors, illegitimate contractors, but we see so many situations where contractors who have a whole bunch of debris, debris to remove from a project don't want to take it where it's supposed to be disposed of, whether they don't want to pay for the fees or they want to pocket those fees. You have licensed contractors, and I would assume also unlicensed contractors that are dumping all this stuff. So what exactly are we doing about that? What are we doing about what we know where this stuff is coming from? How are we not using our license boards to crack down? I mean, it should be pretty obvious that if you're doing a job and you have a bunch of junk, where we should know exactly where it goes. Maybe you need to, in order to keep your license as a contractor, you gotta have receipts of every piece of garbage and where it went, because this problem is happening way too often. And we've gotta increase the fines. We've also just gotta increase the level of enforcement because you can have all the fines you want. If nobody's actually getting fined for this or caught for this, it means nothing.. But the city of Oakland deserves a hell of a lot better. All right, here's a strange one. The former Oakland administrator is a guy by the name of Justin Johnson, and this was the guy hired by Sheng Tao. And the way the Oakland charter is written, the administrator's kind of in charge of everything. It's a very, very strange system. Well, he was in charge of pretty much everything. Like if you had illegally dumped garbage, and you're a council person, you cannot call the city sanitation department. You have to call Justin Johnson and then he'll call the sanitation department. Well, this guy had to resign after a whole bunch of weird text messages came out that he was making very flirty comments. Nothing outright outrageous, but like, uh, he could only look at one of his coworkers in the eyes because of her caboose, stuff like that. Well, he was let go, and now the city wants to give him $400,000 if he promises not to sue. Just another case of Oakland being Oakland. We've got a lot more coming up in today's News Blitz, so keep it right here. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know going on in Southern California, the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. Check out today's list. I've got like 20 stories up there at randywangradio.substack.com. And make sure you subscribe to the Accountability Podcast, my new podcast we do every single week with John Phillips, at youtube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. The final Oakland story that's an interesting one is Oakland needs to change how they're doing wildfire property inspections because the wildfire inspectors that are supposed to make sure that people don't have a whole bunch of brush on their property in places like the Oakland Hills that famously burned in the '90s, apparently they're getting attacked. One guy got a— one fire inspector got attacked by a whole bunch of dogs on somebody's property. So they're going to have to change a whole bunch of protocols to make sure everything is safe because we want these inspectors to be safe because we need them because the whole state of California needs to be a lot more aware of how much brush is everywhere, including the stuff managed by the state, including the stuff managed by the federal government. But here's what I would say regardless of what's going on with these fire inspectors is when it comes to the topic of brush clearance, which is something that I found really interesting last week in that story where we want to increase the minimum wage for goat herders, putting them out of business so no one can hire goat herders to clear brush, which is like the best way to do this. Well, we all need to be on the same team and we all need to be clearing the brush regardless of who we think is responsible for it. You look at what happened in the Palisades. And you look at how some of it was homeowners, some of it was city property, some of it was county property, some of it was state parks property. Okay, just clean it. This was something that Spencer Pratt said. I'm just gonna clean it and then send them a bill. And for all the yammering that the state does about how 70% of the forestry in the state of California is managed by the federal government and they're the ones that should be clearing the brush. No, I don't care. The whole state suffers if that stuff burns. So even though it's the federal government's responsibility, what a great way to make California look good. Have California clean it up. We got a budget of $350 billion. We could hire so many goats. Let's clean all of it up. Send the federal government a bill and say, hey, you're not cleaning this up, or make some kind of deal. Hey, we owe the feds all that money for the unemployment insurance during the COVID times. What if we, we clean up all this and then you write off that? But let's, let's stop doing the jurisdictional, it's not my job nonsense that we do in government because we're all playing on the same team. The city and county of San Francisco is about to explore something that is being talked about up and down the state of California, and it is all part of new legislation that was passed last year that counties can opt into writing their own legislation to allow Amsterdam-style cannabis cafes in their cities, in their counties. This, of course, in an effort to increase cannabis tourism and help out the very, very, very struggling cannabis industry. And I'm conflicted on this for a few reasons. One, I do think that our regulations are insane and way too onerous and the taxes are too high. And we haven't done nearly enough to crack down on the illegal market when it comes to cannabis. I mean, things got so crazy that in the city of Los Angeles in the June primary, we passed a bill to change city code that said that we could send tax bills to illegally operating pot stores because apparently we cannot shut them down. Just complete insanity. So I want to make life easier for the legal cannabis market. We obviously have legalized it.. But when it comes to the idea of the cannabis cafes, as somebody— now, mind you, I haven't been a pot smoker in nearly a decade. It's not my thing anymore. It's not my vibe. But I really don't understand the appeal of this. Now, the idea is right now, you know, you can buy the stuff, but you have to consume it at home. This would allow you to consume it in a public place where, you know, a space where you could also buy food and you could buy beverages. And okay, there's something to that. Maybe you want to have a little snacky snackies with your smoky smokies. But the social element of it, and maybe it's just me, but while I do understand the social lubricant that alcohol is, we've all experienced it. Although I gotta say, you know, I spent pretty much the last 6 weeks not drinking, made up for it this weekend while I'm on vacation in Toronto. But for the most part, I, you know, didn't drink for the first 6 weeks of the summer because I was by myself. And I still found myself to be social. I can still get around, but I can definitely see how a drink or two definitely helps out the conversation, whether it's with friends, with strangers, with your loved ones, what have you. You know, when I was a pot smoker way back when, and, you know, I had some I had some friends that would offer all kinds of good stuff because I helped produce a pot podcast back in the early days of podcasting. My studio apartment in Valley Village smelled like so much pot smoke, and every once in a while my landlady Angela would knock on the door. Randy, it smells in there. And she wasn't talking about anything except for the fact that I just had a lot of pot smoke in there. But I never felt— and again, maybe this was just me— I never found pot to be something that made me want to be social. In fact, I have been to a few events like this. You know, even though the cannabis cafe thing in the recreational market is just new, there were loopholes in the laws where you could do this thing in the medical world before we had recreational pot. And I was invited to a few of these things. And I, and you know, and I had friends that put on these big, big pot parties. I have a friend that hosts a bunch of these out of Macedonia. Shout out. I just never got it because whenever I would smoke, all I wanted to do was be home sitting on my couch, probably playing Peggle or sitting and watching repeats of The Office or It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Or eating way too much food. Like, I was never— it never made me a more social person. So that's why I really don't understand the appeal of this. But again, maybe that's just me. I know this stuff affects everybody in every different way, but pot always made me more introverted than I already was. It did not make— I used to think, oh, it'll help make me social, but it just never did. It would make me quieter I think it made me a lot less interesting. It definitely made me a lot less bright because I am way— even though I've always been smart, I just pay a lot more attention and I have a much clearer mindset, you know. And again, if this is what you do, it's what you need to relax, you do you, whatever works for you. I know that my life is significantly better because I don't do this stuff anymore. But if that's your way to relax and it does help you, you know, be more social with friends, great. It just never was for me. And, you know, I was in Amsterdam over Christmas. It was really, really, really cold. And I walked past the coffee shops, which, by the way, if you're in Amsterdam and you're actually looking for coffee, it can be a little confusing because, yeah, all the pot cafes, all the cannabis cafes in Amsterdam, they're called coffee shops, but you do not get coffee there. It's where you go to smoke your hashish. I just never got it. It's also funny that, like, you know, whilst people here are like, wow, look at what they're doing over there in Amsterdam, nobody cares in Amsterdam. Like, it's a thing, but nobody pays that much attention to it. I mean, there's a lot more interest in the beer scene in Amsterdam than that, but it's there. People can do it, just like the red light district. It's there, people can do it. It's just not that exciting. So I'm not opposed to this.. But for one, I just don't see how, you know, this is the same thing as a bar because at least for me, pot always made me a lot more introverted and a lot less social. I will also say this, and it is fair warning. So I went to a place like this. It was in the back of a pot store in 2014. My friend was doing a live podcast and there were a whole bunch of people there doing nail hits. I don't even want to explain to you what that is cuz 'cause it's so ridiculous, and eating snacks and having a good old time. So I participated, and everyone passed around the giant bong and did the big nail hit. And I, as usual, started turning pink from coughing so loudly. They called me the Valley Village cough. Oh boy. Oh, I, I, I don't even wanna talk about how awful my cough was. I'm so glad I don't do this stuff anymore. But here's one of the side effects of being in a big social environment, sharing pipes and bongs, what have you, with friends or even total strangers. The weekend after I went to that event, I was supposed to go with my now wife but then girlfriend. We had only just been dating for 6 or 7 months, and we were gonna go to Big Bear and explore. I think we did like a little ride around a boat on Lake Arrowhead, and we just looked at a picture of it from the other day because we're both like much lighter in weight than we used to be, and it's kind of fascinating. I started to get really, really, really sick on this trip. I felt awful. I don't know what was going on. I felt terrible. And we come home I go to the doctor. I'm like, I don't know what's wrong with me. I've just— I've got this. I just feel terrible. I feel gross. What has happened to me? And the doctor looks at me and says, well, I don't usually say this to adults, but you have mononucleosis. You know, the kissing disease you usually get in high school. And I'm like, wait a second, how did I get mono? Because I'm in a committed relationship and I certainly didn't get it from my girlfriend. No, no, no, no, no. You know, it's another way that you can get mononucleosis, passing around bongs. So I had to then explain to my girlfriend, who luckily gave me a lot of chances in life, to become the person that I am today, explained to her that I got mono from a pot party and I'm not gonna be able to do any kissy kissy for the next couple of weeks. That is a true story and it is embarrassing as hell. But if you think that, uh, Pot Cafe sounds like a lot of fun for you, enjoy yourself. You do you. I'm not going to be doing it. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade This is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building, you're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail, filters ready to clog, HVAC on its last leg. If you wait until something breaks, you're all already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done. Jim Rome Takes on Sports. Part of what makes this show, this show, is the show within the show. The biggest topic on the show always seems to be the show itself. This is a way to give you clones a way to interact with one another. Other. Yes, we will be going through the chat. Yes, it'll be a part of the program. The only thing that could ruin the show are the old school clones spitting up the same bullcrap that they always have. The jungle is out taking names and ready to dominate. Let's get it. The Jim Rome Show podcast, follow and listen on your favorite platform. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790. K-A-B-C. It's time for another segment of These Damn Kids. I know I'm almost 41 and I start to sound older and older every single time I do one of these segments, but, and I know every generation had some kind of rowdiness with the kids in their generation, but the e-biking teens are, they've already gotten out of control., but it is getting so out of hand. CBS Sacramento did a great piece where they actually talked to some of these kids in Stanislaus County. You know what they call themselves? The Bumper Boys. Why do they call themselves the Bumper Boys? Because they film themselves trying to purposely crash into people, whether it be cars, whether it be pedestrians. Why are they doing that? Because they literally say it. It's because of the clicks and the likes of social media. And this could be the financial incentive that you get from having a popular social media account where, yeah, any teenager can all of a sudden become a business and we monetize accounts that do all kinds of things that really shouldn't be monetized. But you also have just the dopamine drip of, and it's something that is incredibly addictive. I know as a content creator myself, I check how many people look at our YouTube channel way too often. Now imagine that with the non-fully developed brain of an e-biking teen who may have some brain damage from crashing that e-bike all over the place. And you have this dopamine trip where they're constantly being reinforced that the crazy stupid stunts that they're doing people like, people enjoy. So this is one of these things where we need to have a three-prong crackdown. One, there needs to be much more regulation on the safety features of these bicycles when it comes to the state laws about who is riding them, because you can call them e-bikes all you want. These are motorcycles. These are motorcycles in every possible definition except the way that it's written in state law. So even though currently in state law we can only ban kids from under 12 of riding these things, which is funny because one of the kids in these videos of the Bumper Boys was 11, it really should be like a motorcycle where you need to be 16 and you need to have a license and go through training. I don't see why that's so hard to go after the parents because they're the ones buying these things for their no-good kids. And if the teen— if the teens are causing havoc, causing damage, Send the kids a bill or do what we're doing in Orange County. If the kids are committing crimes on these bicycles, you charge the parents because that is negligence right there. But my idea has always been on the third prong is why is it so difficult to rein in the social media platforms who are not only monetizing the content, but they're also profiting from it as well. Whether it's the money that they make from advertising, the cut that they get from certain kinds of monetization, like on TikTok with the little stickers and all the weird ways that people make money on those platforms that you don't even know about. Why is it so hard for us to have that conversation with TikTok, with Instagram, with Snapchat, going after them and saying, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, You are profiting off of illegal activity. I don't understand why that is so difficult to have that conversation. And don't tell me that it's just so difficult to police because it's 2026. We've got artificial intelligence. They have algorithms that know everything about you and know what exactly you want to watch before you know what you wanna watch. You're telling me there's no way for these platforms to police themselves to make sure that these kids, if they're doing things that are against the law, like, I don't know, intentionally crashing into people, that they cannot profit from it. That would be my idea. And finally, it's the never-ending daylight debate. It is a story that never, ever, ever, never goes away. Daylight Savings Time, which by the way, I just found out today. Did you know the reason we have Daylight Savings Time is because of going back to World War I in order to save things like fuels and energy? I thought it went back further than that, and I thought it had to do with the farmers, but apparently it was for that. And then we made some changes in World War II. We, we have talked about for so long getting rid of the system. And then there's the nonstop fight that we always have to hear between the people that want to make sure it's Standard Time, want to make sure it's Daylight Savings Time. I am firmly now in the camp of I don't care, just pick one, because I've adjusted to both. And when I was younger, I probably preferred more of Daylight Savings Time because I like it when it's out later at night. Now I'm a person who gets up early every day. I kind of like it when it is lighter out in the morning when I drive to Pilates, that it is not dark out, that I can walk my dogs because it's lighter out earlier. But I don't care, just pick one. But what's so crazy is we always hear talk about this. It's like, wait, didn't we already do something about that? And in fact, in California in 2018, We voted to end— I think we voted to keep daylight savings time permanent. Never happened because it required a conversation with the federal government. Well, now the federal government's in the middle of doing this. Are we actually going to see some changes here? Probably not, because it still has to go through the Senate. But even then, trying to get everyone to agree— is it daylight savings time? Is it not? Are we doing standard time? It's just, can we just stop with the switching every 6 months? Because even though it's anecdotal, you do see those stories where the time change does screw with people and all of a sudden people are late to work. It makes the roads more dangerous. I just— the switching back and forth, it's so silly. It's so foolish. Arizona is not doing this, and Arizona seems to be just fine. Well, that's what we've got for you in today's news blitz. So thank you all so much for being a part of the show. You can check out all the videos that I have of this show and the John Phillips Show at youtube.com/@randywangradio. And we'll see you tomorrow for another News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid. So you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy.
