# DROPOUT FLYBY

**Show:** Evil Thoughts
**Date Published:** 2026-05-12
**Date Found:** 2026-05-12
**URL:** https://joecrummey.libsyn.com/dropout-flyby?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Nithya Raman (mentioned)
**Duration:** 18 minutes

## Summary

This 18-minute episode of Evil Thoughts mentions Nithya Raman.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Nithya Raman, Evil Thoughts

## Key Moment

> "Search target mentioned in this episode"
> — Unknown at 00:00
> *Automated detection — review recommended*

## Full Transcript

[00:02] **Speaker A:** Pratt opposes using taxpayer money to build brand new houses for unhoused neighbors. All right, that's that commercial that it's, uh, backfiring. The Los Angeles Federation of Labor put that out there, and it's backfiring. We're talking about the whole phenomenon that is Spencer Pratt again as mayor, running for mayor of LA today. We got breaking news on that just a moment. First things first, support our podcast, um, This Is Evil Thoughts, Tuesday the 12th of May, 2026. Support like James Waller. That would be Jamie Waller, another one of my old buddies from the Phillips Exeter Academy. Jamie supports our podcast. He is doing the Lord's work in Guatemala City. Thank you, Jamie. Originally from Schenectady, New York. What do you know? Be like Jamie, support us, tell your friends about the podcast. And, uh, you know, well, then we have a reason why we asked for you to support us is we don't waste your time with commercials. Okay, the breaking news On the Spencer Pratt thing, we were all over it yesterday, is that, uh, the candidates are dropping out of the supposed mayoral debate. There was going to be another one tomorrow, and as of yesterday afternoon, at the last minute, uh, Neithya Robin dropped out. I think Karen Bass dropped out earlier in the morning, or it may have been the, the day before, but at the last minute, these cowards decided they can't deal with it. So they've dropped out of the debate. Whether or not Spencer Pratt is going to show up tomorrow night and, you know, do the empty chair thing, I don't know. But there's that. So you have the— they are running because it looks to me that Neethi Raman was, I think, you know, was leading in the polls and she went from like 50-60%, like you have a shot at winning this, down to 9%. 'cause she sucks so bad. Karen Bass is at maybe 24%, which to me is 23% too high. And Spencer Pratt is somewhere at 11%. That all could change. I've seen other numbers where he's substantially higher than that. Who really knows? We went all over his ads yesterday. A lot of these AI ads are changing the way that political ads are gonna be from now until the end of time. You know, he's a Pratt man, he's Batman, he's Pratt man, he's in Star Wars now. It's great. You know, and they're getting everybody talking. I see Magic Johnson came out yesterday and he supports Bass, but of course, of course he does. You know, he likes things just the way they are. He's a big businessman, he's printing money, he lives in Beverly Hills, he doesn't have to worry about homeless people, not at all, nobody's— he's got security up the yin yang. He doesn't have to worry about any of that stuff, and he likes it just the way it is. On behalf of Karen Bass, although I don't think she has really anything at all to do with this, supposedly homicides are down in the city of Los Angeles, record lows. Of course, I don't trust them to be honest about anything. Neithi Raman was the one that was talking about defunding the police when it was, uh, cool. She now is kind of backtracking on that because she knows, uh, you know, which way the wind's blowing. And, you know, the homeless thing is a big thing. I think that Spencer Pratt scored hugely with that comment to Neethi Raman saying that if you went down, take the Harbor Freeway and go over the underpass there, or under the overpass, and you offer these people a bed, you're gonna get a knife in the neck because they don't want beds, they want drugs. And Pratt went on to say that the DEA says 90% of these people are, you know, on drugs. I looked that up today and that's not what I saw. It's high, but it's nowhere near there. But then again, who is going to be honest about that? Not a lot of people. Um, okay, uh, so, you know, but how about this? This I did check out. I saw a lady on X today. She wants to be somebody. Everybody on X wants to be somebody, okay? I get it. And she's walking around, uh, some kind of a facility that LA is building in Venice Beach, she says. And that they're going to house 32 homeless people there at a cost of $650,000 per person. And, um, I looked that up because I wanted to see, and it's at Venice Beach, and the lady's going, I want to live in Venice Beach and I can't afford to live there, yada yada yada. So I looked it up and I have the truth for you. It's not as bad as she says, but it's still ridiculous. I look it up, Don't I tell you, you know, I am in the relentless pursuit of the rarest of all commodities, the truth. That's why we do the show. What Karen Bass did, I think, if she was then, or the city did it, 'cause it's one lefty after another, doesn't matter. They purchased the Ramada Inn that was dying or whatever it was, and they paid $8 to $10 million for a Ramada Inn, which is on Washington Avenue or Washington Boulevard. It's not exactly on the beach, but technically it's in Venice. But it's not on the beach. They spent $8 to $10 million on it, and they were going to rehab it, and now they're going to be offering 32 different rooms. But the price has now— because they're— the cost overruns— sound familiar, by the way? Cost overrun, the kind of stuff that Trump used to scream about in the book that I told you I read last week, you know, The Art of the Deal, when no one really is really responsible He used to talk about that all the time. You know, we go back to the Wollman Rink, his whole thing. And that was a little later than I realized, 1987, sometime, you know, long time ago in New York City where Mayor Koch was overseeing whatever the city was overseeing, the rehabilitation of the Wollman ice skating rink. This would be in the north part of Central Park. It had been going on for 6 years. They spent all this money and it wasn't even done and it sucked and it was really bad. Trump offered to take it over. And he did, and it was one of his first, you know, successes in New York City. And he went on to talk about it in his book, and he said that he would go there and he would see all kinds of bullshit going down and nothing really happening because nobody really ultimately was accountable or in charge. And he had no respect for Mayor Koch. By the way, let me take a left turn here too, because I'm thinking about Mayor Momdani. We were talking a lot about him yesterday too. He is talking now, he wants to raise taxes on the ultra-rich. He's now saying if we can't do that, he said we only have two choices. We have to raise taxes on the ultra-rich to get their money to balance the budget, or if we can't do that, we have to raise taxes on you. On property taxes, because that's the lever that I can control and I can do that apparently. I know there's some things he could do and some things he can't. Apparently, if I'm sort of following what he has to say, apparently they can do that. I guess he has to get the city council to get on board too. But here's a guy that ran saying that, you know, I want to make New York City more affordable. And what's the first— within the first year, he's talking about, you know, having to raise property taxes by 9%. And you know, when I told you that Trump— I want to give you this— Trump had him in the Oval, remember that? And Trump kind of was not completely mad at him. And a lot of people wanted Trump to really hate him and all that. And Trump was kind of like looking at him like he was a little kid, you know, like, hey, yeah, he's my favorite little commie. You know why Trump is able to take that attitude? And again, I got it out of the book, you know, what is it, The Art of the Deal. Because Trump has known every single mayor in New York City for the last 40 years. He sees them come and go. He thought Mayor Koch was a boob and wasn't really taking care of the city. The Wollman Rink was just another stupid extravagance and waste of taxpayer money. Trump has seen mayors come and go in New York City, so when he sees Mondame, it's just another one of those mayors. You know, perspective. So back to the money waste in LA. So Karen Bass is overseeing this fake former, I don't know, Ramada Inn. They spent $8 to $10 million to buy it, and now it's up at over $20 million, and it's still delayed and isn't done. Sound like the Wollman Rink on steroids? Or how about California High-Speed Rail? This is precisely the kind of stuff that Trump hates. California High-Speed Rail, the initial bond issue on that, I think was 2008, 2009, and that was really sort of before Gavin Newsom, but you know, he's presided over this mess for another 8 years on top of that, and where is it now? They are literally, you know, like tens of billions of dollars over budget and the damn thing doesn't do anything, it doesn't go anywhere, it's nothing. So if you think about it, I mean, that's the real boondoggle. That's being presided over by Gavin Newsom in the state. But locally, you know, we're doing pretty good. What is it, over $20 million to get this hotel going that will ultimately house 32 people, which means if you do the math, each unit for each supposedly homeless person or person experiencing homelessness is $650,000 apiece. This is insane. And this is why Spencer Pratt is getting traction. This is just an incredible waste of your taxpayer money. And they're doing it at more than one place. Now I looked up the numbers on homelessness, and as I said, Spencer Pratt will tell you that 90% of these people are on drugs, and that's not what I saw at all. But I don't think the city or the county is going to be honest with you about the number of drug addicts involved, the people they count, or the murders that happen. Happen, I think they'd rather not say a damn thing about it. Or even the fires. Here's some, here's some more insanity. Even the fires in the city of Los Angeles, where I've read all kinds of, uh, you know, statistics, but the Los Angeles Fire Department says that at least 35% of the fires that they go to are started by homeless people. You know, homeless encampments, they're not trying to start the fires. I mean, some of them are, but you know, they're just trying to cook or keep warm or do whatever they do. That's a lot. That's over 1/3 of all fires are started by these homeless encampments. And after what has happened in Los Angeles and the tinderbox that this city is, you would think that that would be important to them, but they don't do anything. I remember during the great fires we had, the ones that burnt Spencer Pratt out, you know, the Palisades, we lost what, 10,000 homes, 11,000 homes? Of course, there was the other fire over toward Pasadena too, another 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 homes over there. We had an incident right here in the valley, the Hollywood Hills, and there's an area they call the Oasis. This is just a, you know, what do we call it, anecdotal from me. There's an area along Ventura Boulevard they call the Oasis, and the homeless people were living in the hills. This is during the fires when everybody was really out of their minds and really worried, you know, that this is— because the Palisades was aflame. And there were people up on the hill there. And of course, you know, people like me live up in the hills too, as well above these people. But there were little homeless people were cooking and starting fires in the hill. And the people started to complain, and the city went out to talk to these people. And they offered them beds. Now, why don't you come in and all that. And the city, I guess the people said no. And the city came back to the locals and said, well, they declined our help. And I'm thinking, wait a minute, what are you talking about? These people are lighting fires in the hills with hundreds of people's houses all around and you don't say fuck you? If I understand that correctly, that's what happened. So you have this tolerance of this insanity, and this is why this guy Spencer Pratt is getting traction. And it just makes me laugh when I hear all these people talk about, oh, he has no experience and all that. I don't give a shit. I don't care. He's at least, you know, he's identifying what the problems are. Or he has one ad where there's that new bridge they built in Los Angeles a couple years ago, and he's standing at night, he's going, it's over there, but you can't see it because they stole all the lights. He goes, you know, because copper actually has, you know, value. And they're thinking, and Karen Bass's solution is to get solar-powered lights so they'll be what, less likely to steal? And this soft-on-crime bullshit that people are sick about. You know, here's Neithya Raman. What did she say about all the catalytic converters that were being stolen in Los Angeles in 2023? It was an epidemic. And she said, well, you know, I don't really blame the thieves. She didn't say that. She says, I blame Toyota and the Prius because they make it so easy to steal. You know, we have to fuck with them. This is the definition of soft-on-crime. Pratt thinks LA needs thousands more police officers rather than more social workers. There's a little bit more on the LA Federation of Unions ad, which was supposed to be, you know, it's all Democratic money, of your tax dollars, of course. I'm sure a lot of it is paying for that, but it's backfiring, you know. Yeah, he thinks we need more cops. Well, the point is we do. Not— we don't need more social workers, you know. You've got a constant story over and over again of home invasion robberies, uh, you know, people being robbed. Property theft, all this crazy stuff. I don't believe at all that crime is down when I don't see any cops anymore. You rarely see any cops around LA because they're underfunded, and they have been for a long time too. And it doesn't matter who gets elected. If they're Democrats, they're going to do the same thing. They're going to feed money into the system as it stands, as it stands presently. And you've got, uh, what's his face, Spencer Pratt, who has no experience, and he's just probably inexperienced enough to think that he might actually be able to do something. I'd rather have him do— I'd rather have him try than keep doing the same old bullshit over and over again. So I gotta keep my Spencers straight. There's Spencer Pratt. I was telling— I got a new Spencer for you. As a matter of fact, if anybody knows any other famous Spencers, let me know. Spencer Pratt. Then there's Spencer Jones, who was a baseball player, been called up by the Yankees. And there's Spencer Davis, the musician. And then last night I was watching TV And they had some little clip of the actor Spencer Tracy. So there's 4. How many can there be? In the next 6 to 12 months, we'll be doing our first implants for vision. All right, Elon Musk, evil Musk now, talking about how his Neuralink company is going to be writing directly to the visual cortex of the brain. And what did he say? Next 6 to 9 months, so the blind can see in all different spectrum. I think that's interesting. I bring it up for lots of reasons. Number one, Iran, Musk today as we speak now, I believe is on Air Force One with evil Trump as they head to see President Xi in China. It's pretty clear what's going to be on the agenda in China. Of course, Iran is going to be important because Iran makes 90% of their GDP by selling their oil and China buys 90% of their oil. So that's, that's, there's that. Then there's the tariffs, etc., and the reason why Musk is there along with Tim Cook and other— it's a who's who of American CEOs, I think— is like, hey, you know, this tariff cheating you guys do is pissing everybody off. And also, if you get in bed with the United States, there's a lot more upside there than dealing with those rogue morons in Iran. Where even if somebody's completely blind, We can write directly to the visual cortex. But long-term, you would have very high resolution and be able to see in multispectral wavelengths. You could see in infrared, ultraviolet, radar. It's like a superpower situation. Yeah, I would like night vision too. I mean, put that in there. I want heat signatures. I want the whole package there, Elon. I don't think people understand or even me, uh, what's coming down with changes. I mean, Elon Musk wants to write directly to the visual cortex of the brain, which means people that cannot see whatsoever now will have incredible eyesight across all kinds of spectrum. Wow. They'll end up doing that with hearing. They'll do that with— and, and then you've got Dr. David Sinclair in Boston is doing clinical trials now with human beings on, uh, regrowing your eyes and making them young again. And they're in clinical trials with people right now. They've already reversed aging in mice, they've reversed aging in primates, and now they're trying it with eyes. Again, this would be Dr. David Sinclair at— where is he— at Harvard, I think that's where he is. And they're using the eye— interesting, we're talking about the eyes now because that's sort of What I understand, that's a contained unit. So, uh, people with glaucoma and all kinds of, uh, age-related, say, macular degeneration and all of that, they will reverse aging of the eye. And if they're successful, guess what's next? Skin. Could you imagine being 90 years old, 90 years old, and having the skin of a 30-year-old person? I mean, that's going to be wild. You're only going to have to rethink what it means to be a human after a while. Because, you know, instead of, I don't know, sitting in an easy chair at age 85 and watching, you know, Wheel of Fortune, you could have another 50 to 100 or, you know, 500 years to live. The question is going to be, do you want to? Do you choose to? That'll be fascinating to see. It's the reason why we do this podcast 5 days a week, commercial-free. If you like what you hear, support us. I'm your host, Joe Crummey, in Los Angeles, and those are my evil thoughts.
