# Thomas Massie: America’s Greatest Congressman Under Attack

**Show:** Western Conservative
**Date Published:** 2026-05-14
**Date Found:** 2026-05-14
**URL:** https://sites.libsyn.com/552877?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 37 minutes

## Summary

This 37-minute episode of Western Conservative mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Western Conservative

## Key Moment

> "I'm Karen Bass. Like, of course none of it makes any sense. You can enjoy that little ad from Karen Bass right there too. But there you have it. So these people again, and it goes back to Thomas Massie's first clip, they have to get him out of Congress. Because one person can introduce a bill and force a vote on exposing a sex trafficking ring, and the individual congressmen can't vote against it. They can't do that to their reputation. It's political suicide. So they have to vote for it. And that really pisses off the deep state. That really pisses off people like Miriam Adelson, because then you can read the Epstein files and see he's clearly an intelligence asset. You can see him, you know, calling people goyim and all that kind of shit. Uh, you know, he thinks he's real hot because he's a Jewish guy. And so then of course everyone comes to the conclusion, well, if he's an intelligence asset and he's sitting around calling people goyim, talking about how, you know, great Jews are, he's probably passing some information to the Mossad. Maybe, maybe. You don't have to go out on a limb to guess stuff like that. So that they do— they really didn't want those files released. And there's more. And Thomas Massie is going to continue to press the issue. He's going to continue to try and hold the attorneys general liable for breaking the law, which they are doing by not releasing the Epstein files. And they really don't like that because if one person's out there on Tucker Carlson telling the truth, then Israel's popularity rating is going to go down by 50%, which it has. And same thing, not just with the pro-Israel stuff, but just all— just being pro-Deep State, you know. They don't— they don't want— everyone's embarrassed that they were hanging out with Epstein. Everyone's embarrassed to that, you know, they're, they're getting exposed. So they have to attack the people, really show that there is a punishment for going against the deep state, which Donald Trump is now unfortunately a part of. And what— that's what we're going to go over right now, because Donald Trump has hated Thomas Massie since COVID Because what happened was all the congressmen were out of Washington, DC, and they wanted to pass through the big COVID spending bill. Thomas Massie has never voted to expand the federal government. So he says, whoa, hold on, I'm not going to let this go by unanimous consent. So he drives to Washington, D.C., goes to the Capitol, and demands a vote. So all the congressmen have to fly in from around the country during COVID to take this vote. And Trump called him and, you know, called him all sorts of names, tried to get him to not do that. And he did. He said, no, I'm going to make sure everyone's on record on selling out our future, running up the debt, and dooming our grandchildren to debt slaves. So Trump didn't like that. Trump doesn't care about the debt. He'll spend just like a liberal will because he wants to kick the can down the road. And so Trump's never liked him since then, and he's always— he's attacked Massie over and over and over again. But ironically, Trump and Massie, you know, supposedly stood for the same thing, at least in 2016, even all the way through, you know, 2024. When what Trump was campaigning on was what Massey actually votes for and actually stands up to. Trump was talking about the debt. He's talking about how workers are getting screwed over. He's— Trump ran on releasing the Epstein files. Massey actually did release the Epstein files, but Trump at least ran on it. So theoretically, all the things that MAGA stood for and that were supposed to be America first, that's what Thomas Massey actually stands for. Massey's positions haven't changed. In 20 years. Trump is the one that's foot-flopped on Epstein, and that was the, the big issue that it really pissed Trump off again. So let's look at this tweet here, because— and I'm not going to go back to Trump's interview where he— I didn't pull up that video where he was saying he was going to release the Epstein files, he's going to release the JFK files, he's going to release the MLK files. But what I will show you is, because we all know Trump stood against the Epstein class, quote unquote, it ended up being a lie and he ended up flip-flopping. But let's show, let's show you the flip-flop. Here is what Trump posted on Truth Social in July of 2025, and I'm just going to read some parts of it here because it's long. It starts off with, the radical left Democrats have hit pay dirt again, just like with the fake and fully discredited Steele dossier, the lying 51 intelligence agents, the laptop from hell which Democrats swore had come from Russia and it wasn't— it was the— and then the Russia hoax itself. So he, he starts off with all these actual conspiracies against him. By the way, he's never prosecuted anybody for those conspiracies. There are— all 51 of those people should be in jail that signed off and interfered in our election saying that that was Russian disinformation, which it wasn't. But he decided not to prosecute any of them. Everything with the Russia hoax, all those people involved should be in jail. Those were real conspiracies against Donald Trump, and he rightfully names all those off. But then he tries to link the Epstein hoax. So then he continues, their new scam is what we will forever call the Jeffrey Epstein hoax. We're not gonna forever call it the Jeffrey Epstein hoax, of course, because it's not a fucking hoax. But, uh, he continues, and my past— past in all caps— supporters have bought into this bullshit hook, line, and sinker. They haven't learned their lesson, and they probably never will. So there you go. If you believe in the Epstein hoax, you are what he considers a past supporter. But in case that was too ambiguous, he then continues, let these weaklings continue forward and do the Democrats' work. Don't even think about talking of our incredible and unprecedented success because I don't want their support anymore. So there you go. If you believe in the Epstein hoax, you're a past supporter, and you— Donald Trump doesn't want your support anymore, probably because he doesn't need to run for election again. But it's just a thought. To compare that to Thomas Massie, who has been for exposing the Epstein rape ring from the beginning, released again 3 million files because Thomas Massie outmaneuvered Donald Trump and the Republican Party. It's the only reason all those were released. Donald Trump has now turned on Thomas Massie yet again, despite Massie being more America First than Donald Trump now will ever be because of the Iran War and all the funding he's been given to Ukraine and Israel. Donald Trump's America First bona fides are now Completely destroyed. Thomas Massie still looking good though. And that's why Trump is going to team up with Miriam Adelson to make sure that they do their best to destroy Thomas Massie's chances of getting reelected. And again, I think it's just worth reflecting on. It's insane that Thomas Massie is one of the most conservative congressmen is going to be primaried, or at least they're going to try to primary him. But by his own party, that almost never happens in a deep red district like Kentucky 4. So that's how you know something screwy is going on. If you want to listen to Massey talk about it in his own words for 2 and a half hours, go listen to him with Tucker. He lays it all out even better, you know, than I ever could, obviously, because it's a firsthand account of what exactly they're doing to him, why the swamp's coming after him. I don't think I quoted this guy yet. What one of the— the guy in charge of MAGA Kentucky, this PAC run by Miriam Adelson, run by Chris LaCivita, who told the Washington Examiner that Massey has become a DC insider and forgotten his roots, which of course is just a bold-faced lie. He also called Thomas Massey a piece of human trash and all, you know, he's a completely shameless liar, this Chris guy. But to accuse Massey of being a DC insider when Massie is hated by all the DC insiders. Like, come on. Thomas Massie said in— to Tucker Carlson, his average donation size is $94. Doesn't really sound like a DC insider there, whereas his opponent is getting millions and millions of dollars from billionaires. Thomas Massie's not really got a lot of billionaires on his side, and that should really tell you All you need to know. So Thomas Massie, again, we know who hates him. We know it's Trump. We know it's AIPAC. We know it's billionaires. So why the hell else, if you lived in Kentucky 4, why would you vote for him? Aside from him being, you know, from Kentucky's 4th District, having roots there, his house is there he built with his own hands, which is kind of cool listening to him talk about that. He's an MIT engineer. So he's a smart guy who knows how to work with his hands, but he has never voted to expand the federal government. Again, reason that deep state billionaires don't like him. He gets an A+ from FreedomWorks, from the Club for Growth, Gun Owners of America, the National Taxpayers Union, the NRA, Pro-Life Kentucky, etc. Any conservative group is going to rate Thomas Massie an A+. On whatever specialty issue they have. He has a fantastic voting record. He's probably the most, uh, pro-Second Amendment congressman there is too. He introduces a bill in every Congress to institute national constitutional carry. It always fails because Republicans will not support it. Those are the type of Republicans we should actually be primarying, not Thomas Massie. He pushes to audit the Fed, which has never been done before. And again, we have past episodes on this, but you can The Fed is the reason that the Congress is able to cheaply finance all the debt and really blow up our inflation. And, um, I would say commit us to a level of debt we will never be able to pay off while being able to hide the current effects. That, that's what the Fed is for. That's the deep state's big secret. So he knows that he's looking to audit the Fed, open up their books. They of course resist. Republicans won't support that either. And his biggest crime is he's anti-war. He's never voted for a war. He always tries to push, uh, for the War Powers Resolutions to stop presidents from going to war beyond their constitutionally allocated 60 days, which again, all presidents have done, but is not an excuse. You hear Donald Trump like, well, you know, Congress hasn't approved a war, declared war since World War II, so, uh, 'You know, Donald Trump can do it too.' No, that's bullshit. We voted in Donald Trump as an outsider populist because we hate all the past presidents and what they've done to our country is complete bullshit and we want it to end. We didn't vote for him to become one of them and use their past bad behavior as a precedent to do his own bad behavior. That's exactly the opposite of why people voted for Donald Trump. Yet his supporters will still stand there and go, 'Well, you know, Obama did it and Biden is like—' Yeah, fuck Obama. Fuck Biden. That's why we hate them. And, and the Constitution is so clear. Congress has to declare war. It doesn't say Congress has to declare war unless 6 presidents before you haven't, then, you know, go ahead and do whatever you want. Now, Donald Trump had a chance to start another great— first of all, he just shouldn't have got us into the war to begin with. But if he was going to, he could have gone to Congress, gotten the declaration of war, and started a trend of actually following the Constitution. Constitution, which would have been much better. That's what Thomas Massey stands for, is an actual man of the Constitution. And it's sad that he gets really beat up over it when we should all be standing by that and say, hey, the Constitution is the law of the land and we should all be obeying it. And governments that don't obey are illegitimate. So that's kind of its own reason to be doing it, which our government has proven they've been illegitimate for a long time. But just another exhibit for that case that is exceptionally easy to make. But the whole point of this episode is that Thomas Massie does a lot for this country, not just for the people of Kentucky or Kentucky's 4th District. So if you, if you don't live in the district and can't vote for him, you can still send money to his campaign. He's got a website called massiemoneybomb.com. We'll throw the URL in the description. You guys can go donate. Again, the average donation's like $90 So, uh, his election's coming up. So if you got the money, go donate it to him. People from outside his district are sending in millions and millions of dollars, so anything is going to help his campaign, and it goes to helping all of us. If you live in California, you want Thomas Massie elected because him being there means we have a chance to get the Epstein files. It means we have a chance to stand against these stupid wars. The Federal Reserve, all these great issues that Thomas Massie stands alone for. I'm sorry, you may love your local Republican congressman. He's not as good as Thomas Massie. He's still going to rubber stamp, you know, a lot of Trump's ridiculous projects he's got going on. They're still going to take money from Miriam Adelson. Thomas Massie is the best congressman we have, and every Republican in America hopefully will donate to him and make sure that they can't take him out. Because if, if AIPAC can and the deep state can take out Thomas Massie, that's going to be a huge warning to all the other congressmen that you better not get out of line. We're never going to see the rest of the Epstein files or anything. We're never going to have another, uh, Republican congressman who is really going to take those hard-right stances we need them to take if Thomas Massie is primaried here. So I think there are a lot of congressmen that are secretly watching this race hoping Thomas Massie wins because they're going to be ready to take that step to the right too if he does and proves that the neocons and the deep state and the Israel lobby aren't going to be able to force congressmen to toe the line anymore. So again, the thing is massiemoneybomb.com. Go donate what you can. Let's make sure he wins. Cross your fingers. Because we, we really need him. He's an American hero and a patriot. Best congressman we have. So that's an episode, guys. See ya."
> — Speaker A at 21:23
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [21:23] Speaker A: "I'm Karen Bass. Like, of course none of it makes any sense. You can enjoy that little ad from Karen Bass right there too. But there you have it. So these people again, and it goes back to Thomas Massie's first clip, they have to get him out of Congress. Because one person can introduce a bill and force a vote on exposing a sex trafficking ring, and the individual congressmen can't vote against it. They can't do that to their reputation. It's political suicide. So they have to vote for it. And that really pisses off the deep state. That really pisses off people like Miriam Adelson, because then you can read the Epstein files and see he's clearly an intelligence asset. You can see him, you know, calling people goyim and all that kind of shit. Uh, you know, he thinks he's real hot because he's a Jewish guy. And so then of course everyone comes to the conclusion, well, if he's an intelligence asset and he's sitting around calling people goyim, talking about how, you know, great Jews are, he's probably passing some information to the Mossad. Maybe, maybe. You don't have to go out on a limb to guess stuff like that. So that they do— they really didn't want those files released. And there's more. And Thomas Massie is going to continue to press the issue. He's going to continue to try and hold the attorneys general liable for breaking the law, which they are doing by not releasing the Epstein files. And they really don't like that because if one person's out there on Tucker Carlson telling the truth, then Israel's popularity rating is going to go down by 50%, which it has. And same thing, not just with the pro-Israel stuff, but just all— just being pro-Deep State, you know. They don't— they don't want— everyone's embarrassed that they were hanging out with Epstein. Everyone's embarrassed to that, you know, they're, they're getting exposed. So they have to attack the people, really show that there is a punishment for going against the deep state, which Donald Trump is now unfortunately a part of. And what— that's what we're going to go over right now, because Donald Trump has hated Thomas Massie since COVID Because what happened was all the congressmen were out of Washington, DC, and they wanted to pass through the big COVID spending bill. Thomas Massie has never voted to expand the federal government. So he says, whoa, hold on, I'm not going to let this go by unanimous consent. So he drives to Washington, D.C., goes to the Capitol, and demands a vote. So all the congressmen have to fly in from around the country during COVID to take this vote. And Trump called him and, you know, called him all sorts of names, tried to get him to not do that. And he did. He said, no, I'm going to make sure everyone's on record on selling out our future, running up the debt, and dooming our grandchildren to debt slaves. So Trump didn't like that. Trump doesn't care about the debt. He'll spend just like a liberal will because he wants to kick the can down the road. And so Trump's never liked him since then, and he's always— he's attacked Massie over and over and over again. But ironically, Trump and Massie, you know, supposedly stood for the same thing, at least in 2016, even all the way through, you know, 2024. When what Trump was campaigning on was what Massey actually votes for and actually stands up to. Trump was talking about the debt. He's talking about how workers are getting screwed over. He's— Trump ran on releasing the Epstein files. Massey actually did release the Epstein files, but Trump at least ran on it. So theoretically, all the things that MAGA stood for and that were supposed to be America first, that's what Thomas Massey actually stands for. Massey's positions haven't changed. In 20 years. Trump is the one that's foot-flopped on Epstein, and that was the, the big issue that it really pissed Trump off again. So let's look at this tweet here, because— and I'm not going to go back to Trump's interview where he— I didn't pull up that video where he was saying he was going to release the Epstein files, he's going to release the JFK files, he's going to release the MLK files. But what I will show you is, because we all know Trump stood against the Epstein class, quote unquote, it ended up being a lie and he ended up flip-flopping. But let's show, let's show you the flip-flop. Here is what Trump posted on Truth Social in July of 2025, and I'm just going to read some parts of it here because it's long. It starts off with, the radical left Democrats have hit pay dirt again, just like with the fake and fully discredited Steele dossier, the lying 51 intelligence agents, the laptop from hell which Democrats swore had come from Russia and it wasn't— it was the— and then the Russia hoax itself. So he, he starts off with all these actual conspiracies against him. By the way, he's never prosecuted anybody for those conspiracies. There are— all 51 of those people should be in jail that signed off and interfered in our election saying that that was Russian disinformation, which it wasn't. But he decided not to prosecute any of them. Everything with the Russia hoax, all those people involved should be in jail. Those were real conspiracies against Donald Trump, and he rightfully names all those off. But then he tries to link the Epstein hoax. So then he continues, their new scam is what we will forever call the Jeffrey Epstein hoax. We're not gonna forever call it the Jeffrey Epstein hoax, of course, because it's not a fucking hoax. But, uh, he continues, and my past— past in all caps— supporters have bought into this bullshit hook, line, and sinker. They haven't learned their lesson, and they probably never will. So there you go. If you believe in the Epstein hoax, you are what he considers a past supporter. But in case that was too ambiguous, he then continues, let these weaklings continue forward and do the Democrats' work. Don't even think about talking of our incredible and unprecedented success because I don't want their support anymore. So there you go. If you believe in the Epstein hoax, you're a past supporter, and you— Donald Trump doesn't want your support anymore, probably because he doesn't need to run for election again. But it's just a thought. To compare that to Thomas Massie, who has been for exposing the Epstein rape ring from the beginning, released again 3 million files because Thomas Massie outmaneuvered Donald Trump and the Republican Party. It's the only reason all those were released. Donald Trump has now turned on Thomas Massie yet again, despite Massie being more America First than Donald Trump now will ever be because of the Iran War and all the funding he's been given to Ukraine and Israel. Donald Trump's America First bona fides are now Completely destroyed. Thomas Massie still looking good though. And that's why Trump is going to team up with Miriam Adelson to make sure that they do their best to destroy Thomas Massie's chances of getting reelected. And again, I think it's just worth reflecting on. It's insane that Thomas Massie is one of the most conservative congressmen is going to be primaried, or at least they're going to try to primary him. But by his own party, that almost never happens in a deep red district like Kentucky 4. So that's how you know something screwy is going on. If you want to listen to Massey talk about it in his own words for 2 and a half hours, go listen to him with Tucker. He lays it all out even better, you know, than I ever could, obviously, because it's a firsthand account of what exactly they're doing to him, why the swamp's coming after him. I don't think I quoted this guy yet. What one of the— the guy in charge of MAGA Kentucky, this PAC run by Miriam Adelson, run by Chris LaCivita, who told the Washington Examiner that Massey has become a DC insider and forgotten his roots, which of course is just a bold-faced lie. He also called Thomas Massey a piece of human trash and all, you know, he's a completely shameless liar, this Chris guy. But to accuse Massey of being a DC insider when Massie is hated by all the DC insiders. Like, come on. Thomas Massie said in— to Tucker Carlson, his average donation size is $94. Doesn't really sound like a DC insider there, whereas his opponent is getting millions and millions of dollars from billionaires. Thomas Massie's not really got a lot of billionaires on his side, and that should really tell you All you need to know. So Thomas Massie, again, we know who hates him. We know it's Trump. We know it's AIPAC. We know it's billionaires. So why the hell else, if you lived in Kentucky 4, why would you vote for him? Aside from him being, you know, from Kentucky's 4th District, having roots there, his house is there he built with his own hands, which is kind of cool listening to him talk about that. He's an MIT engineer. So he's a smart guy who knows how to work with his hands, but he has never voted to expand the federal government. Again, reason that deep state billionaires don't like him. He gets an A+ from FreedomWorks, from the Club for Growth, Gun Owners of America, the National Taxpayers Union, the NRA, Pro-Life Kentucky, etc. Any conservative group is going to rate Thomas Massie an A+. On whatever specialty issue they have. He has a fantastic voting record. He's probably the most, uh, pro-Second Amendment congressman there is too. He introduces a bill in every Congress to institute national constitutional carry. It always fails because Republicans will not support it. Those are the type of Republicans we should actually be primarying, not Thomas Massie. He pushes to audit the Fed, which has never been done before. And again, we have past episodes on this, but you can The Fed is the reason that the Congress is able to cheaply finance all the debt and really blow up our inflation. And, um, I would say commit us to a level of debt we will never be able to pay off while being able to hide the current effects. That, that's what the Fed is for. That's the deep state's big secret. So he knows that he's looking to audit the Fed, open up their books. They of course resist. Republicans won't support that either. And his biggest crime is he's anti-war. He's never voted for a war. He always tries to push, uh, for the War Powers Resolutions to stop presidents from going to war beyond their constitutionally allocated 60 days, which again, all presidents have done, but is not an excuse. You hear Donald Trump like, well, you know, Congress hasn't approved a war, declared war since World War II, so, uh, 'You know, Donald Trump can do it too.' No, that's bullshit. We voted in Donald Trump as an outsider populist because we hate all the past presidents and what they've done to our country is complete bullshit and we want it to end. We didn't vote for him to become one of them and use their past bad behavior as a precedent to do his own bad behavior. That's exactly the opposite of why people voted for Donald Trump. Yet his supporters will still stand there and go, 'Well, you know, Obama did it and Biden is like—' Yeah, fuck Obama. Fuck Biden. That's why we hate them. And, and the Constitution is so clear. Congress has to declare war. It doesn't say Congress has to declare war unless 6 presidents before you haven't, then, you know, go ahead and do whatever you want. Now, Donald Trump had a chance to start another great— first of all, he just shouldn't have got us into the war to begin with. But if he was going to, he could have gone to Congress, gotten the declaration of war, and started a trend of actually following the Constitution. Constitution, which would have been much better. That's what Thomas Massey stands for, is an actual man of the Constitution. And it's sad that he gets really beat up over it when we should all be standing by that and say, hey, the Constitution is the law of the land and we should all be obeying it. And governments that don't obey are illegitimate. So that's kind of its own reason to be doing it, which our government has proven they've been illegitimate for a long time. But just another exhibit for that case that is exceptionally easy to make. But the whole point of this episode is that Thomas Massie does a lot for this country, not just for the people of Kentucky or Kentucky's 4th District. So if you, if you don't live in the district and can't vote for him, you can still send money to his campaign. He's got a website called massiemoneybomb.com. We'll throw the URL in the description. You guys can go donate. Again, the average donation's like $90 So, uh, his election's coming up. So if you got the money, go donate it to him. People from outside his district are sending in millions and millions of dollars, so anything is going to help his campaign, and it goes to helping all of us. If you live in California, you want Thomas Massie elected because him being there means we have a chance to get the Epstein files. It means we have a chance to stand against these stupid wars. The Federal Reserve, all these great issues that Thomas Massie stands alone for. I'm sorry, you may love your local Republican congressman. He's not as good as Thomas Massie. He's still going to rubber stamp, you know, a lot of Trump's ridiculous projects he's got going on. They're still going to take money from Miriam Adelson. Thomas Massie is the best congressman we have, and every Republican in America hopefully will donate to him and make sure that they can't take him out. Because if, if AIPAC can and the deep state can take out Thomas Massie, that's going to be a huge warning to all the other congressmen that you better not get out of line. We're never going to see the rest of the Epstein files or anything. We're never going to have another, uh, Republican congressman who is really going to take those hard-right stances we need them to take if Thomas Massie is primaried here. So I think there are a lot of congressmen that are secretly watching this race hoping Thomas Massie wins because they're going to be ready to take that step to the right too if he does and proves that the neocons and the deep state and the Israel lobby aren't going to be able to force congressmen to toe the line anymore. So again, the thing is massiemoneybomb.com. Go donate what you can. Let's make sure he wins. Cross your fingers. Because we, we really need him. He's an American hero and a patriot. Best congressman we have. So that's an episode, guys. See ya."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** What's up everybody, we are back and I never thought I would see the day the best congressman in the country might lose reelection, but it's here. The 4th District of Kentucky, Thomas Massie, he is in a one-point race. It is neck and neck within the margin of error, not that we trust polls, but we'll see, we'll see. It's closer than any of his other races has ever been and it's way too close for comfort. So how the hell is this happening? Because this isn't even a general election. It's not like he's running against a Democrat here. He is being primaried by a guy who's not popular at all, but boy does he have a shit ton of money. Thomas Massey's guessing this race is going to be the most expensive race in the country. It's going to be $30 million by the time it's all said and done. Massey said he's raised the most he's ever raised before at $4 or $5 million. So this guy is probably raising somewhere in the tens of millions. And so you would think, oh man, maybe this guy's like super popular. He's being funded by all these, you know, grassroots people for some reason. No, of course not. Uh, Thomas Massie's opponent is being funded by 3 billionaires, John Paulson, Paul Singer, and Miriam Adelson. All 3 of these billionaires, of course, are Israel First people, which is the only reason anyone would oppose Thomas Massie. So what they've got is this PAC that they're using where they're— it's called the United Democracy Project, and it's a leftist group. They use this group to fund Democrats, but now they're using it to fund this opponent in Kentucky who Thomas Maskey pointed out that 84% of this guy's donors have donated to Democrats before. So this is definitely some kind of astroturfed campaign where Democrats are coming in, leftists, people who are pro-war are just coming in and raiding this primary, where— which is where people from another party try and, uh, go into the opposite party's primary and tip the scale so that they can get an easier opponent in the general. But this one's actually a little bit different. This is— Democrats aren't doing this because they think that they're going to beat Thomas Massie's opponent if he makes it onto the general. They're doing it because they know this guy's going to get elected, but he's going to be a rubber stamp for the Iran War. He's be a rubber stamp for all the spending bills Trump wants. He's going to be a rubber stamp for covering up the Epstein files. All the reasons they hate Thomas Massie— this guy has already sold out and said he's going to be on board with all of it because he's going to play ball with the deep state, and Thomas Massie will not. So another, uh, PAC opposing Thomas Massie— Christians for Israel. Imagine that, Christians for Israel opposes Thomas Massie. And why would they do that? Because Thomas Massie opposes giving our hard-earned tax money to foreign countries, especially foreign countries that like to get us into wars that also get Americans killed. So not a big fan of Massey, these Israel PACs, not at all. Or these 3 billionaires who give these PACs all their money. The Washington Examiner even did a little bit of a report on this. They said $1.56 million spent on just one ad. By a pro-Israel PAC. That is the MAGA Kentucky PAC, which of course is an oxymoron. The people funding MAGA Kentucky don't give a shit about MAGA. They actually have co-opted MAGA and turned Trump into their stooge. They don't care at all. They're not— and of course, so they're not MAGA. They're also not from Kentucky. John Paulson, Paul Singer, nor Miriam Adelson live in Kentucky. I wonder if they've ever even been to Kentucky. They definitely don't give a shit about the people in Northern Kentucky like Thomas Massey does. It's where he lives. These people, of course, don't live there. And this money is all coming from different places. Miriam Adelson and, you know, her husband made all his money as a, uh, Las Vegas casino magnate, and now they've taken all their money into China and Macau and are making all their money there. So all this Chinese money coming through an American technically who's loyal to Israel is now going to try and kick out one of the conservatives' best congressmen. Because of course, nothing is more American politics than this race. It kind of sums it up all perfectly here for us. So let's take a listen to Thomas Massie, and he's gonna tell us— well, he's gonna tell us why AIPAC hates him. This is from a couple years ago, but him, it's funny, he is explaining in this video why why AIPAC hates him. But it's actually him saying this, it's this clip that actually makes AIPAC really hate him, because he says it on Tucker Carlson in front of millions of people. So let's take a little peek at Thomas Massie here in his own words, tell us why AIPAC doesn't like him very much. And it's kind of, kind of easy to see why. It kind of reminds me of you, you see these clips of, uh, how petty 50 Cent is, you know, his P. Diddy, uh, documentary and all sorts of stuff. And then there's a viral meme going around like, man, I really love P. Diddy, but I'll always understand why people try to kill him. This is Thomas Massie. Like, we, we love him, but him going on Tucker and just exposing all this, you can see why the deep state hates him. If I was the deep state, I would hate Thomas Massie too. So here we go. Let's listen here.

[05:58] **Speaker B:** They were running educational advocacy ads against me saying that, you know, I'm bad on Israel. They didn't say don't vote for him. They just said he's a bad guy. And so I said, all right, well, you're not welcome in my office anymore because for years I invited them into my office. Let's talk this through. Let me explain to you.

[06:17] **Speaker A:** So AIPAC was talking shit about him and then he kicked him out of his office and he refused to have an APAC handler. So they really didn't like that. They really didn't like that he comes on Tucker.

[06:29] **Speaker B:** I'm a libertarian-leaning Republican. I don't vote for foreign aid for anybody. So don't be offended when I don't vote for your foreign aid. I don't vote for wars anywhere. So don't be offended if I tell you that. I'm for free speech, even if it's abhorrent. Uh, and you know, we used to talk, but now they're banned from my office. Situation went from bad to worse. This election cycle, they spent $400,000 against me, $90,000 last fall running TV ads in my district and Facebook ads and whatnot, trying to equate me with the Squad. And then this most recently, in fact, as I'm speaking to you today, even though my election is over, they're still running hundreds of thousands of dollars of negative ads.

[07:12] **Speaker C:** It's a little weird, though, because as you said, you're probably the only Republican in the House who hasn't done homework for them. It wasn't on their side. Um, and, but, and that's okay. I mean, you can have, you know, you're a libertarian-oriented Republican from Northern Kentucky. You're probably not going to single-handedly determine our foreign policy. So I think you should, but you don't.

[07:34] **Speaker A:** Thank you.

[07:34] **Speaker D:** And you're not going to.

[07:36] **Speaker C:** So why do they care? Why not just let Tom—

[07:38] **Speaker A:** So you can tell this interview is a little old one because Thomas Massie looks like a complete nerd. Somebody got into his office and gave him a makeover where he now has a beard and didn't the glasses. He looks a lot better than he does in this clip, but it's funny to listen to him. And this is from his last cycle, and he thinks $400,000 is a lot of money to be spent against him. Little does he know this clip is going to be the reason APAC ends up spending tens of millions of dollars against him in this race.

[08:06] **Speaker C:** Thomas Massie beat Thomas Massie in Northern Kentucky. Like, why, why the need to crush you?

[08:12] **Speaker B:** I don't know. I think it's they don't want one horse out of the barn. If one person starts speaking the truth, they're afraid it could be contagious, perhaps. Or it's like a new car. They go to Mike Johnson.

[08:23] **Speaker A:** And that's really it right there. He really underlined without even knowing it again, because this is the clip that really pisses off AIPAC. He hits the nail on the head right there. They don't want even a single person telling the truth because in this day and age, when you can go on a podcast like Tucker's and speak to tens of millions of people with, you know, no producers, no commercial breaks, nothing like that. Your message can be pretty poignant when you're telling the truth, like Thomas Massie, and when you're calling out foreign wars and us giving all our tax money to foreigners. And so the, the deep state and the Israel First people, they really can't have somebody who sits there and tells the truth. Not even one person. It's just like when Elon bought Twitter. All the social media companies were censoring their people. But if just one company steps up and says, no, we're not going to censor, we're going to have free speech, everybody else has to follow suit because then it's so obvious that they're in the tank and putting their thumbs on the scales, censoring speech, and nobody likes that. So if just one person like Thomas Massie has access to classified material, like Congressman Do has access to all the, the records, has access to the floor of the House, which is really important because you can say things on the floor of the House you can't say, uh, in the rest of the country. There's a lot more speech protections there. If even one person has access to all those things, they can tell the truth and they can convince tens of millions of Americans to not support foreign wars or not support foreign aid, which Thomas Massie has successfully done now and completely destroyed the credibility of the Israel lobby. So You can really see why they hate him, and it makes a lot of sense because he's pretty effective at spreading his message. So not surprising that they are doing everything they can to knock him out here. But I think the good news is that if they spend tens of millions of dollars here and can't get him out, I think he's safe. I don't think they will try it twice. And maybe I'm wrong, maybe they'll do it again. These people do just have, uh, ungodly amounts of money, and they can, you know, tens of millions of dollars isn't anything to Miriam Adelson, as we're going to see here pretty shortly. But you can see why they hate him and why they want him gone, and he knows it. It's funny, he didn't know how right he was when he was saying it, but it's, it's kind of funny looking back at that clip. Let's, so let's learn who these people are because you might think Miriam Adelson, I don't know, if I saw Miriam You know, Miriam Adelson was walking down the street next to me. I might not even know it was her. So let's take a look at who this lady is. And, you know, of course we get the best part of Donald Trump is he just tells the truth about people even when he doesn't really mean to. So he does that a little bit here. Let's take a look at Donald Trump talking about Miriam Adelson. This is going to be The second clip we got for you guys, and I'm going to skip a little bit because Trump ends up doing his weave, but here you go.

[11:48] **Speaker D:** I never understood it until I got there. They, it was a lot of pressure put on these presidents. It was put on me too, but I didn't yield to the pressure. But every president for decades said, we're going to do it. The difference is I kept my promise and officially recognized the capital of Israel and moved the American embassy to Jerusalem.

[12:17] **Speaker A:** And they've cut out the audio here, but I want to hear him talk a little bit about Miriam right up here up front.

[12:24] **Speaker D:** Isn't that right, Miriam? Look at Miriam, she's back there. Stand up, Miriam, stand up.

[12:33] **Speaker A:** This is in the Knesset, I believe, in Israel's Congress.

[12:41] **Speaker D:** Miriam and Sheldon would come into the office. They'd call me. He'd call me. I think he, I think they had more trips to the White House than anybody else I can think of. Look at her sitting there so innocently.

[12:53] **Speaker A:** That was funny. He already right there. More trips to the White House than anybody else. Why would that be? Yeah, I don't get to go to the White House and talk to the president, but I also don't give hundreds of millions of dollars. And, and just so you know, so Sheldon Adelson, her husband, is dead. But when he was alive, he said that he, his biggest regret in life was that instead of serving in the U.S. military, he wishes he would have served in the IDF. Just to give you a little bit of an insight into who these people are.

[13:28] **Speaker D:** She's got $60 billion in the bank.

[13:30] **Speaker A:** $60 billion.

[13:32] **Speaker D:** And she loves— and she— I think she's saying no more. And she loves Israel, but she loves it. And they would come in, and her husband was a very aggressive man, but I loved him. He was very aggressive, very supportive of me. And he'd call up, can I come over and see you? I say, Sheldon, I'm the President of the United States. It doesn't work that way. He'd come in with the But they, uh, were very responsible for so much, including getting me thinking about Golan Heights, which—

[14:05] **Speaker A:** which is just even crazier. Yeah, I think we've even played this clip before. That's so funny. He just has to tell the truth. He can't like really lie about these things. He just sits up there as like, oh yeah, you know, Sheldon Adelson used to give me tons and tons of money. So he would just call me and tell me he's coming in to talk to me for 10 minutes in the White House. And it would take an hour and a half. And that, that was fine because, you know, just any of us could do that. If you, if you're a billionaire who loves Israel and you want to give, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars to the president, you can just waltz into the White House and demand a meeting and talk to him about the Golan Heights, apparently, because, you know, all of us sitting around the dinner table are really concerned about what's going on in the Golan Heights. Most people would probably think that's a place in New York or something like that. No. Nope, the Golan Heights is not. Now it's kind of a part of Israel. We could, you know, go into a little bit more of that later, but for all intents and purposes, it's a part of Israel now. Because Sheldon Adelson wanted to go in there and, and tell Donald Trump about it and get all sorts of arms sold to Israel and provide cover for the invasion, all that kind of stuff. So we all kind of knew that's how this worked, but it's just funny to hear a U.S. president say it out loud. It's kind of like this person's $60 billion in the bank. So yeah, they come into the White House, we talk about the Golan Heights. Let's skip out a little bit here. He said— when he says she loves this country, by the way, they're in Israel, so he's referring to Israel there.

[15:40] **Speaker D:** Loves this country. She loves this country. Her and her husband are so incredible. We miss him so dearly. But I actually asked— I'm going to get her in trouble with this— but I actually asked her once. I said, so, Miriam, I know you love Israel. What do you love more, the United States or Israel? She refused to answer. That means— that might mean Israel, I must say.

[16:15] **Speaker A:** That's so funny that he says this at the Knesset. You can see this guy's face on the right. It's just like, oh shit. People been over here on the left is just trying to laugh it off and pretend like it's not a big deal. The President of the United States just called this woman out for being an American citizen but loving Israel more. It's actually, actually hilarious. We could stop sharing there. That's— you gotta love Trump. Trump, that is really like the most charming part about Trump is that these people are all just— they try and stay in the shadows and run things from behind the scenes and, you know, be power brokers. And he'll just stand on the floor of the Knesset and be like, hey, you know, this person, they actually love Israel, born in America. You know, like these people that claim to be American citizens and, you know, donate to American politicians, the biggest donor to the president, over $200 million, I think it's $250 million to his campaign. They come in and see him, you know, every day, very aggressive, as Donald Trump says. And what do you know, he calls them out for loving another country more than their own, which in fact makes them a foreign spy. I mean, that's, that's just really what that is. If you're spending a bunch of time with our president trying to convince him to go send expeditionary forces to another country, you're not really American. Sorry. You're, you're just not. No, we would never tolerate that with another country. Like we, we totally called out Joe Biden for that when Hunter Biden was on a Ukrainian energy board getting paid millions of dollars. And then what do you know? All these weapons start getting sent to Ukraine. What do you know? The Kamala Harris is standing there saying they should be in NATO. What do you know? A war gets sparked in the region. And what do you know? All those rich people on the Burisma board with Hunter Biden and the leaders all get rich siphoning money off of American aid. So it's not just the Israelis that do this kind of stuff, unfortunately. I wish it was, but all sorts of people betray our country and are essentially foreign spies, just like Hunter Biden and the whole Biden family was. So we can spread the hate out a little bit there, a little bit of a caveat for you guys. Let's now take a look. So Thomas Massie just went on Tucker Carlson recently, and you can tell again, because instead of looking like a, uh, you know, we'll give them, we'll give the Mises Institute some love. We'll say instead of looking like a Mises Institute nerd, like old fellow or something, like, like Thomas Massie looked in the first one, now he looks like a middle-aged statesman. 2 years later, Thomas Massie is a really good looking guy. Let's listen to him now talk a little bit about also why AIPAC and Mary Maitland hate him and why Trump hates him. Newsflash: it's because Thomas Massie exposed half of the Epstein files, and they really did not like that because there was some embarrassing shit in there talking about the goyim. Because, you know, normal people talk like that. And pizza, of course, because remember, they were running in elites only pedophiles.

[19:40] **Speaker B:** Um, they took her over to the Situation Room, right? Like, this is where if they're trying to kill or capture Osama bin Laden, this is where they are at the White House. They took her into the Situation Room and tried to whip her into taking her name off of the discharge petition.

[19:57] **Speaker C:** Over Epstein.

[19:58] **Speaker B:** Over Epstein.

[19:59] **Speaker A:** Yep.

[19:59] **Speaker B:** And then the president vetoed a bill that would have brought water to a large portion of Colorado.

[20:06] **Speaker C:** Like, over Epstein.

[20:07] **Speaker B:** Over Epstein.

[20:09] **Speaker A:** And that's because Lauren Boebert represents Colorado. So he's saying here— and I didn't even know this before I heard Massey say it— was that when he was trying to get the Epstein transparency bill passed, uh, he was trying to get Laura Boebert to, to vote for it before all the Republicans ended up getting on board. He was trying to whip up some support, and there was rumors that Lauren Boebert was going to support the bill. So Trump brought her down into the Situation Room and tried to berate her and get her to flip her vote, not vote for the law. And so he wouldn't allow a bill to go through that would have brought water to Colorado in her district over her vote to release the Epstein files. So one wonderful Trump stuff there, because we all voted for him, at least in 2016, because he was an outsider, and now he's doing your standard swamp shit.

[21:08] **Speaker B:** And this isn't even— at this point, it's not just about Lauren Boebert. Why are people in Colorado deprived of water because their representative wants to expose a sex trafficking ring.

[21:20] **Speaker C:** I mean, none of this makes any sense at all.

[21:23] **Speaker A:** I'm Karen Bass. Like, of course none of it makes any sense. You can enjoy that little ad from Karen Bass right there too. But there you have it. So these people again, and it goes back to Thomas Massie's first clip, they have to get him out of Congress. Because one person can introduce a bill and force a vote on exposing a sex trafficking ring, and the individual congressmen can't vote against it. They can't do that to their reputation. It's political suicide. So they have to vote for it. And that really pisses off the deep state. That really pisses off people like Miriam Adelson, because then you can read the Epstein files and see he's clearly an intelligence asset. You can see him, you know, calling people goyim and all that kind of shit. Uh, you know, he thinks he's real hot because he's a Jewish guy. And so then of course everyone comes to the conclusion, well, if he's an intelligence asset and he's sitting around calling people goyim, talking about how, you know, great Jews are, he's probably passing some information to the Mossad. Maybe, maybe. You don't have to go out on a limb to guess stuff like that. So that they do— they really didn't want those files released. And there's more. And Thomas Massie is going to continue to press the issue. He's going to continue to try and hold the attorneys general liable for breaking the law, which they are doing by not releasing the Epstein files. And they really don't like that because if one person's out there on Tucker Carlson telling the truth, then Israel's popularity rating is going to go down by 50%, which it has. And same thing, not just with the pro-Israel stuff, but just all— just being pro-Deep State, you know. They don't— they don't want— everyone's embarrassed that they were hanging out with Epstein. Everyone's embarrassed to that, you know, they're, they're getting exposed. So they have to attack the people, really show that there is a punishment for going against the deep state, which Donald Trump is now unfortunately a part of. And what— that's what we're going to go over right now, because Donald Trump has hated Thomas Massie since COVID Because what happened was all the congressmen were out of Washington, DC, and they wanted to pass through the big COVID spending bill. Thomas Massie has never voted to expand the federal government. So he says, whoa, hold on, I'm not going to let this go by unanimous consent. So he drives to Washington, D.C., goes to the Capitol, and demands a vote. So all the congressmen have to fly in from around the country during COVID to take this vote. And Trump called him and, you know, called him all sorts of names, tried to get him to not do that. And he did. He said, no, I'm going to make sure everyone's on record on selling out our future, running up the debt, and dooming our grandchildren to debt slaves. So Trump didn't like that. Trump doesn't care about the debt. He'll spend just like a liberal will because he wants to kick the can down the road. And so Trump's never liked him since then, and he's always— he's attacked Massie over and over and over again. But ironically, Trump and Massie, you know, supposedly stood for the same thing, at least in 2016, even all the way through, you know, 2024. When what Trump was campaigning on was what Massey actually votes for and actually stands up to. Trump was talking about the debt. He's talking about how workers are getting screwed over. He's— Trump ran on releasing the Epstein files. Massey actually did release the Epstein files, but Trump at least ran on it. So theoretically, all the things that MAGA stood for and that were supposed to be America first, that's what Thomas Massey actually stands for. Massey's positions haven't changed. In 20 years. Trump is the one that's foot-flopped on Epstein, and that was the, the big issue that it really pissed Trump off again. So let's look at this tweet here, because— and I'm not going to go back to Trump's interview where he— I didn't pull up that video where he was saying he was going to release the Epstein files, he's going to release the JFK files, he's going to release the MLK files. But what I will show you is, because we all know Trump stood against the Epstein class, quote unquote, it ended up being a lie and he ended up flip-flopping. But let's show, let's show you the flip-flop. Here is what Trump posted on Truth Social in July of 2025, and I'm just going to read some parts of it here because it's long. It starts off with, the radical left Democrats have hit pay dirt again, just like with the fake and fully discredited Steele dossier, the lying 51 intelligence agents, the laptop from hell which Democrats swore had come from Russia and it wasn't— it was the— and then the Russia hoax itself. So he, he starts off with all these actual conspiracies against him. By the way, he's never prosecuted anybody for those conspiracies. There are— all 51 of those people should be in jail that signed off and interfered in our election saying that that was Russian disinformation, which it wasn't. But he decided not to prosecute any of them. Everything with the Russia hoax, all those people involved should be in jail. Those were real conspiracies against Donald Trump, and he rightfully names all those off. But then he tries to link the Epstein hoax. So then he continues, their new scam is what we will forever call the Jeffrey Epstein hoax. We're not gonna forever call it the Jeffrey Epstein hoax, of course, because it's not a fucking hoax. But, uh, he continues, and my past— past in all caps— supporters have bought into this bullshit hook, line, and sinker. They haven't learned their lesson, and they probably never will. So there you go. If you believe in the Epstein hoax, you are what he considers a past supporter. But in case that was too ambiguous, he then continues, let these weaklings continue forward and do the Democrats' work. Don't even think about talking of our incredible and unprecedented success because I don't want their support anymore. So there you go. If you believe in the Epstein hoax, you're a past supporter, and you— Donald Trump doesn't want your support anymore, probably because he doesn't need to run for election again. But it's just a thought. To compare that to Thomas Massie, who has been for exposing the Epstein rape ring from the beginning, released again 3 million files because Thomas Massie outmaneuvered Donald Trump and the Republican Party. It's the only reason all those were released. Donald Trump has now turned on Thomas Massie yet again, despite Massie being more America First than Donald Trump now will ever be because of the Iran War and all the funding he's been given to Ukraine and Israel. Donald Trump's America First bona fides are now Completely destroyed. Thomas Massie still looking good though. And that's why Trump is going to team up with Miriam Adelson to make sure that they do their best to destroy Thomas Massie's chances of getting reelected. And again, I think it's just worth reflecting on. It's insane that Thomas Massie is one of the most conservative congressmen is going to be primaried, or at least they're going to try to primary him. But by his own party, that almost never happens in a deep red district like Kentucky 4. So that's how you know something screwy is going on. If you want to listen to Massey talk about it in his own words for 2 and a half hours, go listen to him with Tucker. He lays it all out even better, you know, than I ever could, obviously, because it's a firsthand account of what exactly they're doing to him, why the swamp's coming after him. I don't think I quoted this guy yet. What one of the— the guy in charge of MAGA Kentucky, this PAC run by Miriam Adelson, run by Chris LaCivita, who told the Washington Examiner that Massey has become a DC insider and forgotten his roots, which of course is just a bold-faced lie. He also called Thomas Massey a piece of human trash and all, you know, he's a completely shameless liar, this Chris guy. But to accuse Massey of being a DC insider when Massie is hated by all the DC insiders. Like, come on. Thomas Massie said in— to Tucker Carlson, his average donation size is $94. Doesn't really sound like a DC insider there, whereas his opponent is getting millions and millions of dollars from billionaires. Thomas Massie's not really got a lot of billionaires on his side, and that should really tell you All you need to know. So Thomas Massie, again, we know who hates him. We know it's Trump. We know it's AIPAC. We know it's billionaires. So why the hell else, if you lived in Kentucky 4, why would you vote for him? Aside from him being, you know, from Kentucky's 4th District, having roots there, his house is there he built with his own hands, which is kind of cool listening to him talk about that. He's an MIT engineer. So he's a smart guy who knows how to work with his hands, but he has never voted to expand the federal government. Again, reason that deep state billionaires don't like him. He gets an A+ from FreedomWorks, from the Club for Growth, Gun Owners of America, the National Taxpayers Union, the NRA, Pro-Life Kentucky, etc. Any conservative group is going to rate Thomas Massie an A+. On whatever specialty issue they have. He has a fantastic voting record. He's probably the most, uh, pro-Second Amendment congressman there is too. He introduces a bill in every Congress to institute national constitutional carry. It always fails because Republicans will not support it. Those are the type of Republicans we should actually be primarying, not Thomas Massie. He pushes to audit the Fed, which has never been done before. And again, we have past episodes on this, but you can The Fed is the reason that the Congress is able to cheaply finance all the debt and really blow up our inflation. And, um, I would say commit us to a level of debt we will never be able to pay off while being able to hide the current effects. That, that's what the Fed is for. That's the deep state's big secret. So he knows that he's looking to audit the Fed, open up their books. They of course resist. Republicans won't support that either. And his biggest crime is he's anti-war. He's never voted for a war. He always tries to push, uh, for the War Powers Resolutions to stop presidents from going to war beyond their constitutionally allocated 60 days, which again, all presidents have done, but is not an excuse. You hear Donald Trump like, well, you know, Congress hasn't approved a war, declared war since World War II, so, uh, 'You know, Donald Trump can do it too.' No, that's bullshit. We voted in Donald Trump as an outsider populist because we hate all the past presidents and what they've done to our country is complete bullshit and we want it to end. We didn't vote for him to become one of them and use their past bad behavior as a precedent to do his own bad behavior. That's exactly the opposite of why people voted for Donald Trump. Yet his supporters will still stand there and go, 'Well, you know, Obama did it and Biden is like—' Yeah, fuck Obama. Fuck Biden. That's why we hate them. And, and the Constitution is so clear. Congress has to declare war. It doesn't say Congress has to declare war unless 6 presidents before you haven't, then, you know, go ahead and do whatever you want. Now, Donald Trump had a chance to start another great— first of all, he just shouldn't have got us into the war to begin with. But if he was going to, he could have gone to Congress, gotten the declaration of war, and started a trend of actually following the Constitution. Constitution, which would have been much better. That's what Thomas Massey stands for, is an actual man of the Constitution. And it's sad that he gets really beat up over it when we should all be standing by that and say, hey, the Constitution is the law of the land and we should all be obeying it. And governments that don't obey are illegitimate. So that's kind of its own reason to be doing it, which our government has proven they've been illegitimate for a long time. But just another exhibit for that case that is exceptionally easy to make. But the whole point of this episode is that Thomas Massie does a lot for this country, not just for the people of Kentucky or Kentucky's 4th District. So if you, if you don't live in the district and can't vote for him, you can still send money to his campaign. He's got a website called massiemoneybomb.com. We'll throw the URL in the description. You guys can go donate. Again, the average donation's like $90 So, uh, his election's coming up. So if you got the money, go donate it to him. People from outside his district are sending in millions and millions of dollars, so anything is going to help his campaign, and it goes to helping all of us. If you live in California, you want Thomas Massie elected because him being there means we have a chance to get the Epstein files. It means we have a chance to stand against these stupid wars. The Federal Reserve, all these great issues that Thomas Massie stands alone for. I'm sorry, you may love your local Republican congressman. He's not as good as Thomas Massie. He's still going to rubber stamp, you know, a lot of Trump's ridiculous projects he's got going on. They're still going to take money from Miriam Adelson. Thomas Massie is the best congressman we have, and every Republican in America hopefully will donate to him and make sure that they can't take him out. Because if, if AIPAC can and the deep state can take out Thomas Massie, that's going to be a huge warning to all the other congressmen that you better not get out of line. We're never going to see the rest of the Epstein files or anything. We're never going to have another, uh, Republican congressman who is really going to take those hard-right stances we need them to take if Thomas Massie is primaried here. So I think there are a lot of congressmen that are secretly watching this race hoping Thomas Massie wins because they're going to be ready to take that step to the right too if he does and proves that the neocons and the deep state and the Israel lobby aren't going to be able to force congressmen to toe the line anymore. So again, the thing is massiemoneybomb.com. Go donate what you can. Let's make sure he wins. Cross your fingers. Because we, we really need him. He's an American hero and a patriot. Best congressman we have. So that's an episode, guys. See ya.
