# Squatter sics attack dog on Landlord and faces zero consequences

**Show:** 790 KABC
**Date Published:** 2026-05-19
**Date Found:** 2026-05-20
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/squatter-sics-attack-dog-on-landlord-and-faces-zero-consequences?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Adam Miller (guest)
**Duration:** 43 minutes

## Summary

This 43-minute episode of 790 KABC mentions Adam Miller.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Adam Miller, 790 KABC

## Key Moment

> "In San Francisco, the city is definitely on the upswing, except if you live in the Mission, then it is definitely on the downswing. Because the crackdown on the open-air drug market in the Tenderloin pushed it to Soma. The crackdown on the open-air drug market in Soma pushed it to the Mission. So what happens next? They crack down on the open-air drug market in the Mission, and then it goes to the Castro, and we just keep pushing it westward? It's unfortunate that we can't just shut this all down entirely. I really like the surge strategy at the beginning of Lurie's term. Get a whole bunch of police in there at these open-air drug markets and find all the people that have outstanding warrants. And for Christ's sake, can we deport the Hondos? Why, oh why, oh why is San Francisco sanctuary city law set up in a way where you can arrest a Honduran illegal immigrant fentanyl dealer and you cannot turn him over to be deported? That seems like it is super counterintuitive. Now, Daniel Lurie is having a bit of a victory lap this week. He was in a poll showing that he is the most popular mayor in the country, which compared to most mayors I can see. But he's a big cheerleader for San Francisco. He's always on his socials trying a new restaurant. He, you know, he is a great cheerleader for the city. There are criticisms of his approach to homelessness with issues like the Mission, but for the most part, he seems to be doing a pretty good job. Could he be doing a better job? Yes. No neighborhood should have to deal with what the Tenderloin, SoMa, and Mission are dealing with, but at least the other neighborhoods are looking real nice. North Beach is gorgeous. Uh, anyway, Daniel Lurie sat down with KTVU, so there's a good interview there. And in neighboring San Jose, They're almost done clearing out the most notorious homeless encampment in San Jose known as the Jungle. And some residents of the Jungle are speaking out and they're upset because they said, we were promised housing and we didn't get it. I just get a little irritated with how so many people claim that they're on the streets, not because of drugs or mental illness, just because economic times are really rough and it's, it's hard to make a living, then why are you living in San Jose? Why wouldn't you go somewhere cheaper? Go to Solano County. Like, what in the world is keeping you in San Jose if you cannot afford to live there? Which is why it's very hard for me to believe that there are just tons and tons of people working out of their cars. I don't know, maybe there are. Now, two measures that are going to be voted on in San Francisco, they're getting a lot of attention, are Measure C and Measure D. Both of them, the mayor says, don't vote for. One of them is the overpaid CEO tax, which doesn't tax overpaid CEOs, it taxes any business with a CEO that has 100 times the salary of their average employee, which I get to imagine is quite a few CEOs. But where's that money going to go? Nobody knows. In Sacramento, Gavin Newsom's budget proposal is once again sparking outrage from the activist group. They don't like all these cuts to Medi-Cal for people in the country illegally. And to be clear, the cuts that Gavin made were they are not allowing any new people to enter the program because we can't afford it. And starting in 2027, people in the country illegally on Medi-Cal will have to pay a premium of $50 a month. And no, no, no, no, no, that's not fair. That's what's being said. And there's not really a solution as to how we would pay for it if we continued to just expand this program. But many of the people running for governor think that's exactly what we should do. And in San Diego, a small but sure sign of hope. Rents have dipped slightly in San Diego. Very slightly. Like a couple of bucks. And that is because San Diego is building more apartments than anywhere else. Now, some of the apartments that they're building, including the one that Todd Gloria did a victory lap around, are apartments that go for $4,000 for a single bedroom. But apparently they've built enough that the average median rent has gone down just a tiny bit. But the question that I have is, so how much do you have to build to actually get rents down 20%, 30%? And is there a magic number? Like, at what point do you start to see the fruits of your labor when it comes to all of this building and the accessory dwelling unit and the density bonus laws where we don't have to build parking spaces and everything else that San Diego has said yes to. At what point do you see a real noticeable difference in rents? Or maybe you won't. I mean, you look at Austin, which had a big boom during COVID when a lot of tech people went out to Texas and they started building, building, building, building, building, and things got really expensive, a lot more expensive than it used to be in Austin. The whole point was Texas was getting cheap. Well, at some point, a lot of business leaders in the Bay said, you know what? Screw that. No more remote working. You need to come back from Austin. So a lot of people from Austin went back to the Bay Area, what have you. And now rents are down 20%. But is that because they built a lot or is it because they built a lot and demand went down? Because a lot of people experienced their first couple of summers in Austin and said, hell no. I know people like to joke about the silliness of the weather tax, but these humid states where it's 100 degrees at midnight, like, how much would you pay to not have to deal with that? And once again, another update on the Tijuana River crisis as emergency sewer repairs have been completed on yet another broken pipe that was leaking raw sewage into the Tijuana River Valley. I don't know why our state elected leaders just ignore this issue. And if they claim it's a federal government issue, then why don't you go after the federal government, Gavin, for ignoring this issue? But of course, this is one of these things where federal governments of both parties of several administrations have not done a damn thing about this. In the LA mayor's race, I posted a whole lot of interviews that took place over the weekend, including Karen Bass sitting down with ABC7 where she wanted to defend her comments that she made about how One of the things we have to do for the homeless is because they've rotted out their teeth with meth, we need to get them all new teeth. And apparently that is something that is covered under Medi-Cal. So why is Medi-Cal getting so expensive? Well, you get free meth teeths. Interview did not go very well. Another interview that did not go very well, Ray Huang, No relation. She is running for LA mayor. She's running to the left of Nithya Raman. She is the full-blown socialist candidate. And having her sit down and explain how abolish the police works to Conan Nolan is awkward. But I don't think she actually has a chance. It looks like she's polling in the 2 or 3%, which I guess is good. It shows that at least the people paying attention They don't want to go that far. Maybe, just maybe, that says something about these races that we're going to see with the DSA candidates, whether it be Hugo Soto Martinez or Eunisses Hernandez. After 4 years of the crap that we've put up from those people, are they really going to get reelected, or is there really some movement in those races? There really hasn't been any polling, but voting can happen now. I know only 3% of people in the city of LA have voted so far, And no, I haven't voted yet either. Gonna do it this week. It's a whole thing. 'Cause if I was just me, I'd have it done and put it in the box. But you know, I gotta sit down with the wife. I gotta explain to her what the races are, what's going on here. She's very busy. She's like a lot of people in LA. They don't have time for politics. So I'm the person that will explain it, figure out where we were gonna go in all these little tiny offices, like community college board district, and then we will put that ballot in the drop box. Adam Miller also running for mayor, but He's polling in 4th pretty much everywhere. I know he's spending a lot of money and his argument is Karen Bass is terrible. Nithya Raman is terrible. I feel bad for Spencer Pratt, but he has no experience. And all right, there are some questions about Adam Miller, specifically the fact that one of his nonprofits, Better Angels, got some of that fire aid money. And I'd love to know where that money went. Exactly. Maybe it went to the— maybe that was the one nonprofit that was doing the right thing. But I'd love to learn that. In the governor's race, I've got an interview from Matt Mahan, who is still polling in 4th or 5th place. It's just not resonating. And he seems like a really common sense guy, although there are some issues that I have with Matt Mahan. Notably, Matt Mahan on the debate stage, on the campaign trail, loves to tout that under his leadership, San Jose became the safest big city in America. And I'm sure San Jose is a very safe city. But the problem that I have is the study that Matt Mahan uses to tout that San Jose is the safest big city in the United States said that LA was number 2. And so that's how you know that study is nonsense. Katie Porter sat down with ABC 7 in the Bay, so of course we had to play that on the John Phillips Show because Johnny's a little obsessed. And once again, another burglary story in Los Angeles. At least this time it wasn't in the Valley. And wild story out of KPIX as 3 men in Tennessee came to California. There's gold in them thar hills, except it was Crypto. These guys were scouring social media to find either the owners of different crypto platforms or crypto coins or crypto influencers that were flaunting their wealth online, and then they tried to kidnap them by dressing up as the UPS guy, dressing up as the DoorDash guy, dressing up as the postman. They may be spending life in federal prison after that. That's what I've got for you in today's California Report, my daily rundown of all the stories that I found interesting. I start with like 30, and then I whittle it down to like 15 to 20. But these are worth your time. And if there's any story that you want to learn more about, well, it's very easy. If you want to know more about the squatter story, you can go to randywangradio.substack.com during this commercial break, and you can watch it, you can share it with your friends, your family, your social circle. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I've had my Solaire infrared grill for over a year now, and it does the best job on steak, sausages, chicken, veggies, shrimp. This thing is great. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes for that perfect hot and fast cook. Great sear on the outside, everything stays juicy on the inside. Check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Go to the website besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy."
> — Speaker A at 07:22
> *Adam Miller was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [07:22] Speaker A: "In San Francisco, the city is definitely on the upswing, except if you live in the Mission, then it is definitely on the downswing. Because the crackdown on the open-air drug market in the Tenderloin pushed it to Soma. The crackdown on the open-air drug market in Soma pushed it to the Mission. So what happens next? They crack down on the open-air drug market in the Mission, and then it goes to the Castro, and we just keep pushing it westward? It's unfortunate that we can't just shut this all down entirely. I really like the surge strategy at the beginning of Lurie's term. Get a whole bunch of police in there at these open-air drug markets and find all the people that have outstanding warrants. And for Christ's sake, can we deport the Hondos? Why, oh why, oh why is San Francisco sanctuary city law set up in a way where you can arrest a Honduran illegal immigrant fentanyl dealer and you cannot turn him over to be deported? That seems like it is super counterintuitive. Now, Daniel Lurie is having a bit of a victory lap this week. He was in a poll showing that he is the most popular mayor in the country, which compared to most mayors I can see. But he's a big cheerleader for San Francisco. He's always on his socials trying a new restaurant. He, you know, he is a great cheerleader for the city. There are criticisms of his approach to homelessness with issues like the Mission, but for the most part, he seems to be doing a pretty good job. Could he be doing a better job? Yes. No neighborhood should have to deal with what the Tenderloin, SoMa, and Mission are dealing with, but at least the other neighborhoods are looking real nice. North Beach is gorgeous. Uh, anyway, Daniel Lurie sat down with KTVU, so there's a good interview there. And in neighboring San Jose, They're almost done clearing out the most notorious homeless encampment in San Jose known as the Jungle. And some residents of the Jungle are speaking out and they're upset because they said, we were promised housing and we didn't get it. I just get a little irritated with how so many people claim that they're on the streets, not because of drugs or mental illness, just because economic times are really rough and it's, it's hard to make a living, then why are you living in San Jose? Why wouldn't you go somewhere cheaper? Go to Solano County. Like, what in the world is keeping you in San Jose if you cannot afford to live there? Which is why it's very hard for me to believe that there are just tons and tons of people working out of their cars. I don't know, maybe there are. Now, two measures that are going to be voted on in San Francisco, they're getting a lot of attention, are Measure C and Measure D. Both of them, the mayor says, don't vote for. One of them is the overpaid CEO tax, which doesn't tax overpaid CEOs, it taxes any business with a CEO that has 100 times the salary of their average employee, which I get to imagine is quite a few CEOs. But where's that money going to go? Nobody knows. In Sacramento, Gavin Newsom's budget proposal is once again sparking outrage from the activist group. They don't like all these cuts to Medi-Cal for people in the country illegally. And to be clear, the cuts that Gavin made were they are not allowing any new people to enter the program because we can't afford it. And starting in 2027, people in the country illegally on Medi-Cal will have to pay a premium of $50 a month. And no, no, no, no, no, that's not fair. That's what's being said. And there's not really a solution as to how we would pay for it if we continued to just expand this program. But many of the people running for governor think that's exactly what we should do. And in San Diego, a small but sure sign of hope. Rents have dipped slightly in San Diego. Very slightly. Like a couple of bucks. And that is because San Diego is building more apartments than anywhere else. Now, some of the apartments that they're building, including the one that Todd Gloria did a victory lap around, are apartments that go for $4,000 for a single bedroom. But apparently they've built enough that the average median rent has gone down just a tiny bit. But the question that I have is, so how much do you have to build to actually get rents down 20%, 30%? And is there a magic number? Like, at what point do you start to see the fruits of your labor when it comes to all of this building and the accessory dwelling unit and the density bonus laws where we don't have to build parking spaces and everything else that San Diego has said yes to. At what point do you see a real noticeable difference in rents? Or maybe you won't. I mean, you look at Austin, which had a big boom during COVID when a lot of tech people went out to Texas and they started building, building, building, building, building, and things got really expensive, a lot more expensive than it used to be in Austin. The whole point was Texas was getting cheap. Well, at some point, a lot of business leaders in the Bay said, you know what? Screw that. No more remote working. You need to come back from Austin. So a lot of people from Austin went back to the Bay Area, what have you. And now rents are down 20%. But is that because they built a lot or is it because they built a lot and demand went down? Because a lot of people experienced their first couple of summers in Austin and said, hell no. I know people like to joke about the silliness of the weather tax, but these humid states where it's 100 degrees at midnight, like, how much would you pay to not have to deal with that? And once again, another update on the Tijuana River crisis as emergency sewer repairs have been completed on yet another broken pipe that was leaking raw sewage into the Tijuana River Valley. I don't know why our state elected leaders just ignore this issue. And if they claim it's a federal government issue, then why don't you go after the federal government, Gavin, for ignoring this issue? But of course, this is one of these things where federal governments of both parties of several administrations have not done a damn thing about this. In the LA mayor's race, I posted a whole lot of interviews that took place over the weekend, including Karen Bass sitting down with ABC7 where she wanted to defend her comments that she made about how One of the things we have to do for the homeless is because they've rotted out their teeth with meth, we need to get them all new teeth. And apparently that is something that is covered under Medi-Cal. So why is Medi-Cal getting so expensive? Well, you get free meth teeths. Interview did not go very well. Another interview that did not go very well, Ray Huang, No relation. She is running for LA mayor. She's running to the left of Nithya Raman. She is the full-blown socialist candidate. And having her sit down and explain how abolish the police works to Conan Nolan is awkward. But I don't think she actually has a chance. It looks like she's polling in the 2 or 3%, which I guess is good. It shows that at least the people paying attention They don't want to go that far. Maybe, just maybe, that says something about these races that we're going to see with the DSA candidates, whether it be Hugo Soto Martinez or Eunisses Hernandez. After 4 years of the crap that we've put up from those people, are they really going to get reelected, or is there really some movement in those races? There really hasn't been any polling, but voting can happen now. I know only 3% of people in the city of LA have voted so far, And no, I haven't voted yet either. Gonna do it this week. It's a whole thing. 'Cause if I was just me, I'd have it done and put it in the box. But you know, I gotta sit down with the wife. I gotta explain to her what the races are, what's going on here. She's very busy. She's like a lot of people in LA. They don't have time for politics. So I'm the person that will explain it, figure out where we were gonna go in all these little tiny offices, like community college board district, and then we will put that ballot in the drop box. Adam Miller also running for mayor, but He's polling in 4th pretty much everywhere. I know he's spending a lot of money and his argument is Karen Bass is terrible. Nithya Raman is terrible. I feel bad for Spencer Pratt, but he has no experience. And all right, there are some questions about Adam Miller, specifically the fact that one of his nonprofits, Better Angels, got some of that fire aid money. And I'd love to know where that money went. Exactly. Maybe it went to the— maybe that was the one nonprofit that was doing the right thing. But I'd love to learn that. In the governor's race, I've got an interview from Matt Mahan, who is still polling in 4th or 5th place. It's just not resonating. And he seems like a really common sense guy, although there are some issues that I have with Matt Mahan. Notably, Matt Mahan on the debate stage, on the campaign trail, loves to tout that under his leadership, San Jose became the safest big city in America. And I'm sure San Jose is a very safe city. But the problem that I have is the study that Matt Mahan uses to tout that San Jose is the safest big city in the United States said that LA was number 2. And so that's how you know that study is nonsense. Katie Porter sat down with ABC 7 in the Bay, so of course we had to play that on the John Phillips Show because Johnny's a little obsessed. And once again, another burglary story in Los Angeles. At least this time it wasn't in the Valley. And wild story out of KPIX as 3 men in Tennessee came to California. There's gold in them thar hills, except it was Crypto. These guys were scouring social media to find either the owners of different crypto platforms or crypto coins or crypto influencers that were flaunting their wealth online, and then they tried to kidnap them by dressing up as the UPS guy, dressing up as the DoorDash guy, dressing up as the postman. They may be spending life in federal prison after that. That's what I've got for you in today's California Report, my daily rundown of all the stories that I found interesting. I start with like 30, and then I whittle it down to like 15 to 20. But these are worth your time. And if there's any story that you want to learn more about, well, it's very easy. If you want to know more about the squatter story, you can go to randywangradio.substack.com during this commercial break, and you can watch it, you can share it with your friends, your family, your social circle. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I've had my Solaire infrared grill for over a year now, and it does the best job on steak, sausages, chicken, veggies, shrimp. This thing is great. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes for that perfect hot and fast cook. Great sear on the outside, everything stays juicy on the inside. Check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Go to the website besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I've had my Solaire infrared grill for over a year now, and it does the best job on steak, sausages, chicken, veggies, shrimp. This thing is great. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes for that perfect hot and fast cook. Great sear on the outside, everything stays juicy on the inside. Check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Go to the website besthotgrill.com/randy. That's best hot grill. .com/randy. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything going on in the state of California, and I memorialize it every single day with my Substack. randywangradio.substack.com is where I post the California Report, all the stories in Southern California, the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley that you may have missed that you might want to check out at randywangradio.substack.com. Now Now before we get into the California report, we do want to address the Sandy Fire that has burned more than 800 acres in Simi Valley. There are still mandatory evacuation zones. There are also voluntary evacuation zones. The winds are changing. It is looking like they're throwing everything they can with this thing. There is air support. It seems that Ventura County Fire has got— is doing everything they can with this thing, but anytime you have a fire On a windy day, it gets real scary. So we'll keep you up to date on what's going on with the Sandy Fire, and we'll have updates on the top of the hour and bottom of the hour news all day long. So our thoughts and our prayers are with all of the brave people fighting that fire going on in Simi Valley. Now, once again, we have a squatter story, and it might be the most infuriating one yet. NBC4 has quite the story here of a landlord that was trying to move into his own rental property. He wanted to move into one of the units, and what he found out from his tenants is that there was a crazy guy living in the yard in his own little shack. And the crazy guy who's been squatting on the property, living in his own shack, has an attack dog. And the attack dog was sicked on the landlord. The landlord got attacked by the attack dog, but because this is a squatting situation and California cares so much about tenants' rights, the squatter's not getting in trouble, the dog's not getting in trouble, the fact that this guy is living in an illegal dwelling, none of it matters. And it's just another situation where the city is completely useless in dealing with a problem that is happening all the time. How much vacant squatter property is out there? Because it seems like this is happening all the time. Now, in MacArthur Park, the drug crisis is getting so bad they actually had to remove benches, bus benches, because, well, The homeless drug addicts at MacArthur Park were using the benches to sleep and do drugs. That's not allowed. That's safe. So instead of cleaning up the drug problem, which I guess we can't do, we just took away the benches. Meanwhile, in East Hollywood, a tiny home village is being constructed and everyone who lives around it is pretty scared because they know what comes through when you have these housing first situations where people are being put in these shelters in neighborhoods, 'cause of course we can't centralize the problem and put it somewhere safe, and they are still doing drugs, they are still mentally ill, and sometimes they still start fires. And finally, in Southern California, if you know one thing about me, you know that I try to use Amazon as little as possible. It is like the, shopping of last resort. And I have really tried to decouple from Amazon because sometimes you don't know what you're getting. I also don't really support the fact that you can buy things on Amazon like Wi-Fi jammers and things that people use to commit crimes. I don't like that they look the other way when people are selling stolen goods on Amazon. But this might be the strangest one I have ever seen. And of all the stories that you might want to check out at randywangradio.substack.com. It might be this one. A family had a death in their family and they decided that their grandfather was going to be cremated. And instead of getting an urn from the funeral home or the crematorium, they ordered urns from Amazon. And when the urns came to their house, they came with ashes already in them. Whose ashes? Nobody knows. And in typical Amazon customer service fashion, the answer to this morbid discovery was, how about a $20 gift card? This is when the family reached out to ABC7 ABC7 has been going back and forth with Amazon. Nobody knows who the third-party seller is that sold the urn that already had ashes, where the ashes came from, but they are now going to look into it and have stricter standards because this could be somebody shipping human remains. That being said, the real moral of this story is who's buying an urn on Amazon. When you shop exclusively for price, this is the kind of nonsense that can happen. Don't buy an urn on Amazon. There is a developing story coming out of Oakland where the Oakland City Administrator, Justin Johnson— that's Justin, not Johnson, not Justin, Justin— the guy appointed to run the city by then-Mayor Sheng Tao.

[06:30] **Speaker B:** Absolutely, absolutely.

[06:31] **Speaker A:** Who was done by now-Mayor Barbara Lee, is resigning after a whole bunch of text messages are coming out of him— how can we say this, like, nicely— uh, constantly commenting on the physique of his colleagues about how much he wants to nail a bunch of them. It is fascinating. And in Oakland, the city administrator, because of the charter, has a lot of power. They're pretty much the one that says Okay, we'll send out the sanitation crew to clean up the illegal dump garbage. And so this guy leaving is a big change in the city of Oakland. And I'm just wondering, as we start to see discovery with some of these text messages, I wonder what he was saying about Shangyi behind her back. I just wonder.

[07:20] **Speaker C:** That's right.

[07:21] **Speaker B:** I like that. That was amazing.

[07:22] **Speaker A:** In San Francisco, the city is definitely on the upswing, except if you live in the Mission, then it is definitely on the downswing. Because the crackdown on the open-air drug market in the Tenderloin pushed it to Soma. The crackdown on the open-air drug market in Soma pushed it to the Mission. So what happens next? They crack down on the open-air drug market in the Mission, and then it goes to the Castro, and we just keep pushing it westward? It's unfortunate that we can't just shut this all down entirely. I really like the surge strategy at the beginning of Lurie's term. Get a whole bunch of police in there at these open-air drug markets and find all the people that have outstanding warrants. And for Christ's sake, can we deport the Hondos? Why, oh why, oh why is San Francisco sanctuary city law set up in a way where you can arrest a Honduran illegal immigrant fentanyl dealer and you cannot turn him over to be deported? That seems like it is super counterintuitive. Now, Daniel Lurie is having a bit of a victory lap this week. He was in a poll showing that he is the most popular mayor in the country, which compared to most mayors I can see. But he's a big cheerleader for San Francisco. He's always on his socials trying a new restaurant. He, you know, he is a great cheerleader for the city. There are criticisms of his approach to homelessness with issues like the Mission, but for the most part, he seems to be doing a pretty good job. Could he be doing a better job? Yes. No neighborhood should have to deal with what the Tenderloin, SoMa, and Mission are dealing with, but at least the other neighborhoods are looking real nice. North Beach is gorgeous. Uh, anyway, Daniel Lurie sat down with KTVU, so there's a good interview there. And in neighboring San Jose, They're almost done clearing out the most notorious homeless encampment in San Jose known as the Jungle. And some residents of the Jungle are speaking out and they're upset because they said, we were promised housing and we didn't get it. I just get a little irritated with how so many people claim that they're on the streets, not because of drugs or mental illness, just because economic times are really rough and it's, it's hard to make a living, then why are you living in San Jose? Why wouldn't you go somewhere cheaper? Go to Solano County. Like, what in the world is keeping you in San Jose if you cannot afford to live there? Which is why it's very hard for me to believe that there are just tons and tons of people working out of their cars. I don't know, maybe there are. Now, two measures that are going to be voted on in San Francisco, they're getting a lot of attention, are Measure C and Measure D. Both of them, the mayor says, don't vote for. One of them is the overpaid CEO tax, which doesn't tax overpaid CEOs, it taxes any business with a CEO that has 100 times the salary of their average employee, which I get to imagine is quite a few CEOs. But where's that money going to go? Nobody knows. In Sacramento, Gavin Newsom's budget proposal is once again sparking outrage from the activist group. They don't like all these cuts to Medi-Cal for people in the country illegally. And to be clear, the cuts that Gavin made were they are not allowing any new people to enter the program because we can't afford it. And starting in 2027, people in the country illegally on Medi-Cal will have to pay a premium of $50 a month. And no, no, no, no, no, that's not fair. That's what's being said. And there's not really a solution as to how we would pay for it if we continued to just expand this program. But many of the people running for governor think that's exactly what we should do. And in San Diego, a small but sure sign of hope. Rents have dipped slightly in San Diego. Very slightly. Like a couple of bucks. And that is because San Diego is building more apartments than anywhere else. Now, some of the apartments that they're building, including the one that Todd Gloria did a victory lap around, are apartments that go for $4,000 for a single bedroom. But apparently they've built enough that the average median rent has gone down just a tiny bit. But the question that I have is, so how much do you have to build to actually get rents down 20%, 30%? And is there a magic number? Like, at what point do you start to see the fruits of your labor when it comes to all of this building and the accessory dwelling unit and the density bonus laws where we don't have to build parking spaces and everything else that San Diego has said yes to. At what point do you see a real noticeable difference in rents? Or maybe you won't. I mean, you look at Austin, which had a big boom during COVID when a lot of tech people went out to Texas and they started building, building, building, building, building, and things got really expensive, a lot more expensive than it used to be in Austin. The whole point was Texas was getting cheap. Well, at some point, a lot of business leaders in the Bay said, you know what? Screw that. No more remote working. You need to come back from Austin. So a lot of people from Austin went back to the Bay Area, what have you. And now rents are down 20%. But is that because they built a lot or is it because they built a lot and demand went down? Because a lot of people experienced their first couple of summers in Austin and said, hell no. I know people like to joke about the silliness of the weather tax, but these humid states where it's 100 degrees at midnight, like, how much would you pay to not have to deal with that? And once again, another update on the Tijuana River crisis as emergency sewer repairs have been completed on yet another broken pipe that was leaking raw sewage into the Tijuana River Valley. I don't know why our state elected leaders just ignore this issue. And if they claim it's a federal government issue, then why don't you go after the federal government, Gavin, for ignoring this issue? But of course, this is one of these things where federal governments of both parties of several administrations have not done a damn thing about this. In the LA mayor's race, I posted a whole lot of interviews that took place over the weekend, including Karen Bass sitting down with ABC7 where she wanted to defend her comments that she made about how One of the things we have to do for the homeless is because they've rotted out their teeth with meth, we need to get them all new teeth. And apparently that is something that is covered under Medi-Cal. So why is Medi-Cal getting so expensive? Well, you get free meth teeths. Interview did not go very well. Another interview that did not go very well, Ray Huang, No relation. She is running for LA mayor. She's running to the left of Nithya Raman. She is the full-blown socialist candidate. And having her sit down and explain how abolish the police works to Conan Nolan is awkward. But I don't think she actually has a chance. It looks like she's polling in the 2 or 3%, which I guess is good. It shows that at least the people paying attention They don't want to go that far. Maybe, just maybe, that says something about these races that we're going to see with the DSA candidates, whether it be Hugo Soto Martinez or Eunisses Hernandez. After 4 years of the crap that we've put up from those people, are they really going to get reelected, or is there really some movement in those races? There really hasn't been any polling, but voting can happen now. I know only 3% of people in the city of LA have voted so far, And no, I haven't voted yet either. Gonna do it this week. It's a whole thing. 'Cause if I was just me, I'd have it done and put it in the box. But you know, I gotta sit down with the wife. I gotta explain to her what the races are, what's going on here. She's very busy. She's like a lot of people in LA. They don't have time for politics. So I'm the person that will explain it, figure out where we were gonna go in all these little tiny offices, like community college board district, and then we will put that ballot in the drop box. Adam Miller also running for mayor, but He's polling in 4th pretty much everywhere. I know he's spending a lot of money and his argument is Karen Bass is terrible. Nithya Raman is terrible. I feel bad for Spencer Pratt, but he has no experience. And all right, there are some questions about Adam Miller, specifically the fact that one of his nonprofits, Better Angels, got some of that fire aid money. And I'd love to know where that money went. Exactly. Maybe it went to the— maybe that was the one nonprofit that was doing the right thing. But I'd love to learn that. In the governor's race, I've got an interview from Matt Mahan, who is still polling in 4th or 5th place. It's just not resonating. And he seems like a really common sense guy, although there are some issues that I have with Matt Mahan. Notably, Matt Mahan on the debate stage, on the campaign trail, loves to tout that under his leadership, San Jose became the safest big city in America. And I'm sure San Jose is a very safe city. But the problem that I have is the study that Matt Mahan uses to tout that San Jose is the safest big city in the United States said that LA was number 2. And so that's how you know that study is nonsense. Katie Porter sat down with ABC 7 in the Bay, so of course we had to play that on the John Phillips Show because Johnny's a little obsessed. And once again, another burglary story in Los Angeles. At least this time it wasn't in the Valley. And wild story out of KPIX as 3 men in Tennessee came to California. There's gold in them thar hills, except it was Crypto. These guys were scouring social media to find either the owners of different crypto platforms or crypto coins or crypto influencers that were flaunting their wealth online, and then they tried to kidnap them by dressing up as the UPS guy, dressing up as the DoorDash guy, dressing up as the postman. They may be spending life in federal prison after that. That's what I've got for you in today's California Report, my daily rundown of all the stories that I found interesting. I start with like 30, and then I whittle it down to like 15 to 20. But these are worth your time. And if there's any story that you want to learn more about, well, it's very easy. If you want to know more about the squatter story, you can go to randywangradio.substack.com during this commercial break, and you can watch it, you can share it with your friends, your family, your social circle. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I've had my Solaire infrared grill for over a year now, and it does the best job on steak, sausages, chicken, veggies, shrimp. This thing is great. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes for that perfect hot and fast cook. Great sear on the outside, everything stays juicy on the inside. Check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Go to the website besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[19:35] **Speaker C:** My name is Megan Klingenberg. I was a professional soccer player for over 10 years, and like most players, I gotta be honest, Let's be honest, I have some baggage when it comes to referees. I wanted to know, who are these refs? What kind of person gives up their weekend to call fouls and hand out cards? Why do they do it? So this time on the U.S. Soccer Podcast, I'm going to referee camp. The U.S. Soccer Podcast presented by Henkel. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.

[20:05] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. Last week I was filling in for John Phillips, and if you missed any of those 15 hours, we had a lot of fun. I covered a lot of different stories, you know, it was a great time. You can check it out by searching for The John Phillips Show wherever you get your podcasts, as well as searching for the KABC News Blitz wherever you get your podcasts. I think from me plugging the News Blitz on The John Phillips Show, I got quite a few new subscribers, not only to the Substack but also to the podcast. So we really appreciate that. And look, we have some really exciting things that are happening later this year. We want to make sure that you are up to date on all of it. So subscribe to the podcast, subscribe to the Substack, because when we have some really cool things to announce later this year, you want to be the first to know. Speaking of which, John Phillips and I are going to be broadcasting live on election night on KABC. KSFO, and KMJ in Fresno, all at the same time from 7 to 9 on Election Day. So from 7 to 9 PM on Election Day, we'll be there when the polls close at 8, and if there's any races that we can decide immediately who's winning, we'll tell you all about it. If there are races that are too close to call, we'll tell you all about it a month from now. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on talk radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything that you need to know that's going on in the state of California. If you want to check out what's on today's list, go to randywangradio.substack.com. That's randywangradio.substack.com for today's California report. Our next guest is running for lieutenant governor in the state of California. Her website is EB Lynch for California. That's EB e-i-e, LynchForCalifornia.com. EB Lynch, welcome to the News Blitz.

[22:09] **Speaker B:** Well, thank you for having me.

[22:12] **Speaker A:** So why don't we start off with a little introduction? First, tell us who you are and why you want to run for office.

[22:22] **Speaker B:** Well, okay, well, thank you so much. My name is EB Lynch. I'm running for California Lieutenant Governor. Uh, I'm running because I'm like Millions of other Californians who's just tired of the high gas prices, the promises made but not kept, um, of all of the things that are happening in our California that just don't represent the California that I grew up in and millions of other Californians grew up in. So I know that I have the resources within myself to be able to do a better job than the career politicians that we have right now.

[23:01] **Speaker A:** And, uh, for people that aren't aware, what exactly is the job of lieutenant governor?

[23:09] **Speaker B:** Well, I'm gonna make it as simple as possible because, you know, the lieutenant governor does a lot of great stuff. Um, he or she will sit on the boards of our UC systems, our Board of Regents, our CSU systems, would also sit on the Land Commission boards, so many different important boards. But I'm going to make it as simple, even the simplest way to explain it is the lieutenant governor is the voice and the bridge between the people and their needs and the legislature and the policies that they make.

[23:50] **Speaker A:** All right, that's pretty straightforward. So if you're looking at the state of California, what would you say is right now the state's most pressing problem? What do you think is the biggest issue that the state's not tackling?

[24:05] **Speaker B:** Well, you know what, I wish I could say that there was one biggest issue, but the reason that we're in the situation that we're in is because they're all on fire. Uh, we have the highest gas prices, the highest taxes, the highest homelessness. We— all of those issues are pressing, and we need somebody who has experience experience in all of it and can be able to build coalitions and draw from that experience so that we can work on all of them immediately.

[24:38] **Speaker A:** Well, let's start with gas prices. Obviously, California has the highest gas prices in the nation, even more expensive than the state of Hawaii, which is an island. We currently are importing a good portion of our gasoline from foreign countries, which means we're more directly affected by what's going on in Iran than other states. What would you want to see done to change California's gas price situation?

[25:04] **Speaker B:** Well, I believe that there are so many great ideas that are already circulating right now. What I think Californians need is lower gas prices, and I— and we can do that by taking away some of these ridiculous taxes that we have on our gas. We have taxes that just don't make sense. We have taxes for the taxes. That's what I say. And it's time for Californians to really have an audit of why we are being taxed so much, and then get rid of the ones that just don't make sense.

[25:38] **Speaker A:** Well, and when you look at specifically the gas prices, you're right, we have the gas tax, which goes up every single year with inflation, and it's around 61, 63 cents a gallon. You also have cap and trade, which they now call cap and invest. So part of the reason that it's so expensive to buy gasoline here is because we are spending a billion dollars a year of that fund that we take from the refiners to build the high-speed rail.

[26:06] **Speaker B:** Right. And I think people are tired of the fraud, waste, and abuse that is so prevalent right now in California. I've been saying it for years, you know, why are we the third, fourth, fifth, whatever largest economy in the world, and yet we have deficits? That doesn't make sense to me, and it doesn't make sense to a lot of other Californians. I mean, that's basic math. So we need to have some integrity in there, and we need to start doing audits that truly audit the system, and that's one of the things I'm going to make sure happens.

[26:46] **Speaker A:** I mean, to that point, the state of California's budget this year is around $350 billion a year. 7 years ago, when Gavin Newsom first took office, the budget was around $200 billion, and nobody could tell you where all that money is going and if any of it is being used effectively.

[27:06] **Speaker B:** Well, what, what I'm shocked about is the fact that so many people just accepted that Well, I'm not one of those. I don't think that somebody that is supposed to be responsible for the welfare of our funds should be— should ever be allowed to come to the people and say, "Well, I don't know where the money went." That means you don't know how to do your job. And in that case, you should be out. You should have been gone a long time ago. Anybody who can't give us an accounting of where our tax dollars are going and where they have gone, should not have the job.

[27:45] **Speaker A:** Well, and specifically when you're talking about taxpayer money and we don't know where it went, you got to look at the $20+ billion that we've spent on homelessness in the state of California in the last 5 years, and we don't really have any receipts for where any of this money has gone or who it has helped. Um, what is your overview of California's mission to end homelessness?

[28:10] **Speaker B:** I give it a D, if not an F. Why? Because I've worked— I have an organization that works directly with the homeless. I have a veterans organization that works with homeless vets. They are not seeing the money. We're talking about billions of dollars, billions of dollars, and instead of homelessness decreasing, it increased. That's never a good sign. So I am definitely giving our current administration a D, if not an F, when it comes to what they've done for homelessness. And it's not that hard. You have enough homeless, you count how many homeless you, you have, you go down and say, what do they need? You figure out the cost of that, and then you budget for that, and you deal with the actual issues. Not all of it is monetary. We have systems in place already to deal with quite a few of the issues that plague the homeless. Why aren't we tapping into those issues? Why do we need more money allocated for the same issue? So these are all questions that I've asked for years, and I got tired of asking the current administration and career politicians. I think we need more new blood in the legislature, and that's one of the reasons I'm here.

[29:38] **Speaker A:** What would you— how would you describe California's Housing First model? Do you think this is something we need to change? Is this something we need to stick with? What do you think about that?

[29:50] **Speaker B:** Well, I'm not exactly sure that the Housing First model is is being true to its, um, its creed, because right now our housing is so expensive. We have some of the highest rents in the nation. So even our young people are leaving our state because they just can't afford to live here. So if we're truly looking at having housing be first, well, then we have to look at all of the causes that are that are causing our rents to go up, our all housing to go up, not just rent, even to buy a house right now is astronomical. So we have to get rid of some of the red tape, if not the majority of the red tape, and make housing affordable again. I don't think that's what's happening right now. I think there are a small— there's a small group of people who are profiting off of our tax dollars, and we really need to do an audit of that.

[30:53] **Speaker A:** Well, I'm specifically— I'm asking about like when it comes to homelessness, like currently, you know, you look at an example of Housing First is what Mayor Karen Bass is doing in Los Angeles, where we're taking people that were in an encampment, putting them indefinitely in motel rooms without providing them drug treatment, mental health treatment. We've been doing this for quite some time. Uh, do you support that model, or you think that model needs to change?

[31:20] **Speaker B:** Well, it definitely needs to change because, like I said before, we have to look at the root cause of the issue. Not every homeless person is homeless because they just need a place to live. Yes, there's quite a few of them. However, there are individuals who have mental health issues that need to be addressed. There are individuals who have, um, other issues such as being able to manage money. You know, I'm never a proponent for one-size-fits-all government because none of us are all the same. Even in the same family, we are all different thinkers. So why do we have one solution for all of those individuals?

[32:01] **Speaker A:** We're speaking with E.B. Lynch. She's running for California lieutenant governor. You can check out her website and all of her policy positions at eblynchforcalifornia.com. Now, on housing, every single candidate running for governor every governor has talked about our need to build more housing. The current governor made a big plan to build 3 million housing units, has touted over 50 different reforms to CEQA, so many different, you know, permitting reforms, ADUs, SB 79, what have you. We've thrown everything we can at this problem and it hasn't really moved the needle. Where do you think What do you think is the biggest change that needs to happen for it actually to become cheaper and easier to build in California?

[32:48] **Speaker B:** Well, if you really want to know, it's because we have an integrity problem here in California. You can't keep throwing money at people who don't have— who have pockets with holes in them. So if you keep giving them more money, that money is going to continue to disappear. Wire into their own pockets, and their pockets never get full. So we have to have audits of the systems that are in place, find out what the root causes of these situations are, because people really don't look at that. As long as they're able to have a, a, an issue that they can come back to the legislature and say, I need money for this, they're never going to want to truly fix the problem. I'm not that person. I want to fix the problem because I'm tired of higher— the highest taxes in our nation. I'm tired of having schools that are underperforming. I'm tired of having, you know, being— not being able to fill up my tank all the way when I want to be able to just go, you know, downtown. It's ridiculous. And it's ridiculous because we have people in the legislature who don't fear the power of the people. We have to get the people to understand that we are the ones that have the, the power and, and really get the old legislatures out there. They've been there for a while. They haven't done what they've said they, they would do. It's time for new blood.

[34:25] **Speaker A:** E.B. Litch running for lieutenant governor. Um, have you endorsed in the governor's race? Uh, who do you like? Like in that?

[34:34] **Speaker B:** You know, I really— so I want to start that I give all credit to my Father above. I am not just a Christian, but a true believer. And saying that, I believe that God gave us the people the right to choose our leaders. So we have to take that into consideration. And I hold very much to that to that belief, to the point where I don't tell people who to vote for. I would rather people take the time to converse with their Lord above and make the decision, truly make the decision based on their values. So yes, there are people running right now that I would support, but it's not about me. We have to get back to the people deciding for themselves. There are way too many special interests that'll sway us in the wrong way. So do your homework, vote your conscience.

[35:33] **Speaker A:** The website is EBlynchforcalifornia.com. EB Lynch running for California Lieutenant Governor. Thanks so much for coming on with us.

[35:42] **Speaker B:** Thank you for having me.

[35:44] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I've had my Solaire Infrared Grill for over a year now, and it does the best job on steak, sausages, chicken, veggies, shrimp, This thing is great. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes for that perfect hot and fast cook. Great sear on the outside, everything stays juicy on the inside. Check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Go to the website besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. The Hammer Alley Podcast, an '80s flashback mockumentary. Modestly speaking, In 1987, we knew Hammer Alley was better than Def Leppard, White Lion, Glass Tiger, John Cougar, and other artists named after wildcats. How did they go from top of the rock to rock bottom? That band that won Battle of the Bands, Hammer Alley is as current as a bowling alley. Have you been in one of those lately? Hammer Alley, follow and listen on your favorite platform. Most people would rather attend a corporate team-building workshop than search for auto and home insurance.

[36:54] **Speaker B:** Go team! Feel that synergy!

[36:55] **Speaker A:** That's why the zebra searches for you, comparing over 100 insurance companies to find savings no one else can. Compare today at thezebra.com. Who's ready for the trust fall? It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. Let's get this out of the way. How about something nice for you for listening to this show? 790 KABC welcomes Sugar Ray with special guests The English Beat and Smash Mouth at the Pacific Amphitheater at the OC Fair, July 26th.

[37:25] **Speaker B:** 6th.

[37:26] **Speaker A:** Tickets are on sale now at pacamp.com, but right now, caller number 9 at 1-888-790-5222 gets a pair of tickets to the show. All concert tickets include admission to the OC Fair. Tickets furnished by the Pacific Amphitheater. Good luck dialing. When it comes to the box office, it was a great weekend for movies that were already out. As once again, Michael: The Michael Jackson Biopic is at the top of the charts. It has grossed domestically $282 million. It is still doing very well. When it comes out on streaming, I will definitely see it. Definitely curious. Although I saw the stage show, the one that was at the Pantages, and really, really, really enjoyed that. But we'll see. You know, it, uh, I'm sure it's a heck of a lot of fun. In second place, The Devil Wears Prada 2 at $17 million. The new movie Obsession netted about $17 million. In fourth place, Mortal Kombat 2. That one's not doing well at all. In fifth place, The Sheep Detectives. In sixth, The Super Mario Galaxy Movie. When's that come out on streaming? That one is at at $418 million domestic. Worldwide, I'm sure it is getting close to a bill. Project Hail Mary sticking around in 7th place. That one has been around for quite a while now. It's been on the— it's been on the top 10 for 9 weeks. In 8th place, the Top Gun— Top Gun: Maverick re-release duality. That's right, for 4 hours you can watch Top Gun and the Top Gun sequel and, uh, Well, quite a few people did that. It made $3 million to see old movies. So that's probably a lot of fun. And I'm sure people dress up as Iceman in the Gray in 9th place and Is God Is in 10th. Now, my wife and I came up with a really, really, really good idea this weekend, and I got to tell you all about it. So in my wine life, there's been a little bit of panic. See, we really love our Cal Italian blends from Foxen. We're members at Foxen, and they make these two Italian blends that go with everything if you're eating Italian food. And we eat a lot of Italian food in this house, whether it's pizza nights, whether it's pasta nights, what have you. So they have something called the Guillermo Grosso, which is a Sangiovese and Cab blend, and they have a Volpino, which is a Sangiovese and Merlot blend. And we found out the last time that we were at Foxen, they are not going to be sourcing the Sangiovese grapes anymore after the next year. So that means that our Sangio blends, our Cal-Italian blends, are going away. So what are we going to do? Well, we could go get the Sangioveses from Section Wines, Marco Lucchesi. He's great. But I was like, you know what we realized here? Because we used to go, and every once in a while we'll go to Total Wine and we'll get some Italians, and we would be like Brunello purists, where it's got to be 100% Sangiovese, it's got to be in the Brunello region. And what we realized is, wait, why are we doing that? Because our favorites on the Cal-Italians are never the pure Sangioveses, they're always the blends. Well, blend, if you're in Tuscany, is called a Super Tuscan. And so what we decided to do is we went to Total Wine, we were going to build a case of moderately affordable Super Tuscans, and we're going to try them back to back and figure out ones that we can have our go-to. Like, you know, we have go-to Spanish wines at Total Wine, that's San Gregorio, where they have a great Garnacha, they have a great Tempranillo, they have great old vines. Those are all like like $12 bottles and they're great. So we bought an entire case and it was like maybe $300 because most of these bottles were $20, $30. Some were even cheaper. Couple were more expensive. And we've had, I think we had 3 nights in a row of Italian food because we did pizza night the first night with Luma Alnati's and that was great. But on Saturday night we made our wild boar sausage over crispy gnocchi and broccoli dish. It's on the New York Times recipe thing. It's so good. You can use any kind of Italian sausage, but we love that wild boar Italian sausage that we get from Broken Arrow Farms in Texas. And we tried two of the Italians we got. One was from Ranieri. It was called the Invieto. It is a 50% Sangiovese, 25% Cab, 25% Merlot. And at first we opened it, we're like, oh, this isn't going to be that good, especially for it being like $17. After it sitting open for an hour, it was delicious. Might have liked it more than we paired it up next to, which was the other Super Tuscan, and that one was going for about $30. Last night we made a pasta puttanesca with zucchini squash and tuna, and we tried two more. One of them was a Super Tuscan that was a Sangiovese Chianti Classico, and the other one was a Super Tuscan but Merlot dominant, and both both really great. We're having a lot of fun with this, and my wife, because she's my wife, put together a whole spreadsheet where, where we wrote down the prices of all of these bottles on the bottle. We also have the spreadsheet so we remember which ones we like, which ones we're going to go back to, because at the end of this experiment, we're going to have like 4 or 5 different cheap but great Italian wines that we can pick up when Foxen stops selling them. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I've been talking about the Solaire Infrared Grill for quite a while now. I've had my own for over a year, and I highly recommend it. I think you should really take the time, and if you're ready to upgrade your grill game, check out the website, learn about the technology. Rhett Rasmussen really knows what he's doing. I've seen the factory. These things are built in Whittier. It's incredible. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Besthotgrill.com/randy.
