# Tony Katz and the Morning News 2nd Hr 5-29-26

**Show:** Tony Katz + The Morning News
**Date Published:** 2026-05-29
**Date Found:** 2026-05-29
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/tony-katz-today/tony-katz-and-the-morning-news-2nd-hr-5-29-26?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 25 minutes

## Summary

This 25-minute episode of Tony Katz + The Morning News mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Tony Katz + The Morning News

## Key Moment

> "I mean, we should be clear, it's very cool. And he answered the questions, and this administration is like, here we are, we're not shying away from anything. Main Street prosperity with 401s being up. It cannot be said without tempering it in terms of what their costs are, the cost of goods, the cost of food. Talk to, talk to restaurant owners about what they're paying in, in their wholesale costs. This is, this is a rough moment, and it should not go unrecognized that the 401 is up, the Dow is well over 50, the, it is moving in that direction. But don't call it Main Street prosperity. Insurance costs are up. The food costs are up for restaurants. The cost of goods on everything is up. Don't, don't think everything is great on Midwest Main Street. Recognize that there are issues. I don't want them making this mistake. But what we just engaged in was, okay, stuff we agree with, stuff that we disagree with, stuff we have questions about, but we appreciate the data and the openness. There is debate in these things and debate in policy. What the Democratic Party provides is absolute madness. This is the governor of New Mexico. This is Michelle Lujan Grisham. I play it for you. If women, Democratic women, just show up and vote, We're good. We don't need any of the men. Do you see the difference? She is there. This is the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee meeting, and she makes the statement, why do Democrats hate men so much? They hate men. We don't need men. Toxic masculinity. And we wonder why young men come across and will see themselves as conservative and Republicans. I just think they shouldn't see themselves as Tucker, Candace, Megyn Kelly. Acolytes. There's the issue. That's my concern. But of course they're leaving the Democratic Party. Who wants to be around her? We don't need you men. Men and women, we need you both. 18-year-olds, 25-year-olds, 35-year-olds, 55-year-olds, we need you all. Yes, we need the boomers too. We should be asking for the vote, showing why we're the better choice for the vote, and then working hard to keep the vote every dang day. And Democrats are like, ah, we don't need men. Where does that— where does that get you? Gets you nowhere. But it is exactly who they are. They hate men, which is why their best examples of men are James Talarico, Harry Sisson, and Tim Walls. Yeah. If women— I just named 3 people I wouldn't want my boys to grow up to be, and you wouldn't want your boys to grow up to be them either, because you want your boys to grow up to be men. Today on the Marketplace, yeah, this is gross. It's just gross. It's weird. It's weird and gross and gross and weird, and I'm just gonna leave it at that. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. During downtime, clearing my head, getting Getting ready for what's next on this fine radio program. I find myself on Facebook Marketplace. Cool stuff, odd stuff, weird stuff, strange stuff, all sorts of stuff is on the marketplace. The marketplace brought to you by IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Your cash is waiting for you. Why don't you just go get it already? Indiana— how is very accusatory— IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Fast, easy, free to use. It's your money. It's a final paycheck, dividend, refund. I don't know why you're getting the cash. It's not property, it's not things. It's dollars, and they couldn't find you, so it's with the Attorney General. Don't leave with the Attorney General. Go get your money. IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Text my name, Tony. Text Tony to 46220 to get started. Text Tony to 46220 to get started. I get that people are into Halloween. I get that there are people into the macabre, right? The odd, the, um, The weird, the creepy, the freaky. But that's enough about the hammer, Nigel listener. That was a good joke. You can all just— how do you know what? No, no, no, you can't. You can't throw that in later. That either happened spontaneously or you're dead to me, Producer Carl. That's the way it works. My gosh, I apologize for nothing. Um, and some people are into gore and horror and all those kinds of things. This is— and I swear, this is the headline— Blood Bag Drink Pouches. And the description reads, fun blood bag drink pouches as opposed to the unfun blood bag drink pouches. They are designed to look like real blood bags with labels saying red blood cells and volunteer donor. Each pouch has a capacity of 350 milliliters and includes a straw. Great for Halloween parties or themed events. So you, you, you, instead of giving the kids a Capri Sun, you're like, hey, I made it myself. You hand them the blood bag. I made it myself. And the positive is you only need one Halloween to ensure no kid ever comes back for Halloween. Only need one. You do this right and just with the right amount of creepy in your eye. I made it myself, kid. Like you're Harrison Ford, but not Harrison Ford, but you're channeling your inner Harrison Ford. You want something delicious to drink? Here you go. Happy Halloween. You gotta say it like that. Yeah, he had probably had alcohol in the system too, so that would be bad for kids. Uh, who, Harrison Ford? Yeah, Harrison Ford drink. You remember him flying planes and like he would land in weird areas? Yeah, but I just thought that was because he was Harrison Ford. I didn't know that anything to do. I'm not accusing the man of anything. That was producer Carl Harrison. And if Ally McBeal, if you want to sue him too, you go right ahead. Um, and here's the best: I used these for my nursing graduation party and they were a hit. You know, I always knew the nurses were a little freaky-deaky, but I guess I didn't know how freaky-deaky. Hey now, I am not opposed to a freaky-deaky nurse. Everyone, by the way, producer Carl, everyone can imagine what Matt Baer would say right now. Oh, I will regret not having this conversation with him. I may need to bring this back next week. Uh, $10 for 19 blood bag drink pouches. Just $10. I'm surprised these aren't sold already. Uh, not to me, but to somebody else of, of, of questionable moral fiber. Would be my, would be my take. Uh, we've got it there. Everything, uh, we do from the marketplace is at wibc.com. You should check it out for yourself. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. Earlier I brought up this, this line that I've now seen a couple of times: the honesty taboo. I said, what in the world is happening here? And, and the people I saw it from Uh, one of them was from the Manhattan Institute. I'm a huge fan of the Manhattan Institute. These, these are smart people. It's not that I always agree, it's that there is thought behind the word. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC, good morning. Manhattan Institute, City Journal, um, these, these are bright people. And the idea of the honesty taboo was, uh, a conversation about Spencer Pratt and how he is doing in this race for mayor in Los Angeles. Now, this is an outrageously big uphill battle. He might make it to a runoff, which would be impressive in and of itself, but the idea that Los Angeles is going to, because of rational thoughts, give up their progressive bona fides and go with Spencer Pratt, who is not a conservative by any stretch but isn't a psychopath progressive communist lover Karen Bass, which she is, by the way. She's a Castro acolyte. That's a hard one to swallow. That's difficult. And the polling would show that Spencer Pratt's at 22%. Karen Bass is at 26%. Now, that's enough to cause a runoff. But that's, you know, there's another Democrat or a socialist in the race. It doesn't make things true for the runoff and victory. But leave it there. Why is Spencer Pratt connecting? Why is he doing so well? And there's a bit of writing that got quoted. Pratt is another funny, charismatic white guy from the world of entertainment who obsessively discusses an extremely popular issue we are not, as good upstanding people in a one-party state controlled by the DNC, supposed to discuss. In the case of Trump in 2016, that issue was immigration. To a certain extent, Trump's winning issue continues to be immigration, but for Pratt, The winning issue is the obvious fact that many of LA's homeless victims, who Americans are expected to imagine as exclusively a class of sweet-spoken, down-on-their-luck single mothers, are in fact violent, drug-addicted criminals. No, that's correct. Everyone who's homeless is not just, oh, someone you should give a dollar to. We have a serious issue and we're not doing anything about it. And that's true of Indianapolis as well. An absolute failure to get a grasp on and handle this with honesty and clarity. As they write, but when things start to crumble as badly as they have in Los Angeles, and you've completely defeated the neutered Republican Party you're supposed to keep around for purposes of witch burning, the act of noticing problems becomes taboo. An honesty taboo, if you will. It's an interesting line, and it got, uh, repeated by a guy by the name of Mike Solana. This idea of the honesty taboo, very, very interesting. I think it's something that we hear, you and I together, we, we would say, well, what's so special about this? We are— we, we do this all the time. All our conversations are honest and clear. Not everybody agrees, but we discuss things in, in a rational way and say, here, here is, here's the issue. Honesty connects. Honesty connects and crazy doesn't. Now, is it enough to get people who are brainwashed to, to change? No. Is it enough to get people who aren't to notice? Yes. The left still cannot accept the fact that Trump connects in a way that they don't, because they still think that you can't talk about the homeless. They still think, uh, that boys who say they're girls, uh, should have mutilation surgery as opposed to us not feeding into their mental illness. They don't believe in a secure border. They believe in an open border so they can have voters, and they don't care who dies at the hands of the illegal immigrant. As a matter of fact, if you mention who dies at the hands of the illegal immigrant, you're a bigot. And people say this isn't the way we want to live, this isn't the way we want to act, this isn't the way we want to be, this is nuts. And we call these things the honesty taboo. Taboo for whom? Because part of the argument that I would consider being made here by, by the Manhattan Institute is that the honesty taboo is not for you and me. You and I, who are part of this show, who engage as we do in a back and forth every day, we're fine with honesty. As a matter of fact, we're searching for it. We crave it, and we respect it when we see it. We cheer it when we see it. That would mean that the honesty taboo doesn't exist for us. It exists for the people on the political left, or who are kept silent even though they may not agree because they fear what the political left might do to them, their spouse, of their career. Ah, that makes more sense, right? That is, is, is more likely the situation, that the honesty taboo doesn't exist for us. What would be taboo for us? Nothing. Zero. Zero. What's taboo for the leftist? A great number of things. This subject would mean that there is a way to cross over and grab those people. This has been part of Spencer Pratt's running. Some of these ads of here's a group of wine moms and here's a group of, of, of what you call them, Chad's group of, of these husbands. And they're separated, you know, and they're talking to themselves like they don't want to admit they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt, but they're totally voting for Spencer Pratt and they just don't want to say it out loud. But they're all in agreement that they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt. And that's Pratt recognizing this. Is there a place for the honesty to actually crack through? And is that the lesson out of the Los Angeles mayor's race? And even if it doesn't get Spencer Pratt the election, is it enough of an opening that it can be amplified and exemplified in cities and in races across the country? And can you pull enough people over to make a difference come 2028? That's my question. It's an interesting subject."
> — Speaker A at 09:56
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [09:56] Speaker A: "I mean, we should be clear, it's very cool. And he answered the questions, and this administration is like, here we are, we're not shying away from anything. Main Street prosperity with 401s being up. It cannot be said without tempering it in terms of what their costs are, the cost of goods, the cost of food. Talk to, talk to restaurant owners about what they're paying in, in their wholesale costs. This is, this is a rough moment, and it should not go unrecognized that the 401 is up, the Dow is well over 50, the, it is moving in that direction. But don't call it Main Street prosperity. Insurance costs are up. The food costs are up for restaurants. The cost of goods on everything is up. Don't, don't think everything is great on Midwest Main Street. Recognize that there are issues. I don't want them making this mistake. But what we just engaged in was, okay, stuff we agree with, stuff that we disagree with, stuff we have questions about, but we appreciate the data and the openness. There is debate in these things and debate in policy. What the Democratic Party provides is absolute madness. This is the governor of New Mexico. This is Michelle Lujan Grisham. I play it for you. If women, Democratic women, just show up and vote, We're good. We don't need any of the men. Do you see the difference? She is there. This is the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee meeting, and she makes the statement, why do Democrats hate men so much? They hate men. We don't need men. Toxic masculinity. And we wonder why young men come across and will see themselves as conservative and Republicans. I just think they shouldn't see themselves as Tucker, Candace, Megyn Kelly. Acolytes. There's the issue. That's my concern. But of course they're leaving the Democratic Party. Who wants to be around her? We don't need you men. Men and women, we need you both. 18-year-olds, 25-year-olds, 35-year-olds, 55-year-olds, we need you all. Yes, we need the boomers too. We should be asking for the vote, showing why we're the better choice for the vote, and then working hard to keep the vote every dang day. And Democrats are like, ah, we don't need men. Where does that— where does that get you? Gets you nowhere. But it is exactly who they are. They hate men, which is why their best examples of men are James Talarico, Harry Sisson, and Tim Walls. Yeah. If women— I just named 3 people I wouldn't want my boys to grow up to be, and you wouldn't want your boys to grow up to be them either, because you want your boys to grow up to be men. Today on the Marketplace, yeah, this is gross. It's just gross. It's weird. It's weird and gross and gross and weird, and I'm just gonna leave it at that. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. During downtime, clearing my head, getting Getting ready for what's next on this fine radio program. I find myself on Facebook Marketplace. Cool stuff, odd stuff, weird stuff, strange stuff, all sorts of stuff is on the marketplace. The marketplace brought to you by IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Your cash is waiting for you. Why don't you just go get it already? Indiana— how is very accusatory— IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Fast, easy, free to use. It's your money. It's a final paycheck, dividend, refund. I don't know why you're getting the cash. It's not property, it's not things. It's dollars, and they couldn't find you, so it's with the Attorney General. Don't leave with the Attorney General. Go get your money. IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Text my name, Tony. Text Tony to 46220 to get started. Text Tony to 46220 to get started. I get that people are into Halloween. I get that there are people into the macabre, right? The odd, the, um, The weird, the creepy, the freaky. But that's enough about the hammer, Nigel listener. That was a good joke. You can all just— how do you know what? No, no, no, you can't. You can't throw that in later. That either happened spontaneously or you're dead to me, Producer Carl. That's the way it works. My gosh, I apologize for nothing. Um, and some people are into gore and horror and all those kinds of things. This is— and I swear, this is the headline— Blood Bag Drink Pouches. And the description reads, fun blood bag drink pouches as opposed to the unfun blood bag drink pouches. They are designed to look like real blood bags with labels saying red blood cells and volunteer donor. Each pouch has a capacity of 350 milliliters and includes a straw. Great for Halloween parties or themed events. So you, you, you, instead of giving the kids a Capri Sun, you're like, hey, I made it myself. You hand them the blood bag. I made it myself. And the positive is you only need one Halloween to ensure no kid ever comes back for Halloween. Only need one. You do this right and just with the right amount of creepy in your eye. I made it myself, kid. Like you're Harrison Ford, but not Harrison Ford, but you're channeling your inner Harrison Ford. You want something delicious to drink? Here you go. Happy Halloween. You gotta say it like that. Yeah, he had probably had alcohol in the system too, so that would be bad for kids. Uh, who, Harrison Ford? Yeah, Harrison Ford drink. You remember him flying planes and like he would land in weird areas? Yeah, but I just thought that was because he was Harrison Ford. I didn't know that anything to do. I'm not accusing the man of anything. That was producer Carl Harrison. And if Ally McBeal, if you want to sue him too, you go right ahead. Um, and here's the best: I used these for my nursing graduation party and they were a hit. You know, I always knew the nurses were a little freaky-deaky, but I guess I didn't know how freaky-deaky. Hey now, I am not opposed to a freaky-deaky nurse. Everyone, by the way, producer Carl, everyone can imagine what Matt Baer would say right now. Oh, I will regret not having this conversation with him. I may need to bring this back next week. Uh, $10 for 19 blood bag drink pouches. Just $10. I'm surprised these aren't sold already. Uh, not to me, but to somebody else of, of, of questionable moral fiber. Would be my, would be my take. Uh, we've got it there. Everything, uh, we do from the marketplace is at wibc.com. You should check it out for yourself. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. Earlier I brought up this, this line that I've now seen a couple of times: the honesty taboo. I said, what in the world is happening here? And, and the people I saw it from Uh, one of them was from the Manhattan Institute. I'm a huge fan of the Manhattan Institute. These, these are smart people. It's not that I always agree, it's that there is thought behind the word. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC, good morning. Manhattan Institute, City Journal, um, these, these are bright people. And the idea of the honesty taboo was, uh, a conversation about Spencer Pratt and how he is doing in this race for mayor in Los Angeles. Now, this is an outrageously big uphill battle. He might make it to a runoff, which would be impressive in and of itself, but the idea that Los Angeles is going to, because of rational thoughts, give up their progressive bona fides and go with Spencer Pratt, who is not a conservative by any stretch but isn't a psychopath progressive communist lover Karen Bass, which she is, by the way. She's a Castro acolyte. That's a hard one to swallow. That's difficult. And the polling would show that Spencer Pratt's at 22%. Karen Bass is at 26%. Now, that's enough to cause a runoff. But that's, you know, there's another Democrat or a socialist in the race. It doesn't make things true for the runoff and victory. But leave it there. Why is Spencer Pratt connecting? Why is he doing so well? And there's a bit of writing that got quoted. Pratt is another funny, charismatic white guy from the world of entertainment who obsessively discusses an extremely popular issue we are not, as good upstanding people in a one-party state controlled by the DNC, supposed to discuss. In the case of Trump in 2016, that issue was immigration. To a certain extent, Trump's winning issue continues to be immigration, but for Pratt, The winning issue is the obvious fact that many of LA's homeless victims, who Americans are expected to imagine as exclusively a class of sweet-spoken, down-on-their-luck single mothers, are in fact violent, drug-addicted criminals. No, that's correct. Everyone who's homeless is not just, oh, someone you should give a dollar to. We have a serious issue and we're not doing anything about it. And that's true of Indianapolis as well. An absolute failure to get a grasp on and handle this with honesty and clarity. As they write, but when things start to crumble as badly as they have in Los Angeles, and you've completely defeated the neutered Republican Party you're supposed to keep around for purposes of witch burning, the act of noticing problems becomes taboo. An honesty taboo, if you will. It's an interesting line, and it got, uh, repeated by a guy by the name of Mike Solana. This idea of the honesty taboo, very, very interesting. I think it's something that we hear, you and I together, we, we would say, well, what's so special about this? We are— we, we do this all the time. All our conversations are honest and clear. Not everybody agrees, but we discuss things in, in a rational way and say, here, here is, here's the issue. Honesty connects. Honesty connects and crazy doesn't. Now, is it enough to get people who are brainwashed to, to change? No. Is it enough to get people who aren't to notice? Yes. The left still cannot accept the fact that Trump connects in a way that they don't, because they still think that you can't talk about the homeless. They still think, uh, that boys who say they're girls, uh, should have mutilation surgery as opposed to us not feeding into their mental illness. They don't believe in a secure border. They believe in an open border so they can have voters, and they don't care who dies at the hands of the illegal immigrant. As a matter of fact, if you mention who dies at the hands of the illegal immigrant, you're a bigot. And people say this isn't the way we want to live, this isn't the way we want to act, this isn't the way we want to be, this is nuts. And we call these things the honesty taboo. Taboo for whom? Because part of the argument that I would consider being made here by, by the Manhattan Institute is that the honesty taboo is not for you and me. You and I, who are part of this show, who engage as we do in a back and forth every day, we're fine with honesty. As a matter of fact, we're searching for it. We crave it, and we respect it when we see it. We cheer it when we see it. That would mean that the honesty taboo doesn't exist for us. It exists for the people on the political left, or who are kept silent even though they may not agree because they fear what the political left might do to them, their spouse, of their career. Ah, that makes more sense, right? That is, is, is more likely the situation, that the honesty taboo doesn't exist for us. What would be taboo for us? Nothing. Zero. Zero. What's taboo for the leftist? A great number of things. This subject would mean that there is a way to cross over and grab those people. This has been part of Spencer Pratt's running. Some of these ads of here's a group of wine moms and here's a group of, of, of what you call them, Chad's group of, of these husbands. And they're separated, you know, and they're talking to themselves like they don't want to admit they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt, but they're totally voting for Spencer Pratt and they just don't want to say it out loud. But they're all in agreement that they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt. And that's Pratt recognizing this. Is there a place for the honesty to actually crack through? And is that the lesson out of the Los Angeles mayor's race? And even if it doesn't get Spencer Pratt the election, is it enough of an opening that it can be amplified and exemplified in cities and in races across the country? And can you pull enough people over to make a difference come 2028? That's my question. It's an interesting subject."

## Full Transcript

[00:06] **Speaker A:** That's Jimmy OB. Good people, good man. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. The Indianapolis City County Council putting out a proposal for higher vehicle registrations. That's right, pay more to register your vehicle in the county where you're going to spend more money replacing your tires and wheels. Uh, this is to cover the cost of road repairs. So the story is over there at IBJ, Taylor Wooten reporting, and it will meet a requirement set by the state legislature to qualify for more road funding. So you have to raise the fees so you can get more dollars. I just want to make sure I can do the math all by myself. We have to increase the amount we charge so we can get more money. No, no, no, government should totally be in charge of our healthcare. Why do you ask? I can't— I cannot make that up. Now, as the reporting goes, Mayor Hogsett not necessarily on board with the proposal. They say the council says that the fee hike would bring in an extra $70 million in 2027, about $350+ million over 5 years. And the city needs to allocate at least $50 million in new funding towards roads in order to receive a $50 million state match. Huh. Okay. Uh, sounds great, Marion County. Sounds great. Meanwhile, and this story broke last week, but we have got it out, uh, Jarrett Lewis has it over at wibc.com. The Keystone Group. So that's Ursal Özdemir, that is the Indy Eleven, the group that got screwed out of a stadium by Joe Hogsett, by this council, which I'm saying, my words, absolutely lied about Major League Soccer's intentions. And where they would allow a stadium. You can't convince me otherwise because they've never brought the proof. They made a statement, oh, they'll never play at the Diamond Chain site. We said, what proof do you have? And they said, duh, they said nothing. I actually have, um, this, this is actually, uh, um, audio that we recorded of the city county council when asked to show proof of their work that somehow Major League Soccer wouldn't play at that site. So you could see they were serious. Well, the only thing that Keystone Group has done is continued to place their mark on the city of Indianapolis. The Intercontinental Hotel, which is a beautiful and beautifully done. Then they got the Anthem Building, that quadrant that is in the northwest quadrant of the circle. And now they purchased the Sheraton. So that's the hotel behind it, 378-room Sheraton. And that's going to go through a transformation, that's going to get upgraded. And I, I haven't spoken to anybody over there about this. I will not be surprised. This is my take. The minute I read the story, I was like, son of a gun. I think that what we might very well see is a— and I believe this, I, I thought it, and then I think it was reported, and somehow I missed that reporting from, from a few months ago— we might see a little bit of a mini convention center, an event space, uh, something like that with a lot of capability and a lot of flex for us, for a city that is convention-based. This is massive. And what I love about this more than anything else is that here's Erçel Özdemir, who I like on a personal level. We might disagree on some things politically here and there, but I, I, he, he's, he's good for the city and doing things for the city. Joe Hogsett's name will be forgotten. And Erçel Özdemir and the Keystone Group, which got screwed by the city Their name is going to reign for 100 years. That's good revenge. I, I applaud this on every level. Thank you, producer Carl. Thank you. I love it, love it, love it, love it. And, uh, to the Keystone Group, if we want to put like a, like a 300-seat theater in there and call it the, the Tony Katz Theater, we can work that out. We could actually come back downtown for that. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. Bring on the popcorn moment, brought to you by Booher. Booher. BooherRemodeling.com. Your kitchen, your bathroom, your basement, it doesn't matter what it is you're trying to redo, Booher is the call to make. And they're like, so tell us about what you're thinking, and then they're going to listen to you. They're going to listen to what it is you're trying to get done, and then they're going to say, okay, here's how we can make this happen. Giving you options, giving you opportunities, things you've thought of, things you've never thought of before, bringing you down, maybe into reality and then allowing your imagination to run wild. Brewer Remodeling, the best materials, the most skilled craftsmen listening to you and then building what it is you want built the way you want it done. What's best for you, for your family, increasing the value of your home, increasing the value of your life. Brewer's getting ready to do some work for me. We're finishing up the kitchen, the countertops, uh, the sink, the backsplash, tying it all together. I'm creating a little more countertop space because, you know, uh, the briskets are very large and I need some more countertop space. Brewer was the call and they're the ones going to make this happen. They deliver quality work on time with a service-oriented attitude. They stand behind their work with a 2-year workmanship guarantee. Why not? I mean, honestly, why not start right now? Talk to Boer today. 317-852-5546. Tell them Tony Katt sent you. 317-852-5546. Boer Remodeling. 852-5546. Or online at Boer— B-O-O-H-E-R— boerremodeling.com. The popcorn moment. Let's go Let's go, let's go, let's go. It's the story you need to hear to believe, then grab your popcorn because there is more. I've got a couple things for you. It was Scott Bessett, the Treasury Secretary, who held the press briefing yesterday. Caroline Levitt had a baby, and so she's been out. And so, you know, they've had people filling in, uh, for the White House press briefing. And of course, the fill-ins have been the Secretary of State, and now the Secretary of the Treasury and the Vice President. You know, there's a story in here that no one's talking about, which is, are you kidding me? These are— they don't have a deputy comms director or somebody else filling in. They've got the whole cabinet filling in. It's— it is quite incredible how they're doing this and how they just— they'll answer questions. When we talk, you could not have gotten anybody in the Biden administration to tell you anything. They wouldn't even admit that Joe Biden didn't know where he was. You think Pete Buttigieg could have handled a press briefing? Not a chance. But there's Scott Bessant, and he got into some conversations that I don't think were super helpful for him.

[08:04] **Speaker B:** We've had sustained and resilient GDP growth. Real GDP has risen 2.6% over the past 4 quarters. Atlanta Fed's GDP now predicts 3.8% for this quarter, second quarter. The U.S. energy dominance— part of our resilience stems from our energy dominance. Natural gas is down, as my belief and the futures market is showing us. Oil will be lower than pre-conflict levels. We are more resilient to energy price fluctuations due to President Trump's energy dominance and deregulatory agenda. The United States is now the world's largest energy exporter.

[08:44] **Speaker A:** Now that's true. We are the largest energy exporter. But don't promise people lower gas prices. Don't, don't, don't do it. Don't say that oil will be down. Don't, don't. This is a recording. Please listen to me. Stop doing that, sir. You're not the only one. Stop doing it. The way this comes down is definitive action against the regime. To thwart any ability they have to create issue within the strait. That's how it's done. Don't make promises and timelines. Don't do it. But he got into a second subject, which— all right, let me play it first.

[09:31] **Speaker B:** The United States has never exported so much energy or produced so much energy. Main Street prosperity. The average 401 is up almost $30,000 since President Trump's inauguration. President Trump RX has already saved Americans over $600 million. I'm sure all of you will want to report on that. And the unemployment rate remains low at 4.3%. We've had—

[09:56] **Speaker A:** I mean, we should be clear, it's very cool. And he answered the questions, and this administration is like, here we are, we're not shying away from anything. Main Street prosperity with 401s being up. It cannot be said without tempering it in terms of what their costs are, the cost of goods, the cost of food. Talk to, talk to restaurant owners about what they're paying in, in their wholesale costs. This is, this is a rough moment, and it should not go unrecognized that the 401 is up, the Dow is well over 50, the, it is moving in that direction. But don't call it Main Street prosperity. Insurance costs are up. The food costs are up for restaurants. The cost of goods on everything is up. Don't, don't think everything is great on Midwest Main Street. Recognize that there are issues. I don't want them making this mistake. But what we just engaged in was, okay, stuff we agree with, stuff that we disagree with, stuff we have questions about, but we appreciate the data and the openness. There is debate in these things and debate in policy. What the Democratic Party provides is absolute madness. This is the governor of New Mexico. This is Michelle Lujan Grisham. I play it for you. If women, Democratic women, just show up and vote, We're good. We don't need any of the men. Do you see the difference? She is there. This is the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee meeting, and she makes the statement, why do Democrats hate men so much? They hate men. We don't need men. Toxic masculinity. And we wonder why young men come across and will see themselves as conservative and Republicans. I just think they shouldn't see themselves as Tucker, Candace, Megyn Kelly. Acolytes. There's the issue. That's my concern. But of course they're leaving the Democratic Party. Who wants to be around her? We don't need you men. Men and women, we need you both. 18-year-olds, 25-year-olds, 35-year-olds, 55-year-olds, we need you all. Yes, we need the boomers too. We should be asking for the vote, showing why we're the better choice for the vote, and then working hard to keep the vote every dang day. And Democrats are like, ah, we don't need men. Where does that— where does that get you? Gets you nowhere. But it is exactly who they are. They hate men, which is why their best examples of men are James Talarico, Harry Sisson, and Tim Walls. Yeah. If women— I just named 3 people I wouldn't want my boys to grow up to be, and you wouldn't want your boys to grow up to be them either, because you want your boys to grow up to be men. Today on the Marketplace, yeah, this is gross. It's just gross. It's weird. It's weird and gross and gross and weird, and I'm just gonna leave it at that. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. During downtime, clearing my head, getting Getting ready for what's next on this fine radio program. I find myself on Facebook Marketplace. Cool stuff, odd stuff, weird stuff, strange stuff, all sorts of stuff is on the marketplace. The marketplace brought to you by IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Your cash is waiting for you. Why don't you just go get it already? Indiana— how is very accusatory— IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Fast, easy, free to use. It's your money. It's a final paycheck, dividend, refund. I don't know why you're getting the cash. It's not property, it's not things. It's dollars, and they couldn't find you, so it's with the Attorney General. Don't leave with the Attorney General. Go get your money. IndianaUnclaimed.gov. Text my name, Tony. Text Tony to 46220 to get started. Text Tony to 46220 to get started. I get that people are into Halloween. I get that there are people into the macabre, right? The odd, the, um, The weird, the creepy, the freaky. But that's enough about the hammer, Nigel listener. That was a good joke. You can all just— how do you know what? No, no, no, you can't. You can't throw that in later. That either happened spontaneously or you're dead to me, Producer Carl. That's the way it works. My gosh, I apologize for nothing. Um, and some people are into gore and horror and all those kinds of things. This is— and I swear, this is the headline— Blood Bag Drink Pouches. And the description reads, fun blood bag drink pouches as opposed to the unfun blood bag drink pouches. They are designed to look like real blood bags with labels saying red blood cells and volunteer donor. Each pouch has a capacity of 350 milliliters and includes a straw. Great for Halloween parties or themed events. So you, you, you, instead of giving the kids a Capri Sun, you're like, hey, I made it myself. You hand them the blood bag. I made it myself. And the positive is you only need one Halloween to ensure no kid ever comes back for Halloween. Only need one. You do this right and just with the right amount of creepy in your eye. I made it myself, kid. Like you're Harrison Ford, but not Harrison Ford, but you're channeling your inner Harrison Ford. You want something delicious to drink? Here you go. Happy Halloween. You gotta say it like that. Yeah, he had probably had alcohol in the system too, so that would be bad for kids. Uh, who, Harrison Ford? Yeah, Harrison Ford drink. You remember him flying planes and like he would land in weird areas? Yeah, but I just thought that was because he was Harrison Ford. I didn't know that anything to do. I'm not accusing the man of anything. That was producer Carl Harrison. And if Ally McBeal, if you want to sue him too, you go right ahead. Um, and here's the best: I used these for my nursing graduation party and they were a hit. You know, I always knew the nurses were a little freaky-deaky, but I guess I didn't know how freaky-deaky. Hey now, I am not opposed to a freaky-deaky nurse. Everyone, by the way, producer Carl, everyone can imagine what Matt Baer would say right now. Oh, I will regret not having this conversation with him. I may need to bring this back next week. Uh, $10 for 19 blood bag drink pouches. Just $10. I'm surprised these aren't sold already. Uh, not to me, but to somebody else of, of, of questionable moral fiber. Would be my, would be my take. Uh, we've got it there. Everything, uh, we do from the marketplace is at wibc.com. You should check it out for yourself. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC. Good morning. Earlier I brought up this, this line that I've now seen a couple of times: the honesty taboo. I said, what in the world is happening here? And, and the people I saw it from Uh, one of them was from the Manhattan Institute. I'm a huge fan of the Manhattan Institute. These, these are smart people. It's not that I always agree, it's that there is thought behind the word. Tony Katz, 93 WIBC, good morning. Manhattan Institute, City Journal, um, these, these are bright people. And the idea of the honesty taboo was, uh, a conversation about Spencer Pratt and how he is doing in this race for mayor in Los Angeles. Now, this is an outrageously big uphill battle. He might make it to a runoff, which would be impressive in and of itself, but the idea that Los Angeles is going to, because of rational thoughts, give up their progressive bona fides and go with Spencer Pratt, who is not a conservative by any stretch but isn't a psychopath progressive communist lover Karen Bass, which she is, by the way. She's a Castro acolyte. That's a hard one to swallow. That's difficult. And the polling would show that Spencer Pratt's at 22%. Karen Bass is at 26%. Now, that's enough to cause a runoff. But that's, you know, there's another Democrat or a socialist in the race. It doesn't make things true for the runoff and victory. But leave it there. Why is Spencer Pratt connecting? Why is he doing so well? And there's a bit of writing that got quoted. Pratt is another funny, charismatic white guy from the world of entertainment who obsessively discusses an extremely popular issue we are not, as good upstanding people in a one-party state controlled by the DNC, supposed to discuss. In the case of Trump in 2016, that issue was immigration. To a certain extent, Trump's winning issue continues to be immigration, but for Pratt, The winning issue is the obvious fact that many of LA's homeless victims, who Americans are expected to imagine as exclusively a class of sweet-spoken, down-on-their-luck single mothers, are in fact violent, drug-addicted criminals. No, that's correct. Everyone who's homeless is not just, oh, someone you should give a dollar to. We have a serious issue and we're not doing anything about it. And that's true of Indianapolis as well. An absolute failure to get a grasp on and handle this with honesty and clarity. As they write, but when things start to crumble as badly as they have in Los Angeles, and you've completely defeated the neutered Republican Party you're supposed to keep around for purposes of witch burning, the act of noticing problems becomes taboo. An honesty taboo, if you will. It's an interesting line, and it got, uh, repeated by a guy by the name of Mike Solana. This idea of the honesty taboo, very, very interesting. I think it's something that we hear, you and I together, we, we would say, well, what's so special about this? We are— we, we do this all the time. All our conversations are honest and clear. Not everybody agrees, but we discuss things in, in a rational way and say, here, here is, here's the issue. Honesty connects. Honesty connects and crazy doesn't. Now, is it enough to get people who are brainwashed to, to change? No. Is it enough to get people who aren't to notice? Yes. The left still cannot accept the fact that Trump connects in a way that they don't, because they still think that you can't talk about the homeless. They still think, uh, that boys who say they're girls, uh, should have mutilation surgery as opposed to us not feeding into their mental illness. They don't believe in a secure border. They believe in an open border so they can have voters, and they don't care who dies at the hands of the illegal immigrant. As a matter of fact, if you mention who dies at the hands of the illegal immigrant, you're a bigot. And people say this isn't the way we want to live, this isn't the way we want to act, this isn't the way we want to be, this is nuts. And we call these things the honesty taboo. Taboo for whom? Because part of the argument that I would consider being made here by, by the Manhattan Institute is that the honesty taboo is not for you and me. You and I, who are part of this show, who engage as we do in a back and forth every day, we're fine with honesty. As a matter of fact, we're searching for it. We crave it, and we respect it when we see it. We cheer it when we see it. That would mean that the honesty taboo doesn't exist for us. It exists for the people on the political left, or who are kept silent even though they may not agree because they fear what the political left might do to them, their spouse, of their career. Ah, that makes more sense, right? That is, is, is more likely the situation, that the honesty taboo doesn't exist for us. What would be taboo for us? Nothing. Zero. Zero. What's taboo for the leftist? A great number of things. This subject would mean that there is a way to cross over and grab those people. This has been part of Spencer Pratt's running. Some of these ads of here's a group of wine moms and here's a group of, of, of what you call them, Chad's group of, of these husbands. And they're separated, you know, and they're talking to themselves like they don't want to admit they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt, but they're totally voting for Spencer Pratt and they just don't want to say it out loud. But they're all in agreement that they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt. And that's Pratt recognizing this. Is there a place for the honesty to actually crack through? And is that the lesson out of the Los Angeles mayor's race? And even if it doesn't get Spencer Pratt the election, is it enough of an opening that it can be amplified and exemplified in cities and in races across the country? And can you pull enough people over to make a difference come 2028? That's my question. It's an interesting subject.
