# A day in the life: A quick web site update and a board agenda package for May 28, 2026

**Show:** A Day in the life of Jared at L.A. Metro
**Date Published:** 2026-05-26
**Date Found:** 2026-05-26
**URL:** https://rss.com/podcasts/a-day-in-the-life-of-jared-at-l-a-metro/2860003?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 115 minutes

## Summary

This 115-minute episode of A Day in the life of Jared at L.A. Metro mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, A Day in the life of Jared at L.A. Metro

## Key Moment

> "Hello gang, welcome to another edition of A Day in the Life of Jared, and I am Jared. And a couple of things before I get started. First of all, we have put up a new RSS option for people to get updates on what's new around the website. We will post short notices to update you on agenda package updates, such as the board, the AAC, the San Fernando Service Council, the Public Safety Advisory Committee, and of course we'll cover report updates, and we will of course put short notices about upcoming podcasts. The RSS feed is located at JaredRimer.com/Metro- updates.xml. Now you're probably sitting there going, well, I don't really use any of this type of stuff. I'm familiar with podcasting, but I don't really understand, you know, how to read it. Well, that's all well and good. You don't have to have it. It is used with an RSS reader such as Newsify, and you can put that URL into Newsify and you can get the updates pulled directly from us. Now, if you understand how to get content from places like The Source, which is LA Metro's own blog, or you are getting things from other sources like Bleeping Computer or my tech blog or any other website that has RSS, that's XML. So if you understand that, then you'll understand this. And we are going to keep it to a minimum. So if we do small updates, corrections to scripts, things of that nature we're not gonna update. But when we put something new up or we want to tell you about an upcoming podcast, that's what it'll be for. We also are going to try and get our social media back up and running. I've been on LinkedIn for the longest time but haven't been over there in a while. And of course, my Mastodon. Those who are not familiar with social media don't need to worry about any of this at the moment. Just know that if you're hearing this podcast for the first time, then everything is working, and welcome to a day in the life. When I implemented this recently to get it up and running, somebody had commented that the work that I'm doing is good because most people just think of basic accessibility, but what I'm doing is a little bit different, or at least That's what I'm trying to do. Now, I don't remember what exactly word for word they said, and the point is, is that they actually took a look at what I am doing and they are liking it. They reacted to the post and then they commented, so If that means something, then we're doing something good. No, I'm not sharing any personal details. Now, the bulk of this podcast is going to talk about the board agenda, and we are actually going to read the agenda as we always do. The package is very, very heavy. We've got contractual items, we've got all kinds of varying things, including things in consent, and we're trying to make sure that we provide people, besides the PDF, two different types of braille, as this podcast knows. And of course, we're always available if you need other formats. You want a 30-cell instead of the 40s we're providing? Done. If you're on a smaller display like the HumanWare eReader, you want a cell 18? I'll give you a cell 18. Just know that the files are going to be a lot larger than the 40, but I'm willing to accommodate. If I had to do it while my own 40 was in the shop for repair, then I'll do it for anybody who needs it. It's the least I can do. And you can contact me at any time by sending an email to metro— that's m-e-t-r-o— @jaredrimer.com. So the board agenda package I'm gonna read directly from the Braille, and if we need to explain anything, we'll do that. This file is being transcribed by Jared Reimer in Woodland Hills, California. We are providing EBAE, that's English Braille American Edition, and UEB files following eBay practices for ease of convenience. So basically I'm following eBay rules where, especially with lists, Unified English Braille needs spacing around the list. But because I'm making one source file and providing two copies, we're going to Ignore that rule. Now, English Braille American Edition requires other special care, such as checking to make sure that numbers are numbers, especially with all these contractual things we're gonna get into. Uh, some of them do contract correctly, while others may do things like add BLE. Although it does work, it's not exactly what we wanted. So there's special things that I need to do to get all of that to work. So I'm not gonna go into a whole lot of detail here, but just know that that is done. Both files are gonna be similar in page numbering. There may be some differences toward the end, but of course, YuiB eliminates 9 contractions. But for all intents and purposes, um, at least for a while, it will match. Uh, it will contain the entire text of the agenda except for things that may not be needed, including information on donating, record management, phone numbers that are not related to participation, and foreign language translations. I can't verify whether the translations are going to copy correctly from the source. So instead of doing that, I've decided that that's just not gonna work for me. And English Braille American Edition requires you to set the language, otherwise it won't work. UEB understands foreign language much better. Uh, this file is structured in list formatting where the first list is the item number and what it covers. The second is the recommendation. The third and fourth lists are subsections like A, B, C, and 1, 2, and 3 respectively. Additionally, when doing the agenda package, the attachments will be summarized in transcriber's notes. We used to omit those, so for example, it will say attachments A through C and a presentation, for example. You may also see the number of attachments as well. If there are none, nothing will be said. When attachments are present, the summaries will be listed in the second list, even if the items go 3 or 4 lists in. This file will include information on how to participate via telephone and online. The meeting starts on May 28th, 2026 at 10 AM. It's going to be in the boardroom, which is just outside of Union Station. Take the A, B, or D lines to Union Station and go toward the bus plaza where headquarters is up the ramp. Please call 323-466-3876 if you need complete detail from your location on how to get there. Board report numbers will be removed from the Braille copy. They are listed within the PDF and the page that hosts the meeting. These numbers are numbers like 2026-05248 or something similar. There have been times where we have skipped these types of numbers when editing and they have been read into the record, but for your purposes as a listener, they do not necessarily mean anything to you, especially if you're just listening to the podcast to see what is going on, to see if, you know, something may be of interest that you can bring to your agency. Uh, to participate online, please go to the Board Agenda's webpage at boardagendas.metro.net and find a link on the page to listen. You may also find telephone access info there or see below. Dial 888-978-8818. For English, dial the access code 546 4-7-2-4-9 followed by the pound key. For Spanish, dial the access code 7-2-9-2-8-9-2 followed by the pound key. Alright folks, so that is how you're going to join, and the link will be active roughly 5 minutes before starting time. You will also be able to get this information on the board webpage at jaredreimer.com/board if you forget. If you want to give written comments, send by email to boardclerk@metro.net and mention the item you are commenting on. Have comments in by 5 PM the day before the meeting. Board of Directors. Fernando Dutra, Chair. Jacqueline Dupont Walker, First Vice Chair. Catherine Barger, Second Vice Chair. Karen Bass, James Butts, Janice Han, Lindsay Horvath, Holly J. Mitchell, Ara J. Najarian, Imelda Padilla, Tim Sandoval, Hilda Solis, Katie Yurzlovsky, Gloria Roberts, non-voting member, and Stephanie Wiggins, Chief Executive Officer. Now let's get rolling because the agenda is now 34 Braille pages long. So the first item, of course, is Call to Order. It's an unnumbered item for those who are listening for the first time, and You can't have a meeting without saying you're ready to start one, right? Roll call. And then item number 1, approved consent items 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 31, 32, 33, and 36. Consent calendar items are approved by one motion unless held by a director for discussion and/or separate action. All consent calendar items are listed at the end of the agenda beginning on page 12. It also will start on page 14 in Braille. Uh, so both Braille copies will be on page number 14. Uh, so let's get, let's get started with non-consent with item number 3. Whose subject is Remarks by the Chair. Recommendation: Receive marks by the chair. So they'll probably talk about various things they're involved in in regards to updates and, and, uh, things they need to talk to us about. Now, if I were them And I knew about what exactly took place with the potential cyber attack. And I'm saying this carefully because we really don't know exactly what happened or anything else. We just read speculation and we haven't seen any news since initial reports came out. So if they're gonna do it, do this, this item or the next item would be advantageous for them. Now I'm an outsider, I listen to the meetings, I have no influence for Subject: Report by the Chief Executive Officer. Recommendation: Receive report by the Chief Executive Officer. 5. Subject: Board Officers. Recommendation: Election of board officers. So every year the board turns over, and usually this happens in June, but this year I believe they won't take effect until July. If my memory serves me correctly, the officers turn over in June. But we'll see how things go, right? 18. Subject: East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit Project. Uh, construction with no recommendation. So this is something else we're gonna do, uh, and I forgot to put this in our notes. Or maybe I did, uh, if there are any recommended stuff forwarded, we will notate it. And I need to get better with making sure that I keep to one format. Some instances in this file we use two parentheses, um, in others I've only used one. Um, in this item it says forwarded with no recommendations. Other, it'll have a vote like 3 to nothing, 4 to nothing, 5 to 1, whatever. Um, this is all in the agenda and I've not included that on a regular, but I think doing it this way within the item itself is, uh, at least notable so you know where it came from. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to a) establish a Life of Project, LOP, budget in the amount of $3,998,675,309 for the East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit project. B, amend the progressive Design Build Contract Number PS89616000 with the San Fernando Transit Constructors, SFTC, a joint venture JV of Skanska USA Civil West California District Incorporated, Skansa, and Stacy and Whitbeck Incorporated to implement the Phase 2 supplement of the project in the amount of 3— uh, no, it's gonna be $1,988,038,124, increasing the total contract value from $442,000— a million, million $916,240 to— to, uh, let's see, this is going to be $2,430,954,364. And C, award and execute all project Related agreements and modifications to existing contracts within the authorized LOP budget. 6 attachments, A through E, and a presentation. This is huge. This light rail project has been talked about for a while, and was approved, and now they're gonna get going with, uh, construction if they haven't already, and preparations for the next phase. And this will be interesting for the San Fernando Valley because we've really— according to what I've read, we've really been out of touch in regards to projects, although we did get the Orange Line, and that goes from North Hollywood to Chatsworth. It went from North Hollywood to practically Woodland Hills, and then it got built to Chatsworth, but we really haven't had any infrastructure upgrades since So when this gets built and gets put into service, this is, uh, going to get very interesting. Item number 22. Subject: fiscal year 2027 FY27 proposed budget, Finance, Audit and Budget, no vote. I'm adding that so that people understand that this was one of those that they just forwarded seems like it might have been part of consent. I don't normally sit on that committee, so I don't know, and I'm not going to speculate. But I will tell you, when you see that there was no vote, it just is here. Consider a adopting the proposed FY27 budget as presented in the budget documents provided in a separate, uh, transmittal and posted on metro.net, whose link was removed, but it's in the PDF. One, authorizing $9.7 billion annual consolidated expenditures to achieve goals and objectives set forth by the board adopted mission and goals. 2, authorizing a total of 12,321 FTEs of which 10,024 are represented FTEs and 2,297 are non-represented FTEs. 3, authorizing an average 3% performance-based merit increase for non-representative employees. The wage increases for represented employees in accordance with the pre-negotiated collective bargaining agreements is an average 4.0%. 4, authorizing a 5% adjustment to current non-represented job pay grade levels to reflect best practice. See Attachment A. 5. Approving the Life of Project, LOP, budget exceeding $5.0 million for new capital projects and LOP budget increases for existing projects exceeding $1.0 million. $1,000. Project details are presented in Attachment B. 6, authorize the CEO to execute Metrolinx continuing resolution to extend FY26 budget authorization through first quarter of FY27 until October 1st, 2026, and execute all necessary agreements between Metro and SCRRRA based on the continuing resolution. 7. Amend the proposed FY27 budget document by including 76 additional FTEs for the Department of Public Safety, DPS, to support the phased startup of the care-based multi-layered safety unit and $5.6 million in non-labor budget. 8. Authorize the CEO to execute contract modifications to extend the current Transit Law Enforcement contracts annually for up to 3 additional years, utilizing funds to be requested during future fiscal year's budget process. 9, amending the Proposed budget to include any board-approved actions currently under consideration from now to the end of the fiscal year, June 30th, 2026. And B, approving the reimbursement resolution declaring Metro's intention to issue debt in FY27 for capital projects as shown in Attachment C, with the provision with actual— or, oh, that actual debt issuance will require separate board approval. 6 attachments, A through E, and a presentation. So that's an example on the multi-list aspect of how this works. And yes, I do see the apostrophes. These apostrophes are, uh, not your typical apostrophe. Here I go again, not doing that work. That's an easy fix, but the file's readable. And, uh, I'll make sure to, uh, be more cautious of that. That's the one step I didn't do this time. It took me most of the day to actually produce the Braille. You actually can't go from PDF to Braille right away. And I knew about these apostrophes, but we push forward because the file is readable, and we'll make sure to do better with that. 43. Subject: Renewable Natural Gas, RNG, provided— uh, provider. Uh, recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer to A, award a 5-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDIQ contract, contract number OP132076000, with Shell Energy North America US LP for renewable natural gas RNG inclusive of a 5-year base in the not to exceed, NTE, amount of $140,004,228.05 and one 3-year option in the NTE amount of $88 million $902,684.81 for a combined NTE amount of $228,906,912.86. And B, execute individual task orders, transaction confirmations, and contract modifications up to 10% of the contract value. To attachments A and B— and by the way, this was heavily talked about in April through There was a protest at that time, and that meant that they could not take a vote. And, uh, it seems like they are going back to what they originally wanted to do, even though there was a different company that protested. So that was a 30 to 45 day holdover. So we'll see what happens with this particular item. Item 44, subject: public hearing on resolutions of necessity for East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit Project from April's meeting. Recommendation: adopt the proposed resolutions of necessity authorizing the commencement of eminent domain actions to acquire either the fee simple interest, fee interest, or certain improvements pertaining to, to Realty IPR for the properties identified in Attachment A and described as: A, 14529 Keswick Street, Van Nuys, California 91405, APN 2210030027, ESFV B 002A, or is that a 1? I think that might be a 1. Uh, then we have B002, and then, uh, another IPR, uh, interest-only, uh, notes in there. And then B for this item. 13287-13289 Van Nuys Boulevard, Pacoima, California 91331. APN, and then this is 2619017008. ESFV C005, I believe this is a 1, so both of these are 1s. Uh, then in parentheses in quotes we have C005, fee interest only. C13291 Van Nuys Boulevard. Pacoima, California 91331, APN 2619-017009, ESFV C0061. And by the way, these are hyphenated letter-number combinations. Should have mentioned that when reading them. Want to make that clear now. Then we have C- 006, IPR interests only. And D, 6429 Van Nuys Boulevard, Van Nuys, California 91401, APN 2236-023-001, ESFV A0021, A002, IPO interests only. The interest being acquired in the above listed properties are referred to herein as the property interests. Requires two-thirds vote of the full board. 6 attachments, A through B6, and a presentation. Uh, the next item is item number 45, subject, uh, 2026 FIFA World Cup readiness update. Recommendation: receive oral reports on preparations for the 2026 FIFA World Cup. One presentation. 46. Subject: governance, delivery, and operation options for the LA River Path Project. Motion. Uh, recommendation: approve, uh, motion by Bass and Solis that board, uh, that, that the board directs the chief executive officer or her designee to, uh, enter into all necessary agreements and subsequent amendments with the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, and/or the City of Los Angeles to carry out the LA River Path Governance Model study and to fully reimburse the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, and/or the City of Los Angeles for the full cost of the study. We further move that the board directs the CEO to have a Metro staff collaborate, uh, collaborate with the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, the City of Los Angeles, and all, uh, relative stakeholders including the United States Army Corps of Engineers on the LA River Path Governance Model Study by providing all requested project-related information, technical expertise, right-of-way data, uh, and then a Governance. Review best practices from other regions and report with recommendations on suitable models, options, and processes, including: 1. Identifying a project client of development delivery and optional and options. Uh, no, the word, Jared, is operation. Okay, the word is operation. Get it right. 2, uh, using an existing agency or authority of the project client. 3, creating a new joint powers authority, JPA, including recommendations for, uh, optimal membership and roles. For establishing a new authority or agency through existing or new state legislation, including the creation of a climate resilience district to serve as the project client, operator, or both. And 5, uh, retain Metro's current role as the project's developer, builder, and partner in the operation. B, project delivery. Study alternative delivery models to benefit the project, such as design-build-finance-operate-maintenance DBFOM, and other innovative procurement approaches. C, operations and maintenance. Research and report on operations and maintenance models, including one, an initial model for meeting operations and maintenance needs of the Downtown LA River Path Project, including, uh, security, public safety, graffiti abatement, uh, routine maintenance and long-term structural inspection and repair. And 2, a model for unified operations and maintenance program for the entire 51-mile LA River Bypass Uh, the LA Riverway and how it may relate to delivery of the Downtown LA River Path Project. Uh, D, sustainable funding. Develop recommendations for existing and potential new funding sources for the sustainable long-term stewardship of the Downtown LA River Path Project and/or the entire 51-mile LA Riverway, including: 1. Uh, realigning funding formulas for existing active transportation funding sources. Such as TDA Article 3, opportunities to address active transportation operation and maintenance funding in the Measure M decennial review process 3, new local or regional levies based on funding models for similar active transportation infrastructure in other jurisdictions, and 4, potential option revenue such as filming, social events, sponsorship, and advertising. E, stakeholder engagement. Engage with various agencies and project stakeholders to inform the research described above and the collaborative roles for delivery and option. And that is the end of non-consent. Item 47, subject closed session. A conference with legal counsel. Existing litigation, GC 54956.9. Uh, LAC case number 23-SMCV 03151. 2, MD Jamal Hassan, VLACMTA, LASC, case number 23STCV07223. 3, Marianne Yabut versus LACMTA, LASC, case number 24-CMCV-00325. B, conference with real estate negotiator, government code 5-4-9-5-6.8. Property: 1347 West Storm, uh, Parkway, Units E and F, Torrance, California. Agency negotiation: John Beck, Craig Justison, Negotiating party: Matt Elric and Kendra Braley of Rexford Industrial Realty Incorporated. Under negotiations: price and terms. C. Conference with labor negotiator. Government Code 54957.6. Agency Designated Representatives: Christian, uh, Leva, Don Jackson Perkins. Employee Opera, uh, Organizations: SMART, ACF, CME. ATU, TCU, and Teamsters. D, Public Employee Performance, uh, Evaluation, Government Code Section 54957, title Chief Executive Officer. So that's how the non-consent section is gonna go. So now we move to the aforementioned page 14 for the consent calendar. And there again are a lot of items, and we want to make sure that we cover these. As briefly, as clearly, and as accurately as we can. Let's go ahead now and move on over to the consent calendar. Consent calendar, uh, this is going to be items 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 32, uh, 31, 33, and 36. So let's get, uh, rolling on this. Item 2, subject minutes, recommendation approve minutes of the regular board meeting held April 23rd, 2026. Two attachments: minutes and public comments. That's exactly what it said. They're not A and B, they're, uh, specifically April 23rd minutes and April 23rd comments. 6, subject Guiding values for ad hoc board composition committee deliberations. Ad hoc board composition committee, 7 to 0 to 1. So 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstention, probably. And, um, I believe there were more than 10, so maybe several apps in. I'm not sure. We're just gonna go what's here, um, and go from there. Recommendation: Adopt the guiding values to support and inform the ad hoc board committee's deliberations regarding governance considerations. Attachment A: 2 attachments, A and a presentation. 7. Subject: High Desert Corridor FY27 Work Program Planning and Programming 3-0. Recommendation: consider A, approving $9,338,470 in Measure M High Desert Multipurpose Corridor, HDMC, funds identified in the expenditure plan for right-of-way, ROW, acquisitions to be, uh, repurposed to the High Desert Corridor, HDC, Joint Powers Agency, JPA, for the fiscal year 2027, FY27 work program, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer, CEO, or their designee to negotiate and execute all necessary funding agreements with the HDC JPA. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. 8. Subject: State Route 71, SR 71 North Project Design Funding Gap, Planning and Programming 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider A, approving the programming of $5,750,000 in Measure M funds to support design activities for SR-71 North, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer or their designee to execute and/or amend all necessary programming documents and project agreements for the SR-71 North design activities. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. And if you think that I should do this a little bit differently, especially if there are 3, uh, 2 or 3 of these, let me know. 9. Subject: Measure M Multi-Year Subregional Program Update. San Gabriel Valley Subregion Planning and Programming 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Consider A, approving 1, uh, deobligating a net of $460,489 in Measure M Multi-Year Subregional Program MSP Active Transportation Program Expenditure Line 54 funds and reprogram project funds, uh, previously approved to meet the project schedules as shown in Attachment A. 2. Reprogramming of projects previously approved to meet the project schedules in Measure M MSP First Last Mile and Complete Streets Program, expenditure line 59, as shown in Attachment B. And B, authorizing the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, or their designee to negotiate and execute all necessary agreements and/or amendments for approved projects. 6 attachments, A through E, in the presentation. Uh, number 10, subject: Sepulveda Transit Corridor Planning and Programming, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, to A, execute modification number 12 to contract number AE67 085000 for the Sepúlveda Transit Corridor Environmental Review and Conceptual Engineering with HTA Partners. HTA, a joint venture between HNTB Corporation, Terry A. Hayes Associates Incorporated, and ACOM Technical Services Incorporated to provide additional technical services in the amount of $7,658,000 $836 for the preparation of documents necessary for state and federal environmental clearance of the recently approved Sepúlveda Transit Corridor Locally Preferred Alternative, LPA, increasing the total contract amount from $64,817,445 to $72,476,281 and extend the period of performance from June 30th, 2026 to, uh, December 31st 2028. B, increase the contract modification authority, uh, CMA, for contract number AE67085000 in the amount of $1,914,709, increasing the CMA from $8,495,350 to $10,410,059, and authorizing the CEO to execute individual contract modifications within the board-approved CMA. C, execute modification number 4 to contract number PS68039000 for the Sepulveda Transit Corridor. Community Participation Program with Ariano Associates LLC to provide additional strategic communications and community participation services in the amount of $2 million $287,508, increasing the total contract value from $4,861,759 to $7,149,267, and extending the period of performance from December 19th— I'm sorry, um, December 31st, 2027 to December 31st, 2028. And D, increase a CMA for contract number PS680 39000 in the amount of $500,000, increasing, uh, CMA from $351,493 to $851,493, and authorizing the CEO to execute Individual Contract Modifications within the board-approved CMA. 7 attachments, A1 through C2, and a presentation. And this one became interesting because it was not like your typical, let's say, A through, let's say, J. They use numbers here, so A1 through like A5, B1 through B5, and then C1 through, you know, C6. I'm using that as an example, but the attachments list will tell you exactly how that, how that went. So yeah, that's was how that rolled. Number 12, subject: K-Line Extension to Torrance. Project construction committee: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer, CEO, to execute execute modification number 13 to contract number AE634450000 with the— I believe this is STV Incorporated, STV— in the amount of $43 $96,451 to advance project design from 15% advance to conceptual engineering level, uh, to 30% preliminary engineering level, and conduct extensive third-party, uh, coordination and approval activities, activities for the K Line extension to Torrance project, formally referred to as the C Green Line extension, increasing the total contract value from $33,404,805 to $76,501,256, and extending the period of performance from June 30th, 2026 to May 31st, 2029. For attachments A through C and a presentation. Item number 13. Subject: Chatsworth Station ADA improvement project construction. 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer to create the Life of Project LOP budget, uh, by $1,645,350, uh, from $7 million Uh, $7,400,000— uh, let's see, $354,650 to $9 million, I think is what this is. And the Chatsworth ADA Station Improvement Project, which includes allowance for Increased Metrolink platform, uh, to work. Two attachments: A, and a presentation. And I know that the San Fernando Service Council has talked a little bit about the Chatsworth improvement project. And, uh, so far it seems like they can get around without too much difficulty. I know that North Hollywood has had some, uh, construction things going on that isn't affecting the busway, so looks like things are moving forward there. Item number 14, folks, and this one is, uh, Foothill Gold Line Extension Phase 2B, construction 3 to nothing. Authorize extension of Amendment Number 1 to the Master Cooperative Agreement, MCA, between Metro Gold Line Foothill Extension Construction Authority, authority, and the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, LACMTA, to reflect updates to key definitions and terms to ensure Alignment with the revised scope and operational requirements for the Metro Gold Line Phase 2B project. Attachment A. Two attachments: A and a presentation. Item number 15. Subject: K-Line's new traction power substation project construction, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider a) establishing a life of project, LOP, budget for the K-Line new traction power substation TPSS support project, project in the amount of 32, uh, correction, $38,450,000, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute Project-related agreements including contract and task order modifications up to the authorized LOP. Two attachments: A and a presentation. Item number 16, subject: Southbound Interstate 605/Beverly Boulevard, uh, Interchange Improvements Project Construction 3-0. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, to execute an Amendment 1 to Caltrans Design Cooperative COOP agreement 5147 to reallocate 5, uh, uh, no, what is this number? This number is $845,000, Jared. It's $845,000 in funding to transition the I-605 Beverly Boulevard Improvement Project, uh, to Caltrans. B, Construction Cooperative Agreement 5355 with Caltrans to replace existing Construction Cooperative Agreement 52-76. Construction coop agreement 53-55 identifies $5,991,000 in funding for Caltrans construction support and $34,496,120 in funding for the estimated capital cost. This CUP is necessary to transition the I-605 Beverly Boulevard improvements, uh, project construction phase to Caltrans. See Contract modification number 1 to contract number AE119748000 with David Evans and Associates Incorporated, DEA, in the amount of $300 Jared, you need to learn how to read these numbers. $693,970, increasing the contract value from $499,178 to $1,193,148 to finalize The Plans, Specifications, and Estimates package, uh, for construction provide design support services during the bidding and construction phase and extend the period of performance from November 28, 2026 to December 31, 2030. And D, any documents and agreements that are required for delivery for the I-605 Beverly Boulevard improvements project. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. And yes, I'm talking to myself on the podcast because I should really not be reading this bad. But when you're dealing with stuff that is complicated, sometimes you just gotta make the light of it and sort of make fun of yourself. I've actually called myself some names on other podcasts for this same thing, but this podcast I can't call myself those kinds of names. Names. As we try to keep this podcast as family-friendly as possible, we want to read you everything and explain things. This particular one, by the way, is all freeway, uh, specific stuff. It doesn't necessarily represent transit items, but ever since Metro became an entity in 1993, which came out of 3 companies. Uh, they sort of do everything around here. That's the long or the short of it. Uh, 19, subject: North Hollywood to Pasadena Bus Rapid Transit project construction, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider A, establishing a life of project LOP budget for the North Hollywood to Pasadena Bus Rapid Transit BRT project in the amount of $428,988,535, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute project-related agreements up to the authorized life of project budget. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. 20. Subject: Tapfair Media Manufacturing and, uh, Fulfillment Services. Finance and budget: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the Chief Executive Officer to award the following 5-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDIQ, firm-fixed unit price contracts for TAP Fair Media for Metro and TAP partner agencies for a total not to exceed NTE amount of $30,149,315 for the initial 3-year term and $11,975,535 for the first 1-year option and $12 million $28,294 for the second one-year option, for a total NTE cumulative amount $54,153,150. $44 inclusive of sales tax effective July 1st, 2026, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests, if any. Discipline 1: TAP Contactless Smart Cards. Manufacturing. 1. I-D-E-M-I-A America Corp. PS 128-86-0000. 2. Uh, Gaiskek G-I-E-S-E-C-K-E and Devrient, D-E-V-R-I-E-N-T, ePayments America Incorporated, P.S. 128-860-001. 3, Paragram ID High Point US Incorporated, PS 12886002. For Cole Ticket Solutions, PS 12886003. Discipline 2: Card Fulfillment and Distribution. One: Giesecke and Devrycent ePayments America Incorporated, PS 12886004. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. All right, gang, um, this probably means that they will start working on the credit card aspect of things very soon so that, uh You can use those as well as other tap media. So that'll be very interesting. I believe that's what this covers, uh, the contactless, um cards where you can just hold them to the system. They, they could possibly be prepaid. I'm not exactly sure, but it's in consent, and this is something I'd like to hear more about. But, um, they're not— unless they pull something from consent, it's probably just going to go through without a second thought. So Item number 23, uh, fiscal year 2026-27 transit fund allocations. Uh, this is supposed to say finance, but I just see I made a spelling mistake. Budget and Audit, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider approving $2.9 billion in fiscal year 2026-27 FY27 Transit Fund allocations for Los Angeles County jurisdictions, uh, transit operators, and Metro operations as shown in Attachment A. These allocations comply with federal, state, and local regulations and Metro Board-approved policies and guidances. Federal state funding allocations are $26 are subject to actual fund, uh, apportionments. B, approving fund exchanges and the estimated amount of $4,748,000 $879 for, uh, Metro's Transportation Development Act, TDD. Article 4, Allocation with Municipal Operators, share of the low Carbon Transit Operations Program, LCTOP. Uh, let's see. So, uh, then it says funding will be adjusted based on LCTOP actual allocations, and the FY27 budget will be amended as necessarily— as necessary to reflect the adjustments. C, approving fund exchanges in the estimated amount of $1,046,112 of Metro's proposition Prop C, uh, 40% allocation, uh, with Antelope Valley, Santa Clarita, Burbank, and Glendale's shares of the LCTOP. Funding will be adjusted based on LC TOP actual allocations, and the FY27 budget will be amended as necessary to reflect the adjustments. D, approving fund exchange of federal Section 53 2007 discretionary funded award— award— funds awarded to the Southern California Regional Transit, uh, Training Consortium, SCRTC, through Long Beach Transit in the amount of $400,000 with Metro's TDA Article 4 allocation, subject to financial federal, uh, uh, apportionments. If federal funds are not available for this fund exchange $400,000 in FY28 TDA Article 4 funds, which will be allocated to Metro off the top list of reimbursements. E, approving fund exchanges in the amount totaling a $16.7 million of Metro's federal Section 5307 share with municipal operators' shares of federal Sections 5337 and 5339, subject to final federal appropriations. And I believe this is the final letter here, F, authorizing the chief executive officer to adjust FY27 federal Section 5306 7 to urbanize Formula Section 5339 bus, uh, and bus facilities, and Section 5337, case of good repair allocations upon receipt of the financial was this, apportionment from the Federal Transit, was this, Administration, and amend the FY27 budget as necessary to reflect the adjustments. G, well, there is more. Okay, approve Approving project selection and programming of $6,062,927 for the Local Transit Services. This one is a subcommittee, LTSS. Zero emission vehicle, ZEV. Call for projects as shown in Attachment B. Uh, let's see, next is H, adopting a resolution designating Transportation Development Act, uh, TDA, and State Transit Assistance STA fund allocations in compliance with the terms and conditions of the locations attachment C and I, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute all necessary agreements amendments to existing agreements and FY27 budget amendments to implement the above funding programs. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. Item number 24. So far, this item is fiscal year 2027 audit plan, finance, budget, and audit, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: adopt the fiscal year 2020 FY27 proposed annual audit plan, Attachment A. 2 attachments, a, and a presentation. So lots of stuff coming out. And now I'm realizing when I said 19 and it moved to a different number, it was the page number. And all of these are this way because we're using regular page numbering. So the only way to really fix that is to use a running head, and I don't think that's necessary. Uh, 25. Uh, subject: Sustainability Program Assistance Services. Executive management: 4 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the chief executive officer to A, award a cost-plus fixed fee task order base contract number AE129745EN086 to Cumming Management Group Incorporated for Sustainability Program Assistance Services, SPAS, for a 3-year base term in amount not to exceed, NTE, $7,500,000 plus two one-year options in an NTE of $2,500,000 for each option year, and a total NTE amount of $12,500,000, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests if any, and B, award individual task orders and modifications up to the NTE contract amount of $7,500,000 or the project's authorized amount, whichever is is less. 4 attachments, A through C, and a presentation. 26, subject FY 2027, uh, committee and board meeting calendar, executive management. Received and filed. So, um, it just said executive management. I added the received and filed because, um, it just said executive management. Um, in the document, um, so, you know, that they forwarded on, um, there wasn't a voting number on it, so I believe it was a receive and file. If I'm wrong, then, um, somebody tell me and, uh, I'll make sure to notate that more carefully. But I believe it was a receive and file. But this says that the recommendation is to receive and file the FY 2027 committee and Board Meeting Calendar Attachment A, 2 Attachments A, and a Presentation. So unless, um, something has changed, we will expect that, uh, that'll be the case. So again, uh, This was FY 2020 committee and board meeting calendar. So this allows them to have all of their meetings scheduled and it's all set. Item 30. Subject: Automated Guided Vehicle, AGV, Replacement. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to award a 24-month firm fixed price, uh, contract number PS135749000 to Domatic Corporation, Domatic, for the automated guided vehicle, AGV, replacement to install 11 AGVs along with the Associated Software in the amount of $4,837,855, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests, if any. 3 attachments, uh, A through B, and a presentation. And yes, I now see the spelling error. Didn't notice that when reading it with speech. 31. Subject: Recruitment Services Bench Operations 3-0. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute modification number 2 to the Recruitment Services Bench Contract, uh, numbers PS9599000 with Partners in Diversity Incorporated, PS9599001 with uh, DeSanti, and PS959002 with David Gomez Partners to continue supporting the identification and placement of qualified candidates for professionals, management, and executive level positions across the agency an amount not to exceed, NTE, $200,000, increasing the cumulative contract value from $482,500 to $682,500, and extended the period of performance from September 1st, 2026 to August 31st, 2027. 7. 4 attachments, A through C, and a presentation. 32. Subject: Drone Security Monitoring Services. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute Modification Number 2 to contract number PS118995000 with Flying Lion Incorporated to continue to support security monitoring, emergency response, infrastructure inspections, and aerial situational awareness across the Metro Transit system in the amount of $497,764, increasing the contract value from $497,780 to $995,544, and extending the period of performance from July 22nd 2027 through July 22nd, 2029. For attachments A through C and a presentation. Yes, I remember this. I believe this was in, uh, the aforementioned meeting as part of the aforementioned consent calendar. So we don't really know what this is. Um, of course there are always airplanes flying overhead or helicopters or something, uh, from time to time, so they could be from anywhere. Uh, 33. Subject: Annual appointments to Metro's service councils. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Approved nominees of membership on Metro's Gateway Cities, San Fernando Valley, San Gabriel Valley, South Bay Cities, and Westside Central Service Councils. Attachment A, 4 attachments A through C, and a presentation. So, uh, you know, their biographies and various other things. The attachments were named, but we just put, um, you know, A through C and a presentation. Item 36: Subject: Accelerated Throne Mobile Restrooms Deployment. Operations 3-0. Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute Modification Number 1 to Contract Number OP12882000 with Throne Labs Incorporated to accelerate the development of the Throne Smart Restrooms and realign service levels in the not-to-exceed, NTE, amount of $3,060,590, increasing the total NTE contract amount from $21,138,608 to $24,000,000. $199,198. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. Subject: General public comment. Receive general public comment, consideration of items not on the posted agenda, including items to be presented, and if required Refer to staff items to be replaced on the agenda for action at a future meeting of the committee or board, and/or items requiring immediate action because of an emergency situation, or where the need to take immediate action came to the attention of the committee subsequent to the posting of the agenda. Comments from the public on items of public interest within committee's subject matter of jurisdiction. Finally, adjournment. And that ends the agenda package. So I hope that each and every one of you will come and see what the board is about. Uh, the meeting could be several hours long, but you don't have to stay through it all, and it is taped, and you can find recordings through boardagendas.metro.net as well. So, uh, please feel free to check out JaredRimer.com for updates. Uh, as soon as the board meeting is over and we get back to our location, we will update and post when the next board meeting will be. It'll be posted on our website where we host all of our meetings. And of course, meeting agendas are subject to be taken down. They're not meant for permanent storage, so get copies when you have time. We will keep copies on file, so if you need one, we can provide it to you, but Definitely be mindful of the fact that we will not be keeping documents long-term on our website. So— Uh, that is where we are. Um, so you can also contact me besides email at metro@jaredreimer.com. You can text or WhatsApp the phone number 804-442-6975, or you may go ahead and Call the comment line at area code 818-527-4754. So, uh, That is where we are. I hope that, uh, we will see everybody later and, um Until next podcast, everybody. I am Jared, and thanks for listening to today's program, giving you a quick website update and the agenda package from the board. See you all later."
> — Speaker A at 00:16
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:16] Speaker A: "Hello gang, welcome to another edition of A Day in the Life of Jared, and I am Jared. And a couple of things before I get started. First of all, we have put up a new RSS option for people to get updates on what's new around the website. We will post short notices to update you on agenda package updates, such as the board, the AAC, the San Fernando Service Council, the Public Safety Advisory Committee, and of course we'll cover report updates, and we will of course put short notices about upcoming podcasts. The RSS feed is located at JaredRimer.com/Metro- updates.xml. Now you're probably sitting there going, well, I don't really use any of this type of stuff. I'm familiar with podcasting, but I don't really understand, you know, how to read it. Well, that's all well and good. You don't have to have it. It is used with an RSS reader such as Newsify, and you can put that URL into Newsify and you can get the updates pulled directly from us. Now, if you understand how to get content from places like The Source, which is LA Metro's own blog, or you are getting things from other sources like Bleeping Computer or my tech blog or any other website that has RSS, that's XML. So if you understand that, then you'll understand this. And we are going to keep it to a minimum. So if we do small updates, corrections to scripts, things of that nature we're not gonna update. But when we put something new up or we want to tell you about an upcoming podcast, that's what it'll be for. We also are going to try and get our social media back up and running. I've been on LinkedIn for the longest time but haven't been over there in a while. And of course, my Mastodon. Those who are not familiar with social media don't need to worry about any of this at the moment. Just know that if you're hearing this podcast for the first time, then everything is working, and welcome to a day in the life. When I implemented this recently to get it up and running, somebody had commented that the work that I'm doing is good because most people just think of basic accessibility, but what I'm doing is a little bit different, or at least That's what I'm trying to do. Now, I don't remember what exactly word for word they said, and the point is, is that they actually took a look at what I am doing and they are liking it. They reacted to the post and then they commented, so If that means something, then we're doing something good. No, I'm not sharing any personal details. Now, the bulk of this podcast is going to talk about the board agenda, and we are actually going to read the agenda as we always do. The package is very, very heavy. We've got contractual items, we've got all kinds of varying things, including things in consent, and we're trying to make sure that we provide people, besides the PDF, two different types of braille, as this podcast knows. And of course, we're always available if you need other formats. You want a 30-cell instead of the 40s we're providing? Done. If you're on a smaller display like the HumanWare eReader, you want a cell 18? I'll give you a cell 18. Just know that the files are going to be a lot larger than the 40, but I'm willing to accommodate. If I had to do it while my own 40 was in the shop for repair, then I'll do it for anybody who needs it. It's the least I can do. And you can contact me at any time by sending an email to metro— that's m-e-t-r-o— @jaredrimer.com. So the board agenda package I'm gonna read directly from the Braille, and if we need to explain anything, we'll do that. This file is being transcribed by Jared Reimer in Woodland Hills, California. We are providing EBAE, that's English Braille American Edition, and UEB files following eBay practices for ease of convenience. So basically I'm following eBay rules where, especially with lists, Unified English Braille needs spacing around the list. But because I'm making one source file and providing two copies, we're going to Ignore that rule. Now, English Braille American Edition requires other special care, such as checking to make sure that numbers are numbers, especially with all these contractual things we're gonna get into. Uh, some of them do contract correctly, while others may do things like add BLE. Although it does work, it's not exactly what we wanted. So there's special things that I need to do to get all of that to work. So I'm not gonna go into a whole lot of detail here, but just know that that is done. Both files are gonna be similar in page numbering. There may be some differences toward the end, but of course, YuiB eliminates 9 contractions. But for all intents and purposes, um, at least for a while, it will match. Uh, it will contain the entire text of the agenda except for things that may not be needed, including information on donating, record management, phone numbers that are not related to participation, and foreign language translations. I can't verify whether the translations are going to copy correctly from the source. So instead of doing that, I've decided that that's just not gonna work for me. And English Braille American Edition requires you to set the language, otherwise it won't work. UEB understands foreign language much better. Uh, this file is structured in list formatting where the first list is the item number and what it covers. The second is the recommendation. The third and fourth lists are subsections like A, B, C, and 1, 2, and 3 respectively. Additionally, when doing the agenda package, the attachments will be summarized in transcriber's notes. We used to omit those, so for example, it will say attachments A through C and a presentation, for example. You may also see the number of attachments as well. If there are none, nothing will be said. When attachments are present, the summaries will be listed in the second list, even if the items go 3 or 4 lists in. This file will include information on how to participate via telephone and online. The meeting starts on May 28th, 2026 at 10 AM. It's going to be in the boardroom, which is just outside of Union Station. Take the A, B, or D lines to Union Station and go toward the bus plaza where headquarters is up the ramp. Please call 323-466-3876 if you need complete detail from your location on how to get there. Board report numbers will be removed from the Braille copy. They are listed within the PDF and the page that hosts the meeting. These numbers are numbers like 2026-05248 or something similar. There have been times where we have skipped these types of numbers when editing and they have been read into the record, but for your purposes as a listener, they do not necessarily mean anything to you, especially if you're just listening to the podcast to see what is going on, to see if, you know, something may be of interest that you can bring to your agency. Uh, to participate online, please go to the Board Agenda's webpage at boardagendas.metro.net and find a link on the page to listen. You may also find telephone access info there or see below. Dial 888-978-8818. For English, dial the access code 546 4-7-2-4-9 followed by the pound key. For Spanish, dial the access code 7-2-9-2-8-9-2 followed by the pound key. Alright folks, so that is how you're going to join, and the link will be active roughly 5 minutes before starting time. You will also be able to get this information on the board webpage at jaredreimer.com/board if you forget. If you want to give written comments, send by email to boardclerk@metro.net and mention the item you are commenting on. Have comments in by 5 PM the day before the meeting. Board of Directors. Fernando Dutra, Chair. Jacqueline Dupont Walker, First Vice Chair. Catherine Barger, Second Vice Chair. Karen Bass, James Butts, Janice Han, Lindsay Horvath, Holly J. Mitchell, Ara J. Najarian, Imelda Padilla, Tim Sandoval, Hilda Solis, Katie Yurzlovsky, Gloria Roberts, non-voting member, and Stephanie Wiggins, Chief Executive Officer. Now let's get rolling because the agenda is now 34 Braille pages long. So the first item, of course, is Call to Order. It's an unnumbered item for those who are listening for the first time, and You can't have a meeting without saying you're ready to start one, right? Roll call. And then item number 1, approved consent items 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 31, 32, 33, and 36. Consent calendar items are approved by one motion unless held by a director for discussion and/or separate action. All consent calendar items are listed at the end of the agenda beginning on page 12. It also will start on page 14 in Braille. Uh, so both Braille copies will be on page number 14. Uh, so let's get, let's get started with non-consent with item number 3. Whose subject is Remarks by the Chair. Recommendation: Receive marks by the chair. So they'll probably talk about various things they're involved in in regards to updates and, and, uh, things they need to talk to us about. Now, if I were them And I knew about what exactly took place with the potential cyber attack. And I'm saying this carefully because we really don't know exactly what happened or anything else. We just read speculation and we haven't seen any news since initial reports came out. So if they're gonna do it, do this, this item or the next item would be advantageous for them. Now I'm an outsider, I listen to the meetings, I have no influence for Subject: Report by the Chief Executive Officer. Recommendation: Receive report by the Chief Executive Officer. 5. Subject: Board Officers. Recommendation: Election of board officers. So every year the board turns over, and usually this happens in June, but this year I believe they won't take effect until July. If my memory serves me correctly, the officers turn over in June. But we'll see how things go, right? 18. Subject: East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit Project. Uh, construction with no recommendation. So this is something else we're gonna do, uh, and I forgot to put this in our notes. Or maybe I did, uh, if there are any recommended stuff forwarded, we will notate it. And I need to get better with making sure that I keep to one format. Some instances in this file we use two parentheses, um, in others I've only used one. Um, in this item it says forwarded with no recommendations. Other, it'll have a vote like 3 to nothing, 4 to nothing, 5 to 1, whatever. Um, this is all in the agenda and I've not included that on a regular, but I think doing it this way within the item itself is, uh, at least notable so you know where it came from. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to a) establish a Life of Project, LOP, budget in the amount of $3,998,675,309 for the East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit project. B, amend the progressive Design Build Contract Number PS89616000 with the San Fernando Transit Constructors, SFTC, a joint venture JV of Skanska USA Civil West California District Incorporated, Skansa, and Stacy and Whitbeck Incorporated to implement the Phase 2 supplement of the project in the amount of 3— uh, no, it's gonna be $1,988,038,124, increasing the total contract value from $442,000— a million, million $916,240 to— to, uh, let's see, this is going to be $2,430,954,364. And C, award and execute all project Related agreements and modifications to existing contracts within the authorized LOP budget. 6 attachments, A through E, and a presentation. This is huge. This light rail project has been talked about for a while, and was approved, and now they're gonna get going with, uh, construction if they haven't already, and preparations for the next phase. And this will be interesting for the San Fernando Valley because we've really— according to what I've read, we've really been out of touch in regards to projects, although we did get the Orange Line, and that goes from North Hollywood to Chatsworth. It went from North Hollywood to practically Woodland Hills, and then it got built to Chatsworth, but we really haven't had any infrastructure upgrades since So when this gets built and gets put into service, this is, uh, going to get very interesting. Item number 22. Subject: fiscal year 2027 FY27 proposed budget, Finance, Audit and Budget, no vote. I'm adding that so that people understand that this was one of those that they just forwarded seems like it might have been part of consent. I don't normally sit on that committee, so I don't know, and I'm not going to speculate. But I will tell you, when you see that there was no vote, it just is here. Consider a adopting the proposed FY27 budget as presented in the budget documents provided in a separate, uh, transmittal and posted on metro.net, whose link was removed, but it's in the PDF. One, authorizing $9.7 billion annual consolidated expenditures to achieve goals and objectives set forth by the board adopted mission and goals. 2, authorizing a total of 12,321 FTEs of which 10,024 are represented FTEs and 2,297 are non-represented FTEs. 3, authorizing an average 3% performance-based merit increase for non-representative employees. The wage increases for represented employees in accordance with the pre-negotiated collective bargaining agreements is an average 4.0%. 4, authorizing a 5% adjustment to current non-represented job pay grade levels to reflect best practice. See Attachment A. 5. Approving the Life of Project, LOP, budget exceeding $5.0 million for new capital projects and LOP budget increases for existing projects exceeding $1.0 million. $1,000. Project details are presented in Attachment B. 6, authorize the CEO to execute Metrolinx continuing resolution to extend FY26 budget authorization through first quarter of FY27 until October 1st, 2026, and execute all necessary agreements between Metro and SCRRRA based on the continuing resolution. 7. Amend the proposed FY27 budget document by including 76 additional FTEs for the Department of Public Safety, DPS, to support the phased startup of the care-based multi-layered safety unit and $5.6 million in non-labor budget. 8. Authorize the CEO to execute contract modifications to extend the current Transit Law Enforcement contracts annually for up to 3 additional years, utilizing funds to be requested during future fiscal year's budget process. 9, amending the Proposed budget to include any board-approved actions currently under consideration from now to the end of the fiscal year, June 30th, 2026. And B, approving the reimbursement resolution declaring Metro's intention to issue debt in FY27 for capital projects as shown in Attachment C, with the provision with actual— or, oh, that actual debt issuance will require separate board approval. 6 attachments, A through E, and a presentation. So that's an example on the multi-list aspect of how this works. And yes, I do see the apostrophes. These apostrophes are, uh, not your typical apostrophe. Here I go again, not doing that work. That's an easy fix, but the file's readable. And, uh, I'll make sure to, uh, be more cautious of that. That's the one step I didn't do this time. It took me most of the day to actually produce the Braille. You actually can't go from PDF to Braille right away. And I knew about these apostrophes, but we push forward because the file is readable, and we'll make sure to do better with that. 43. Subject: Renewable Natural Gas, RNG, provided— uh, provider. Uh, recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer to A, award a 5-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDIQ contract, contract number OP132076000, with Shell Energy North America US LP for renewable natural gas RNG inclusive of a 5-year base in the not to exceed, NTE, amount of $140,004,228.05 and one 3-year option in the NTE amount of $88 million $902,684.81 for a combined NTE amount of $228,906,912.86. And B, execute individual task orders, transaction confirmations, and contract modifications up to 10% of the contract value. To attachments A and B— and by the way, this was heavily talked about in April through There was a protest at that time, and that meant that they could not take a vote. And, uh, it seems like they are going back to what they originally wanted to do, even though there was a different company that protested. So that was a 30 to 45 day holdover. So we'll see what happens with this particular item. Item 44, subject: public hearing on resolutions of necessity for East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit Project from April's meeting. Recommendation: adopt the proposed resolutions of necessity authorizing the commencement of eminent domain actions to acquire either the fee simple interest, fee interest, or certain improvements pertaining to, to Realty IPR for the properties identified in Attachment A and described as: A, 14529 Keswick Street, Van Nuys, California 91405, APN 2210030027, ESFV B 002A, or is that a 1? I think that might be a 1. Uh, then we have B002, and then, uh, another IPR, uh, interest-only, uh, notes in there. And then B for this item. 13287-13289 Van Nuys Boulevard, Pacoima, California 91331. APN, and then this is 2619017008. ESFV C005, I believe this is a 1, so both of these are 1s. Uh, then in parentheses in quotes we have C005, fee interest only. C13291 Van Nuys Boulevard. Pacoima, California 91331, APN 2619-017009, ESFV C0061. And by the way, these are hyphenated letter-number combinations. Should have mentioned that when reading them. Want to make that clear now. Then we have C- 006, IPR interests only. And D, 6429 Van Nuys Boulevard, Van Nuys, California 91401, APN 2236-023-001, ESFV A0021, A002, IPO interests only. The interest being acquired in the above listed properties are referred to herein as the property interests. Requires two-thirds vote of the full board. 6 attachments, A through B6, and a presentation. Uh, the next item is item number 45, subject, uh, 2026 FIFA World Cup readiness update. Recommendation: receive oral reports on preparations for the 2026 FIFA World Cup. One presentation. 46. Subject: governance, delivery, and operation options for the LA River Path Project. Motion. Uh, recommendation: approve, uh, motion by Bass and Solis that board, uh, that, that the board directs the chief executive officer or her designee to, uh, enter into all necessary agreements and subsequent amendments with the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, and/or the City of Los Angeles to carry out the LA River Path Governance Model study and to fully reimburse the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, and/or the City of Los Angeles for the full cost of the study. We further move that the board directs the CEO to have a Metro staff collaborate, uh, collaborate with the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, the City of Los Angeles, and all, uh, relative stakeholders including the United States Army Corps of Engineers on the LA River Path Governance Model Study by providing all requested project-related information, technical expertise, right-of-way data, uh, and then a Governance. Review best practices from other regions and report with recommendations on suitable models, options, and processes, including: 1. Identifying a project client of development delivery and optional and options. Uh, no, the word, Jared, is operation. Okay, the word is operation. Get it right. 2, uh, using an existing agency or authority of the project client. 3, creating a new joint powers authority, JPA, including recommendations for, uh, optimal membership and roles. For establishing a new authority or agency through existing or new state legislation, including the creation of a climate resilience district to serve as the project client, operator, or both. And 5, uh, retain Metro's current role as the project's developer, builder, and partner in the operation. B, project delivery. Study alternative delivery models to benefit the project, such as design-build-finance-operate-maintenance DBFOM, and other innovative procurement approaches. C, operations and maintenance. Research and report on operations and maintenance models, including one, an initial model for meeting operations and maintenance needs of the Downtown LA River Path Project, including, uh, security, public safety, graffiti abatement, uh, routine maintenance and long-term structural inspection and repair. And 2, a model for unified operations and maintenance program for the entire 51-mile LA River Bypass Uh, the LA Riverway and how it may relate to delivery of the Downtown LA River Path Project. Uh, D, sustainable funding. Develop recommendations for existing and potential new funding sources for the sustainable long-term stewardship of the Downtown LA River Path Project and/or the entire 51-mile LA Riverway, including: 1. Uh, realigning funding formulas for existing active transportation funding sources. Such as TDA Article 3, opportunities to address active transportation operation and maintenance funding in the Measure M decennial review process 3, new local or regional levies based on funding models for similar active transportation infrastructure in other jurisdictions, and 4, potential option revenue such as filming, social events, sponsorship, and advertising. E, stakeholder engagement. Engage with various agencies and project stakeholders to inform the research described above and the collaborative roles for delivery and option. And that is the end of non-consent. Item 47, subject closed session. A conference with legal counsel. Existing litigation, GC 54956.9. Uh, LAC case number 23-SMCV 03151. 2, MD Jamal Hassan, VLACMTA, LASC, case number 23STCV07223. 3, Marianne Yabut versus LACMTA, LASC, case number 24-CMCV-00325. B, conference with real estate negotiator, government code 5-4-9-5-6.8. Property: 1347 West Storm, uh, Parkway, Units E and F, Torrance, California. Agency negotiation: John Beck, Craig Justison, Negotiating party: Matt Elric and Kendra Braley of Rexford Industrial Realty Incorporated. Under negotiations: price and terms. C. Conference with labor negotiator. Government Code 54957.6. Agency Designated Representatives: Christian, uh, Leva, Don Jackson Perkins. Employee Opera, uh, Organizations: SMART, ACF, CME. ATU, TCU, and Teamsters. D, Public Employee Performance, uh, Evaluation, Government Code Section 54957, title Chief Executive Officer. So that's how the non-consent section is gonna go. So now we move to the aforementioned page 14 for the consent calendar. And there again are a lot of items, and we want to make sure that we cover these. As briefly, as clearly, and as accurately as we can. Let's go ahead now and move on over to the consent calendar. Consent calendar, uh, this is going to be items 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 32, uh, 31, 33, and 36. So let's get, uh, rolling on this. Item 2, subject minutes, recommendation approve minutes of the regular board meeting held April 23rd, 2026. Two attachments: minutes and public comments. That's exactly what it said. They're not A and B, they're, uh, specifically April 23rd minutes and April 23rd comments. 6, subject Guiding values for ad hoc board composition committee deliberations. Ad hoc board composition committee, 7 to 0 to 1. So 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstention, probably. And, um, I believe there were more than 10, so maybe several apps in. I'm not sure. We're just gonna go what's here, um, and go from there. Recommendation: Adopt the guiding values to support and inform the ad hoc board committee's deliberations regarding governance considerations. Attachment A: 2 attachments, A and a presentation. 7. Subject: High Desert Corridor FY27 Work Program Planning and Programming 3-0. Recommendation: consider A, approving $9,338,470 in Measure M High Desert Multipurpose Corridor, HDMC, funds identified in the expenditure plan for right-of-way, ROW, acquisitions to be, uh, repurposed to the High Desert Corridor, HDC, Joint Powers Agency, JPA, for the fiscal year 2027, FY27 work program, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer, CEO, or their designee to negotiate and execute all necessary funding agreements with the HDC JPA. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. 8. Subject: State Route 71, SR 71 North Project Design Funding Gap, Planning and Programming 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider A, approving the programming of $5,750,000 in Measure M funds to support design activities for SR-71 North, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer or their designee to execute and/or amend all necessary programming documents and project agreements for the SR-71 North design activities. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. And if you think that I should do this a little bit differently, especially if there are 3, uh, 2 or 3 of these, let me know. 9. Subject: Measure M Multi-Year Subregional Program Update. San Gabriel Valley Subregion Planning and Programming 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Consider A, approving 1, uh, deobligating a net of $460,489 in Measure M Multi-Year Subregional Program MSP Active Transportation Program Expenditure Line 54 funds and reprogram project funds, uh, previously approved to meet the project schedules as shown in Attachment A. 2. Reprogramming of projects previously approved to meet the project schedules in Measure M MSP First Last Mile and Complete Streets Program, expenditure line 59, as shown in Attachment B. And B, authorizing the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, or their designee to negotiate and execute all necessary agreements and/or amendments for approved projects. 6 attachments, A through E, in the presentation. Uh, number 10, subject: Sepulveda Transit Corridor Planning and Programming, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, to A, execute modification number 12 to contract number AE67 085000 for the Sepúlveda Transit Corridor Environmental Review and Conceptual Engineering with HTA Partners. HTA, a joint venture between HNTB Corporation, Terry A. Hayes Associates Incorporated, and ACOM Technical Services Incorporated to provide additional technical services in the amount of $7,658,000 $836 for the preparation of documents necessary for state and federal environmental clearance of the recently approved Sepúlveda Transit Corridor Locally Preferred Alternative, LPA, increasing the total contract amount from $64,817,445 to $72,476,281 and extend the period of performance from June 30th, 2026 to, uh, December 31st 2028. B, increase the contract modification authority, uh, CMA, for contract number AE67085000 in the amount of $1,914,709, increasing the CMA from $8,495,350 to $10,410,059, and authorizing the CEO to execute individual contract modifications within the board-approved CMA. C, execute modification number 4 to contract number PS68039000 for the Sepulveda Transit Corridor. Community Participation Program with Ariano Associates LLC to provide additional strategic communications and community participation services in the amount of $2 million $287,508, increasing the total contract value from $4,861,759 to $7,149,267, and extending the period of performance from December 19th— I'm sorry, um, December 31st, 2027 to December 31st, 2028. And D, increase a CMA for contract number PS680 39000 in the amount of $500,000, increasing, uh, CMA from $351,493 to $851,493, and authorizing the CEO to execute Individual Contract Modifications within the board-approved CMA. 7 attachments, A1 through C2, and a presentation. And this one became interesting because it was not like your typical, let's say, A through, let's say, J. They use numbers here, so A1 through like A5, B1 through B5, and then C1 through, you know, C6. I'm using that as an example, but the attachments list will tell you exactly how that, how that went. So yeah, that's was how that rolled. Number 12, subject: K-Line Extension to Torrance. Project construction committee: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer, CEO, to execute execute modification number 13 to contract number AE634450000 with the— I believe this is STV Incorporated, STV— in the amount of $43 $96,451 to advance project design from 15% advance to conceptual engineering level, uh, to 30% preliminary engineering level, and conduct extensive third-party, uh, coordination and approval activities, activities for the K Line extension to Torrance project, formally referred to as the C Green Line extension, increasing the total contract value from $33,404,805 to $76,501,256, and extending the period of performance from June 30th, 2026 to May 31st, 2029. For attachments A through C and a presentation. Item number 13. Subject: Chatsworth Station ADA improvement project construction. 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer to create the Life of Project LOP budget, uh, by $1,645,350, uh, from $7 million Uh, $7,400,000— uh, let's see, $354,650 to $9 million, I think is what this is. And the Chatsworth ADA Station Improvement Project, which includes allowance for Increased Metrolink platform, uh, to work. Two attachments: A, and a presentation. And I know that the San Fernando Service Council has talked a little bit about the Chatsworth improvement project. And, uh, so far it seems like they can get around without too much difficulty. I know that North Hollywood has had some, uh, construction things going on that isn't affecting the busway, so looks like things are moving forward there. Item number 14, folks, and this one is, uh, Foothill Gold Line Extension Phase 2B, construction 3 to nothing. Authorize extension of Amendment Number 1 to the Master Cooperative Agreement, MCA, between Metro Gold Line Foothill Extension Construction Authority, authority, and the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, LACMTA, to reflect updates to key definitions and terms to ensure Alignment with the revised scope and operational requirements for the Metro Gold Line Phase 2B project. Attachment A. Two attachments: A and a presentation. Item number 15. Subject: K-Line's new traction power substation project construction, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider a) establishing a life of project, LOP, budget for the K-Line new traction power substation TPSS support project, project in the amount of 32, uh, correction, $38,450,000, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute Project-related agreements including contract and task order modifications up to the authorized LOP. Two attachments: A and a presentation. Item number 16, subject: Southbound Interstate 605/Beverly Boulevard, uh, Interchange Improvements Project Construction 3-0. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, to execute an Amendment 1 to Caltrans Design Cooperative COOP agreement 5147 to reallocate 5, uh, uh, no, what is this number? This number is $845,000, Jared. It's $845,000 in funding to transition the I-605 Beverly Boulevard Improvement Project, uh, to Caltrans. B, Construction Cooperative Agreement 5355 with Caltrans to replace existing Construction Cooperative Agreement 52-76. Construction coop agreement 53-55 identifies $5,991,000 in funding for Caltrans construction support and $34,496,120 in funding for the estimated capital cost. This CUP is necessary to transition the I-605 Beverly Boulevard improvements, uh, project construction phase to Caltrans. See Contract modification number 1 to contract number AE119748000 with David Evans and Associates Incorporated, DEA, in the amount of $300 Jared, you need to learn how to read these numbers. $693,970, increasing the contract value from $499,178 to $1,193,148 to finalize The Plans, Specifications, and Estimates package, uh, for construction provide design support services during the bidding and construction phase and extend the period of performance from November 28, 2026 to December 31, 2030. And D, any documents and agreements that are required for delivery for the I-605 Beverly Boulevard improvements project. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. And yes, I'm talking to myself on the podcast because I should really not be reading this bad. But when you're dealing with stuff that is complicated, sometimes you just gotta make the light of it and sort of make fun of yourself. I've actually called myself some names on other podcasts for this same thing, but this podcast I can't call myself those kinds of names. Names. As we try to keep this podcast as family-friendly as possible, we want to read you everything and explain things. This particular one, by the way, is all freeway, uh, specific stuff. It doesn't necessarily represent transit items, but ever since Metro became an entity in 1993, which came out of 3 companies. Uh, they sort of do everything around here. That's the long or the short of it. Uh, 19, subject: North Hollywood to Pasadena Bus Rapid Transit project construction, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider A, establishing a life of project LOP budget for the North Hollywood to Pasadena Bus Rapid Transit BRT project in the amount of $428,988,535, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute project-related agreements up to the authorized life of project budget. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. 20. Subject: Tapfair Media Manufacturing and, uh, Fulfillment Services. Finance and budget: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the Chief Executive Officer to award the following 5-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDIQ, firm-fixed unit price contracts for TAP Fair Media for Metro and TAP partner agencies for a total not to exceed NTE amount of $30,149,315 for the initial 3-year term and $11,975,535 for the first 1-year option and $12 million $28,294 for the second one-year option, for a total NTE cumulative amount $54,153,150. $44 inclusive of sales tax effective July 1st, 2026, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests, if any. Discipline 1: TAP Contactless Smart Cards. Manufacturing. 1. I-D-E-M-I-A America Corp. PS 128-86-0000. 2. Uh, Gaiskek G-I-E-S-E-C-K-E and Devrient, D-E-V-R-I-E-N-T, ePayments America Incorporated, P.S. 128-860-001. 3, Paragram ID High Point US Incorporated, PS 12886002. For Cole Ticket Solutions, PS 12886003. Discipline 2: Card Fulfillment and Distribution. One: Giesecke and Devrycent ePayments America Incorporated, PS 12886004. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. All right, gang, um, this probably means that they will start working on the credit card aspect of things very soon so that, uh You can use those as well as other tap media. So that'll be very interesting. I believe that's what this covers, uh, the contactless, um cards where you can just hold them to the system. They, they could possibly be prepaid. I'm not exactly sure, but it's in consent, and this is something I'd like to hear more about. But, um, they're not— unless they pull something from consent, it's probably just going to go through without a second thought. So Item number 23, uh, fiscal year 2026-27 transit fund allocations. Uh, this is supposed to say finance, but I just see I made a spelling mistake. Budget and Audit, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider approving $2.9 billion in fiscal year 2026-27 FY27 Transit Fund allocations for Los Angeles County jurisdictions, uh, transit operators, and Metro operations as shown in Attachment A. These allocations comply with federal, state, and local regulations and Metro Board-approved policies and guidances. Federal state funding allocations are $26 are subject to actual fund, uh, apportionments. B, approving fund exchanges and the estimated amount of $4,748,000 $879 for, uh, Metro's Transportation Development Act, TDD. Article 4, Allocation with Municipal Operators, share of the low Carbon Transit Operations Program, LCTOP. Uh, let's see. So, uh, then it says funding will be adjusted based on LCTOP actual allocations, and the FY27 budget will be amended as necessarily— as necessary to reflect the adjustments. C, approving fund exchanges in the estimated amount of $1,046,112 of Metro's proposition Prop C, uh, 40% allocation, uh, with Antelope Valley, Santa Clarita, Burbank, and Glendale's shares of the LCTOP. Funding will be adjusted based on LC TOP actual allocations, and the FY27 budget will be amended as necessary to reflect the adjustments. D, approving fund exchange of federal Section 53 2007 discretionary funded award— award— funds awarded to the Southern California Regional Transit, uh, Training Consortium, SCRTC, through Long Beach Transit in the amount of $400,000 with Metro's TDA Article 4 allocation, subject to financial federal, uh, uh, apportionments. If federal funds are not available for this fund exchange $400,000 in FY28 TDA Article 4 funds, which will be allocated to Metro off the top list of reimbursements. E, approving fund exchanges in the amount totaling a $16.7 million of Metro's federal Section 5307 share with municipal operators' shares of federal Sections 5337 and 5339, subject to final federal appropriations. And I believe this is the final letter here, F, authorizing the chief executive officer to adjust FY27 federal Section 5306 7 to urbanize Formula Section 5339 bus, uh, and bus facilities, and Section 5337, case of good repair allocations upon receipt of the financial was this, apportionment from the Federal Transit, was this, Administration, and amend the FY27 budget as necessary to reflect the adjustments. G, well, there is more. Okay, approve Approving project selection and programming of $6,062,927 for the Local Transit Services. This one is a subcommittee, LTSS. Zero emission vehicle, ZEV. Call for projects as shown in Attachment B. Uh, let's see, next is H, adopting a resolution designating Transportation Development Act, uh, TDA, and State Transit Assistance STA fund allocations in compliance with the terms and conditions of the locations attachment C and I, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute all necessary agreements amendments to existing agreements and FY27 budget amendments to implement the above funding programs. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. Item number 24. So far, this item is fiscal year 2027 audit plan, finance, budget, and audit, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: adopt the fiscal year 2020 FY27 proposed annual audit plan, Attachment A. 2 attachments, a, and a presentation. So lots of stuff coming out. And now I'm realizing when I said 19 and it moved to a different number, it was the page number. And all of these are this way because we're using regular page numbering. So the only way to really fix that is to use a running head, and I don't think that's necessary. Uh, 25. Uh, subject: Sustainability Program Assistance Services. Executive management: 4 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the chief executive officer to A, award a cost-plus fixed fee task order base contract number AE129745EN086 to Cumming Management Group Incorporated for Sustainability Program Assistance Services, SPAS, for a 3-year base term in amount not to exceed, NTE, $7,500,000 plus two one-year options in an NTE of $2,500,000 for each option year, and a total NTE amount of $12,500,000, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests if any, and B, award individual task orders and modifications up to the NTE contract amount of $7,500,000 or the project's authorized amount, whichever is is less. 4 attachments, A through C, and a presentation. 26, subject FY 2027, uh, committee and board meeting calendar, executive management. Received and filed. So, um, it just said executive management. I added the received and filed because, um, it just said executive management. Um, in the document, um, so, you know, that they forwarded on, um, there wasn't a voting number on it, so I believe it was a receive and file. If I'm wrong, then, um, somebody tell me and, uh, I'll make sure to notate that more carefully. But I believe it was a receive and file. But this says that the recommendation is to receive and file the FY 2027 committee and Board Meeting Calendar Attachment A, 2 Attachments A, and a Presentation. So unless, um, something has changed, we will expect that, uh, that'll be the case. So again, uh, This was FY 2020 committee and board meeting calendar. So this allows them to have all of their meetings scheduled and it's all set. Item 30. Subject: Automated Guided Vehicle, AGV, Replacement. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to award a 24-month firm fixed price, uh, contract number PS135749000 to Domatic Corporation, Domatic, for the automated guided vehicle, AGV, replacement to install 11 AGVs along with the Associated Software in the amount of $4,837,855, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests, if any. 3 attachments, uh, A through B, and a presentation. And yes, I now see the spelling error. Didn't notice that when reading it with speech. 31. Subject: Recruitment Services Bench Operations 3-0. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute modification number 2 to the Recruitment Services Bench Contract, uh, numbers PS9599000 with Partners in Diversity Incorporated, PS9599001 with uh, DeSanti, and PS959002 with David Gomez Partners to continue supporting the identification and placement of qualified candidates for professionals, management, and executive level positions across the agency an amount not to exceed, NTE, $200,000, increasing the cumulative contract value from $482,500 to $682,500, and extended the period of performance from September 1st, 2026 to August 31st, 2027. 7. 4 attachments, A through C, and a presentation. 32. Subject: Drone Security Monitoring Services. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute Modification Number 2 to contract number PS118995000 with Flying Lion Incorporated to continue to support security monitoring, emergency response, infrastructure inspections, and aerial situational awareness across the Metro Transit system in the amount of $497,764, increasing the contract value from $497,780 to $995,544, and extending the period of performance from July 22nd 2027 through July 22nd, 2029. For attachments A through C and a presentation. Yes, I remember this. I believe this was in, uh, the aforementioned meeting as part of the aforementioned consent calendar. So we don't really know what this is. Um, of course there are always airplanes flying overhead or helicopters or something, uh, from time to time, so they could be from anywhere. Uh, 33. Subject: Annual appointments to Metro's service councils. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Approved nominees of membership on Metro's Gateway Cities, San Fernando Valley, San Gabriel Valley, South Bay Cities, and Westside Central Service Councils. Attachment A, 4 attachments A through C, and a presentation. So, uh, you know, their biographies and various other things. The attachments were named, but we just put, um, you know, A through C and a presentation. Item 36: Subject: Accelerated Throne Mobile Restrooms Deployment. Operations 3-0. Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute Modification Number 1 to Contract Number OP12882000 with Throne Labs Incorporated to accelerate the development of the Throne Smart Restrooms and realign service levels in the not-to-exceed, NTE, amount of $3,060,590, increasing the total NTE contract amount from $21,138,608 to $24,000,000. $199,198. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. Subject: General public comment. Receive general public comment, consideration of items not on the posted agenda, including items to be presented, and if required Refer to staff items to be replaced on the agenda for action at a future meeting of the committee or board, and/or items requiring immediate action because of an emergency situation, or where the need to take immediate action came to the attention of the committee subsequent to the posting of the agenda. Comments from the public on items of public interest within committee's subject matter of jurisdiction. Finally, adjournment. And that ends the agenda package. So I hope that each and every one of you will come and see what the board is about. Uh, the meeting could be several hours long, but you don't have to stay through it all, and it is taped, and you can find recordings through boardagendas.metro.net as well. So, uh, please feel free to check out JaredRimer.com for updates. Uh, as soon as the board meeting is over and we get back to our location, we will update and post when the next board meeting will be. It'll be posted on our website where we host all of our meetings. And of course, meeting agendas are subject to be taken down. They're not meant for permanent storage, so get copies when you have time. We will keep copies on file, so if you need one, we can provide it to you, but Definitely be mindful of the fact that we will not be keeping documents long-term on our website. So— Uh, that is where we are. Um, so you can also contact me besides email at metro@jaredreimer.com. You can text or WhatsApp the phone number 804-442-6975, or you may go ahead and Call the comment line at area code 818-527-4754. So, uh, That is where we are. I hope that, uh, we will see everybody later and, um Until next podcast, everybody. I am Jared, and thanks for listening to today's program, giving you a quick website update and the agenda package from the board. See you all later."

## Full Transcript

[00:16] **Speaker A:** Hello gang, welcome to another edition of A Day in the Life of Jared, and I am Jared. And a couple of things before I get started. First of all, we have put up a new RSS option for people to get updates on what's new around the website. We will post short notices to update you on agenda package updates, such as the board, the AAC, the San Fernando Service Council, the Public Safety Advisory Committee, and of course we'll cover report updates, and we will of course put short notices about upcoming podcasts. The RSS feed is located at JaredRimer.com/Metro- updates.xml. Now you're probably sitting there going, well, I don't really use any of this type of stuff. I'm familiar with podcasting, but I don't really understand, you know, how to read it. Well, that's all well and good. You don't have to have it. It is used with an RSS reader such as Newsify, and you can put that URL into Newsify and you can get the updates pulled directly from us. Now, if you understand how to get content from places like The Source, which is LA Metro's own blog, or you are getting things from other sources like Bleeping Computer or my tech blog or any other website that has RSS, that's XML. So if you understand that, then you'll understand this. And we are going to keep it to a minimum. So if we do small updates, corrections to scripts, things of that nature we're not gonna update. But when we put something new up or we want to tell you about an upcoming podcast, that's what it'll be for. We also are going to try and get our social media back up and running. I've been on LinkedIn for the longest time but haven't been over there in a while. And of course, my Mastodon. Those who are not familiar with social media don't need to worry about any of this at the moment. Just know that if you're hearing this podcast for the first time, then everything is working, and welcome to a day in the life. When I implemented this recently to get it up and running, somebody had commented that the work that I'm doing is good because most people just think of basic accessibility, but what I'm doing is a little bit different, or at least That's what I'm trying to do. Now, I don't remember what exactly word for word they said, and the point is, is that they actually took a look at what I am doing and they are liking it. They reacted to the post and then they commented, so If that means something, then we're doing something good. No, I'm not sharing any personal details. Now, the bulk of this podcast is going to talk about the board agenda, and we are actually going to read the agenda as we always do. The package is very, very heavy. We've got contractual items, we've got all kinds of varying things, including things in consent, and we're trying to make sure that we provide people, besides the PDF, two different types of braille, as this podcast knows. And of course, we're always available if you need other formats. You want a 30-cell instead of the 40s we're providing? Done. If you're on a smaller display like the HumanWare eReader, you want a cell 18? I'll give you a cell 18. Just know that the files are going to be a lot larger than the 40, but I'm willing to accommodate. If I had to do it while my own 40 was in the shop for repair, then I'll do it for anybody who needs it. It's the least I can do. And you can contact me at any time by sending an email to metro— that's m-e-t-r-o— @jaredrimer.com. So the board agenda package I'm gonna read directly from the Braille, and if we need to explain anything, we'll do that. This file is being transcribed by Jared Reimer in Woodland Hills, California. We are providing EBAE, that's English Braille American Edition, and UEB files following eBay practices for ease of convenience. So basically I'm following eBay rules where, especially with lists, Unified English Braille needs spacing around the list. But because I'm making one source file and providing two copies, we're going to Ignore that rule. Now, English Braille American Edition requires other special care, such as checking to make sure that numbers are numbers, especially with all these contractual things we're gonna get into. Uh, some of them do contract correctly, while others may do things like add BLE. Although it does work, it's not exactly what we wanted. So there's special things that I need to do to get all of that to work. So I'm not gonna go into a whole lot of detail here, but just know that that is done. Both files are gonna be similar in page numbering. There may be some differences toward the end, but of course, YuiB eliminates 9 contractions. But for all intents and purposes, um, at least for a while, it will match. Uh, it will contain the entire text of the agenda except for things that may not be needed, including information on donating, record management, phone numbers that are not related to participation, and foreign language translations. I can't verify whether the translations are going to copy correctly from the source. So instead of doing that, I've decided that that's just not gonna work for me. And English Braille American Edition requires you to set the language, otherwise it won't work. UEB understands foreign language much better. Uh, this file is structured in list formatting where the first list is the item number and what it covers. The second is the recommendation. The third and fourth lists are subsections like A, B, C, and 1, 2, and 3 respectively. Additionally, when doing the agenda package, the attachments will be summarized in transcriber's notes. We used to omit those, so for example, it will say attachments A through C and a presentation, for example. You may also see the number of attachments as well. If there are none, nothing will be said. When attachments are present, the summaries will be listed in the second list, even if the items go 3 or 4 lists in. This file will include information on how to participate via telephone and online. The meeting starts on May 28th, 2026 at 10 AM. It's going to be in the boardroom, which is just outside of Union Station. Take the A, B, or D lines to Union Station and go toward the bus plaza where headquarters is up the ramp. Please call 323-466-3876 if you need complete detail from your location on how to get there. Board report numbers will be removed from the Braille copy. They are listed within the PDF and the page that hosts the meeting. These numbers are numbers like 2026-05248 or something similar. There have been times where we have skipped these types of numbers when editing and they have been read into the record, but for your purposes as a listener, they do not necessarily mean anything to you, especially if you're just listening to the podcast to see what is going on, to see if, you know, something may be of interest that you can bring to your agency. Uh, to participate online, please go to the Board Agenda's webpage at boardagendas.metro.net and find a link on the page to listen. You may also find telephone access info there or see below. Dial 888-978-8818. For English, dial the access code 546 4-7-2-4-9 followed by the pound key. For Spanish, dial the access code 7-2-9-2-8-9-2 followed by the pound key. Alright folks, so that is how you're going to join, and the link will be active roughly 5 minutes before starting time. You will also be able to get this information on the board webpage at jaredreimer.com/board if you forget. If you want to give written comments, send by email to boardclerk@metro.net and mention the item you are commenting on. Have comments in by 5 PM the day before the meeting. Board of Directors. Fernando Dutra, Chair. Jacqueline Dupont Walker, First Vice Chair. Catherine Barger, Second Vice Chair. Karen Bass, James Butts, Janice Han, Lindsay Horvath, Holly J. Mitchell, Ara J. Najarian, Imelda Padilla, Tim Sandoval, Hilda Solis, Katie Yurzlovsky, Gloria Roberts, non-voting member, and Stephanie Wiggins, Chief Executive Officer. Now let's get rolling because the agenda is now 34 Braille pages long. So the first item, of course, is Call to Order. It's an unnumbered item for those who are listening for the first time, and You can't have a meeting without saying you're ready to start one, right? Roll call. And then item number 1, approved consent items 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 31, 32, 33, and 36. Consent calendar items are approved by one motion unless held by a director for discussion and/or separate action. All consent calendar items are listed at the end of the agenda beginning on page 12. It also will start on page 14 in Braille. Uh, so both Braille copies will be on page number 14. Uh, so let's get, let's get started with non-consent with item number 3. Whose subject is Remarks by the Chair. Recommendation: Receive marks by the chair. So they'll probably talk about various things they're involved in in regards to updates and, and, uh, things they need to talk to us about. Now, if I were them And I knew about what exactly took place with the potential cyber attack. And I'm saying this carefully because we really don't know exactly what happened or anything else. We just read speculation and we haven't seen any news since initial reports came out. So if they're gonna do it, do this, this item or the next item would be advantageous for them. Now I'm an outsider, I listen to the meetings, I have no influence for Subject: Report by the Chief Executive Officer. Recommendation: Receive report by the Chief Executive Officer. 5. Subject: Board Officers. Recommendation: Election of board officers. So every year the board turns over, and usually this happens in June, but this year I believe they won't take effect until July. If my memory serves me correctly, the officers turn over in June. But we'll see how things go, right? 18. Subject: East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit Project. Uh, construction with no recommendation. So this is something else we're gonna do, uh, and I forgot to put this in our notes. Or maybe I did, uh, if there are any recommended stuff forwarded, we will notate it. And I need to get better with making sure that I keep to one format. Some instances in this file we use two parentheses, um, in others I've only used one. Um, in this item it says forwarded with no recommendations. Other, it'll have a vote like 3 to nothing, 4 to nothing, 5 to 1, whatever. Um, this is all in the agenda and I've not included that on a regular, but I think doing it this way within the item itself is, uh, at least notable so you know where it came from. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to a) establish a Life of Project, LOP, budget in the amount of $3,998,675,309 for the East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit project. B, amend the progressive Design Build Contract Number PS89616000 with the San Fernando Transit Constructors, SFTC, a joint venture JV of Skanska USA Civil West California District Incorporated, Skansa, and Stacy and Whitbeck Incorporated to implement the Phase 2 supplement of the project in the amount of 3— uh, no, it's gonna be $1,988,038,124, increasing the total contract value from $442,000— a million, million $916,240 to— to, uh, let's see, this is going to be $2,430,954,364. And C, award and execute all project Related agreements and modifications to existing contracts within the authorized LOP budget. 6 attachments, A through E, and a presentation. This is huge. This light rail project has been talked about for a while, and was approved, and now they're gonna get going with, uh, construction if they haven't already, and preparations for the next phase. And this will be interesting for the San Fernando Valley because we've really— according to what I've read, we've really been out of touch in regards to projects, although we did get the Orange Line, and that goes from North Hollywood to Chatsworth. It went from North Hollywood to practically Woodland Hills, and then it got built to Chatsworth, but we really haven't had any infrastructure upgrades since So when this gets built and gets put into service, this is, uh, going to get very interesting. Item number 22. Subject: fiscal year 2027 FY27 proposed budget, Finance, Audit and Budget, no vote. I'm adding that so that people understand that this was one of those that they just forwarded seems like it might have been part of consent. I don't normally sit on that committee, so I don't know, and I'm not going to speculate. But I will tell you, when you see that there was no vote, it just is here. Consider a adopting the proposed FY27 budget as presented in the budget documents provided in a separate, uh, transmittal and posted on metro.net, whose link was removed, but it's in the PDF. One, authorizing $9.7 billion annual consolidated expenditures to achieve goals and objectives set forth by the board adopted mission and goals. 2, authorizing a total of 12,321 FTEs of which 10,024 are represented FTEs and 2,297 are non-represented FTEs. 3, authorizing an average 3% performance-based merit increase for non-representative employees. The wage increases for represented employees in accordance with the pre-negotiated collective bargaining agreements is an average 4.0%. 4, authorizing a 5% adjustment to current non-represented job pay grade levels to reflect best practice. See Attachment A. 5. Approving the Life of Project, LOP, budget exceeding $5.0 million for new capital projects and LOP budget increases for existing projects exceeding $1.0 million. $1,000. Project details are presented in Attachment B. 6, authorize the CEO to execute Metrolinx continuing resolution to extend FY26 budget authorization through first quarter of FY27 until October 1st, 2026, and execute all necessary agreements between Metro and SCRRRA based on the continuing resolution. 7. Amend the proposed FY27 budget document by including 76 additional FTEs for the Department of Public Safety, DPS, to support the phased startup of the care-based multi-layered safety unit and $5.6 million in non-labor budget. 8. Authorize the CEO to execute contract modifications to extend the current Transit Law Enforcement contracts annually for up to 3 additional years, utilizing funds to be requested during future fiscal year's budget process. 9, amending the Proposed budget to include any board-approved actions currently under consideration from now to the end of the fiscal year, June 30th, 2026. And B, approving the reimbursement resolution declaring Metro's intention to issue debt in FY27 for capital projects as shown in Attachment C, with the provision with actual— or, oh, that actual debt issuance will require separate board approval. 6 attachments, A through E, and a presentation. So that's an example on the multi-list aspect of how this works. And yes, I do see the apostrophes. These apostrophes are, uh, not your typical apostrophe. Here I go again, not doing that work. That's an easy fix, but the file's readable. And, uh, I'll make sure to, uh, be more cautious of that. That's the one step I didn't do this time. It took me most of the day to actually produce the Braille. You actually can't go from PDF to Braille right away. And I knew about these apostrophes, but we push forward because the file is readable, and we'll make sure to do better with that. 43. Subject: Renewable Natural Gas, RNG, provided— uh, provider. Uh, recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer to A, award a 5-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDIQ contract, contract number OP132076000, with Shell Energy North America US LP for renewable natural gas RNG inclusive of a 5-year base in the not to exceed, NTE, amount of $140,004,228.05 and one 3-year option in the NTE amount of $88 million $902,684.81 for a combined NTE amount of $228,906,912.86. And B, execute individual task orders, transaction confirmations, and contract modifications up to 10% of the contract value. To attachments A and B— and by the way, this was heavily talked about in April through There was a protest at that time, and that meant that they could not take a vote. And, uh, it seems like they are going back to what they originally wanted to do, even though there was a different company that protested. So that was a 30 to 45 day holdover. So we'll see what happens with this particular item. Item 44, subject: public hearing on resolutions of necessity for East San Fernando Valley Light Rail Transit Project from April's meeting. Recommendation: adopt the proposed resolutions of necessity authorizing the commencement of eminent domain actions to acquire either the fee simple interest, fee interest, or certain improvements pertaining to, to Realty IPR for the properties identified in Attachment A and described as: A, 14529 Keswick Street, Van Nuys, California 91405, APN 2210030027, ESFV B 002A, or is that a 1? I think that might be a 1. Uh, then we have B002, and then, uh, another IPR, uh, interest-only, uh, notes in there. And then B for this item. 13287-13289 Van Nuys Boulevard, Pacoima, California 91331. APN, and then this is 2619017008. ESFV C005, I believe this is a 1, so both of these are 1s. Uh, then in parentheses in quotes we have C005, fee interest only. C13291 Van Nuys Boulevard. Pacoima, California 91331, APN 2619-017009, ESFV C0061. And by the way, these are hyphenated letter-number combinations. Should have mentioned that when reading them. Want to make that clear now. Then we have C- 006, IPR interests only. And D, 6429 Van Nuys Boulevard, Van Nuys, California 91401, APN 2236-023-001, ESFV A0021, A002, IPO interests only. The interest being acquired in the above listed properties are referred to herein as the property interests. Requires two-thirds vote of the full board. 6 attachments, A through B6, and a presentation. Uh, the next item is item number 45, subject, uh, 2026 FIFA World Cup readiness update. Recommendation: receive oral reports on preparations for the 2026 FIFA World Cup. One presentation. 46. Subject: governance, delivery, and operation options for the LA River Path Project. Motion. Uh, recommendation: approve, uh, motion by Bass and Solis that board, uh, that, that the board directs the chief executive officer or her designee to, uh, enter into all necessary agreements and subsequent amendments with the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, and/or the City of Los Angeles to carry out the LA River Path Governance Model study and to fully reimburse the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, and/or the City of Los Angeles for the full cost of the study. We further move that the board directs the CEO to have a Metro staff collaborate, uh, collaborate with the County of Los Angeles, the LACFCD, the City of Los Angeles, and all, uh, relative stakeholders including the United States Army Corps of Engineers on the LA River Path Governance Model Study by providing all requested project-related information, technical expertise, right-of-way data, uh, and then a Governance. Review best practices from other regions and report with recommendations on suitable models, options, and processes, including: 1. Identifying a project client of development delivery and optional and options. Uh, no, the word, Jared, is operation. Okay, the word is operation. Get it right. 2, uh, using an existing agency or authority of the project client. 3, creating a new joint powers authority, JPA, including recommendations for, uh, optimal membership and roles. For establishing a new authority or agency through existing or new state legislation, including the creation of a climate resilience district to serve as the project client, operator, or both. And 5, uh, retain Metro's current role as the project's developer, builder, and partner in the operation. B, project delivery. Study alternative delivery models to benefit the project, such as design-build-finance-operate-maintenance DBFOM, and other innovative procurement approaches. C, operations and maintenance. Research and report on operations and maintenance models, including one, an initial model for meeting operations and maintenance needs of the Downtown LA River Path Project, including, uh, security, public safety, graffiti abatement, uh, routine maintenance and long-term structural inspection and repair. And 2, a model for unified operations and maintenance program for the entire 51-mile LA River Bypass Uh, the LA Riverway and how it may relate to delivery of the Downtown LA River Path Project. Uh, D, sustainable funding. Develop recommendations for existing and potential new funding sources for the sustainable long-term stewardship of the Downtown LA River Path Project and/or the entire 51-mile LA Riverway, including: 1. Uh, realigning funding formulas for existing active transportation funding sources. Such as TDA Article 3, opportunities to address active transportation operation and maintenance funding in the Measure M decennial review process 3, new local or regional levies based on funding models for similar active transportation infrastructure in other jurisdictions, and 4, potential option revenue such as filming, social events, sponsorship, and advertising. E, stakeholder engagement. Engage with various agencies and project stakeholders to inform the research described above and the collaborative roles for delivery and option. And that is the end of non-consent. Item 47, subject closed session. A conference with legal counsel. Existing litigation, GC 54956.9. Uh, LAC case number 23-SMCV 03151. 2, MD Jamal Hassan, VLACMTA, LASC, case number 23STCV07223. 3, Marianne Yabut versus LACMTA, LASC, case number 24-CMCV-00325. B, conference with real estate negotiator, government code 5-4-9-5-6.8. Property: 1347 West Storm, uh, Parkway, Units E and F, Torrance, California. Agency negotiation: John Beck, Craig Justison, Negotiating party: Matt Elric and Kendra Braley of Rexford Industrial Realty Incorporated. Under negotiations: price and terms. C. Conference with labor negotiator. Government Code 54957.6. Agency Designated Representatives: Christian, uh, Leva, Don Jackson Perkins. Employee Opera, uh, Organizations: SMART, ACF, CME. ATU, TCU, and Teamsters. D, Public Employee Performance, uh, Evaluation, Government Code Section 54957, title Chief Executive Officer. So that's how the non-consent section is gonna go. So now we move to the aforementioned page 14 for the consent calendar. And there again are a lot of items, and we want to make sure that we cover these. As briefly, as clearly, and as accurately as we can. Let's go ahead now and move on over to the consent calendar. Consent calendar, uh, this is going to be items 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 32, uh, 31, 33, and 36. So let's get, uh, rolling on this. Item 2, subject minutes, recommendation approve minutes of the regular board meeting held April 23rd, 2026. Two attachments: minutes and public comments. That's exactly what it said. They're not A and B, they're, uh, specifically April 23rd minutes and April 23rd comments. 6, subject Guiding values for ad hoc board composition committee deliberations. Ad hoc board composition committee, 7 to 0 to 1. So 7 yes, 0 no, 1 abstention, probably. And, um, I believe there were more than 10, so maybe several apps in. I'm not sure. We're just gonna go what's here, um, and go from there. Recommendation: Adopt the guiding values to support and inform the ad hoc board committee's deliberations regarding governance considerations. Attachment A: 2 attachments, A and a presentation. 7. Subject: High Desert Corridor FY27 Work Program Planning and Programming 3-0. Recommendation: consider A, approving $9,338,470 in Measure M High Desert Multipurpose Corridor, HDMC, funds identified in the expenditure plan for right-of-way, ROW, acquisitions to be, uh, repurposed to the High Desert Corridor, HDC, Joint Powers Agency, JPA, for the fiscal year 2027, FY27 work program, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer, CEO, or their designee to negotiate and execute all necessary funding agreements with the HDC JPA. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. 8. Subject: State Route 71, SR 71 North Project Design Funding Gap, Planning and Programming 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider A, approving the programming of $5,750,000 in Measure M funds to support design activities for SR-71 North, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer or their designee to execute and/or amend all necessary programming documents and project agreements for the SR-71 North design activities. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. And if you think that I should do this a little bit differently, especially if there are 3, uh, 2 or 3 of these, let me know. 9. Subject: Measure M Multi-Year Subregional Program Update. San Gabriel Valley Subregion Planning and Programming 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Consider A, approving 1, uh, deobligating a net of $460,489 in Measure M Multi-Year Subregional Program MSP Active Transportation Program Expenditure Line 54 funds and reprogram project funds, uh, previously approved to meet the project schedules as shown in Attachment A. 2. Reprogramming of projects previously approved to meet the project schedules in Measure M MSP First Last Mile and Complete Streets Program, expenditure line 59, as shown in Attachment B. And B, authorizing the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, or their designee to negotiate and execute all necessary agreements and/or amendments for approved projects. 6 attachments, A through E, in the presentation. Uh, number 10, subject: Sepulveda Transit Corridor Planning and Programming, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, to A, execute modification number 12 to contract number AE67 085000 for the Sepúlveda Transit Corridor Environmental Review and Conceptual Engineering with HTA Partners. HTA, a joint venture between HNTB Corporation, Terry A. Hayes Associates Incorporated, and ACOM Technical Services Incorporated to provide additional technical services in the amount of $7,658,000 $836 for the preparation of documents necessary for state and federal environmental clearance of the recently approved Sepúlveda Transit Corridor Locally Preferred Alternative, LPA, increasing the total contract amount from $64,817,445 to $72,476,281 and extend the period of performance from June 30th, 2026 to, uh, December 31st 2028. B, increase the contract modification authority, uh, CMA, for contract number AE67085000 in the amount of $1,914,709, increasing the CMA from $8,495,350 to $10,410,059, and authorizing the CEO to execute individual contract modifications within the board-approved CMA. C, execute modification number 4 to contract number PS68039000 for the Sepulveda Transit Corridor. Community Participation Program with Ariano Associates LLC to provide additional strategic communications and community participation services in the amount of $2 million $287,508, increasing the total contract value from $4,861,759 to $7,149,267, and extending the period of performance from December 19th— I'm sorry, um, December 31st, 2027 to December 31st, 2028. And D, increase a CMA for contract number PS680 39000 in the amount of $500,000, increasing, uh, CMA from $351,493 to $851,493, and authorizing the CEO to execute Individual Contract Modifications within the board-approved CMA. 7 attachments, A1 through C2, and a presentation. And this one became interesting because it was not like your typical, let's say, A through, let's say, J. They use numbers here, so A1 through like A5, B1 through B5, and then C1 through, you know, C6. I'm using that as an example, but the attachments list will tell you exactly how that, how that went. So yeah, that's was how that rolled. Number 12, subject: K-Line Extension to Torrance. Project construction committee: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer, CEO, to execute execute modification number 13 to contract number AE634450000 with the— I believe this is STV Incorporated, STV— in the amount of $43 $96,451 to advance project design from 15% advance to conceptual engineering level, uh, to 30% preliminary engineering level, and conduct extensive third-party, uh, coordination and approval activities, activities for the K Line extension to Torrance project, formally referred to as the C Green Line extension, increasing the total contract value from $33,404,805 to $76,501,256, and extending the period of performance from June 30th, 2026 to May 31st, 2029. For attachments A through C and a presentation. Item number 13. Subject: Chatsworth Station ADA improvement project construction. 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the chief executive officer to create the Life of Project LOP budget, uh, by $1,645,350, uh, from $7 million Uh, $7,400,000— uh, let's see, $354,650 to $9 million, I think is what this is. And the Chatsworth ADA Station Improvement Project, which includes allowance for Increased Metrolink platform, uh, to work. Two attachments: A, and a presentation. And I know that the San Fernando Service Council has talked a little bit about the Chatsworth improvement project. And, uh, so far it seems like they can get around without too much difficulty. I know that North Hollywood has had some, uh, construction things going on that isn't affecting the busway, so looks like things are moving forward there. Item number 14, folks, and this one is, uh, Foothill Gold Line Extension Phase 2B, construction 3 to nothing. Authorize extension of Amendment Number 1 to the Master Cooperative Agreement, MCA, between Metro Gold Line Foothill Extension Construction Authority, authority, and the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, LACMTA, to reflect updates to key definitions and terms to ensure Alignment with the revised scope and operational requirements for the Metro Gold Line Phase 2B project. Attachment A. Two attachments: A and a presentation. Item number 15. Subject: K-Line's new traction power substation project construction, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider a) establishing a life of project, LOP, budget for the K-Line new traction power substation TPSS support project, project in the amount of 32, uh, correction, $38,450,000, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute Project-related agreements including contract and task order modifications up to the authorized LOP. Two attachments: A and a presentation. Item number 16, subject: Southbound Interstate 605/Beverly Boulevard, uh, Interchange Improvements Project Construction 3-0. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer, CEO, to execute an Amendment 1 to Caltrans Design Cooperative COOP agreement 5147 to reallocate 5, uh, uh, no, what is this number? This number is $845,000, Jared. It's $845,000 in funding to transition the I-605 Beverly Boulevard Improvement Project, uh, to Caltrans. B, Construction Cooperative Agreement 5355 with Caltrans to replace existing Construction Cooperative Agreement 52-76. Construction coop agreement 53-55 identifies $5,991,000 in funding for Caltrans construction support and $34,496,120 in funding for the estimated capital cost. This CUP is necessary to transition the I-605 Beverly Boulevard improvements, uh, project construction phase to Caltrans. See Contract modification number 1 to contract number AE119748000 with David Evans and Associates Incorporated, DEA, in the amount of $300 Jared, you need to learn how to read these numbers. $693,970, increasing the contract value from $499,178 to $1,193,148 to finalize The Plans, Specifications, and Estimates package, uh, for construction provide design support services during the bidding and construction phase and extend the period of performance from November 28, 2026 to December 31, 2030. And D, any documents and agreements that are required for delivery for the I-605 Beverly Boulevard improvements project. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. And yes, I'm talking to myself on the podcast because I should really not be reading this bad. But when you're dealing with stuff that is complicated, sometimes you just gotta make the light of it and sort of make fun of yourself. I've actually called myself some names on other podcasts for this same thing, but this podcast I can't call myself those kinds of names. Names. As we try to keep this podcast as family-friendly as possible, we want to read you everything and explain things. This particular one, by the way, is all freeway, uh, specific stuff. It doesn't necessarily represent transit items, but ever since Metro became an entity in 1993, which came out of 3 companies. Uh, they sort of do everything around here. That's the long or the short of it. Uh, 19, subject: North Hollywood to Pasadena Bus Rapid Transit project construction, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider A, establishing a life of project LOP budget for the North Hollywood to Pasadena Bus Rapid Transit BRT project in the amount of $428,988,535, and B, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute project-related agreements up to the authorized life of project budget. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. 20. Subject: Tapfair Media Manufacturing and, uh, Fulfillment Services. Finance and budget: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: authorize the Chief Executive Officer to award the following 5-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDIQ, firm-fixed unit price contracts for TAP Fair Media for Metro and TAP partner agencies for a total not to exceed NTE amount of $30,149,315 for the initial 3-year term and $11,975,535 for the first 1-year option and $12 million $28,294 for the second one-year option, for a total NTE cumulative amount $54,153,150. $44 inclusive of sales tax effective July 1st, 2026, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests, if any. Discipline 1: TAP Contactless Smart Cards. Manufacturing. 1. I-D-E-M-I-A America Corp. PS 128-86-0000. 2. Uh, Gaiskek G-I-E-S-E-C-K-E and Devrient, D-E-V-R-I-E-N-T, ePayments America Incorporated, P.S. 128-860-001. 3, Paragram ID High Point US Incorporated, PS 12886002. For Cole Ticket Solutions, PS 12886003. Discipline 2: Card Fulfillment and Distribution. One: Giesecke and Devrycent ePayments America Incorporated, PS 12886004. 3 attachments, A through B, and a presentation. All right, gang, um, this probably means that they will start working on the credit card aspect of things very soon so that, uh You can use those as well as other tap media. So that'll be very interesting. I believe that's what this covers, uh, the contactless, um cards where you can just hold them to the system. They, they could possibly be prepaid. I'm not exactly sure, but it's in consent, and this is something I'd like to hear more about. But, um, they're not— unless they pull something from consent, it's probably just going to go through without a second thought. So Item number 23, uh, fiscal year 2026-27 transit fund allocations. Uh, this is supposed to say finance, but I just see I made a spelling mistake. Budget and Audit, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: consider approving $2.9 billion in fiscal year 2026-27 FY27 Transit Fund allocations for Los Angeles County jurisdictions, uh, transit operators, and Metro operations as shown in Attachment A. These allocations comply with federal, state, and local regulations and Metro Board-approved policies and guidances. Federal state funding allocations are $26 are subject to actual fund, uh, apportionments. B, approving fund exchanges and the estimated amount of $4,748,000 $879 for, uh, Metro's Transportation Development Act, TDD. Article 4, Allocation with Municipal Operators, share of the low Carbon Transit Operations Program, LCTOP. Uh, let's see. So, uh, then it says funding will be adjusted based on LCTOP actual allocations, and the FY27 budget will be amended as necessarily— as necessary to reflect the adjustments. C, approving fund exchanges in the estimated amount of $1,046,112 of Metro's proposition Prop C, uh, 40% allocation, uh, with Antelope Valley, Santa Clarita, Burbank, and Glendale's shares of the LCTOP. Funding will be adjusted based on LC TOP actual allocations, and the FY27 budget will be amended as necessary to reflect the adjustments. D, approving fund exchange of federal Section 53 2007 discretionary funded award— award— funds awarded to the Southern California Regional Transit, uh, Training Consortium, SCRTC, through Long Beach Transit in the amount of $400,000 with Metro's TDA Article 4 allocation, subject to financial federal, uh, uh, apportionments. If federal funds are not available for this fund exchange $400,000 in FY28 TDA Article 4 funds, which will be allocated to Metro off the top list of reimbursements. E, approving fund exchanges in the amount totaling a $16.7 million of Metro's federal Section 5307 share with municipal operators' shares of federal Sections 5337 and 5339, subject to final federal appropriations. And I believe this is the final letter here, F, authorizing the chief executive officer to adjust FY27 federal Section 5306 7 to urbanize Formula Section 5339 bus, uh, and bus facilities, and Section 5337, case of good repair allocations upon receipt of the financial was this, apportionment from the Federal Transit, was this, Administration, and amend the FY27 budget as necessary to reflect the adjustments. G, well, there is more. Okay, approve Approving project selection and programming of $6,062,927 for the Local Transit Services. This one is a subcommittee, LTSS. Zero emission vehicle, ZEV. Call for projects as shown in Attachment B. Uh, let's see, next is H, adopting a resolution designating Transportation Development Act, uh, TDA, and State Transit Assistance STA fund allocations in compliance with the terms and conditions of the locations attachment C and I, authorizing the chief executive officer to negotiate and execute all necessary agreements amendments to existing agreements and FY27 budget amendments to implement the above funding programs. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. Item number 24. So far, this item is fiscal year 2027 audit plan, finance, budget, and audit, 3 to nothing. Recommendation: adopt the fiscal year 2020 FY27 proposed annual audit plan, Attachment A. 2 attachments, a, and a presentation. So lots of stuff coming out. And now I'm realizing when I said 19 and it moved to a different number, it was the page number. And all of these are this way because we're using regular page numbering. So the only way to really fix that is to use a running head, and I don't think that's necessary. Uh, 25. Uh, subject: Sustainability Program Assistance Services. Executive management: 4 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the chief executive officer to A, award a cost-plus fixed fee task order base contract number AE129745EN086 to Cumming Management Group Incorporated for Sustainability Program Assistance Services, SPAS, for a 3-year base term in amount not to exceed, NTE, $7,500,000 plus two one-year options in an NTE of $2,500,000 for each option year, and a total NTE amount of $12,500,000, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests if any, and B, award individual task orders and modifications up to the NTE contract amount of $7,500,000 or the project's authorized amount, whichever is is less. 4 attachments, A through C, and a presentation. 26, subject FY 2027, uh, committee and board meeting calendar, executive management. Received and filed. So, um, it just said executive management. I added the received and filed because, um, it just said executive management. Um, in the document, um, so, you know, that they forwarded on, um, there wasn't a voting number on it, so I believe it was a receive and file. If I'm wrong, then, um, somebody tell me and, uh, I'll make sure to notate that more carefully. But I believe it was a receive and file. But this says that the recommendation is to receive and file the FY 2027 committee and Board Meeting Calendar Attachment A, 2 Attachments A, and a Presentation. So unless, um, something has changed, we will expect that, uh, that'll be the case. So again, uh, This was FY 2020 committee and board meeting calendar. So this allows them to have all of their meetings scheduled and it's all set. Item 30. Subject: Automated Guided Vehicle, AGV, Replacement. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to award a 24-month firm fixed price, uh, contract number PS135749000 to Domatic Corporation, Domatic, for the automated guided vehicle, AGV, replacement to install 11 AGVs along with the Associated Software in the amount of $4,837,855, subject to the resolution of any properly submitted protests, if any. 3 attachments, uh, A through B, and a presentation. And yes, I now see the spelling error. Didn't notice that when reading it with speech. 31. Subject: Recruitment Services Bench Operations 3-0. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute modification number 2 to the Recruitment Services Bench Contract, uh, numbers PS9599000 with Partners in Diversity Incorporated, PS9599001 with uh, DeSanti, and PS959002 with David Gomez Partners to continue supporting the identification and placement of qualified candidates for professionals, management, and executive level positions across the agency an amount not to exceed, NTE, $200,000, increasing the cumulative contract value from $482,500 to $682,500, and extended the period of performance from September 1st, 2026 to August 31st, 2027. 7. 4 attachments, A through C, and a presentation. 32. Subject: Drone Security Monitoring Services. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute Modification Number 2 to contract number PS118995000 with Flying Lion Incorporated to continue to support security monitoring, emergency response, infrastructure inspections, and aerial situational awareness across the Metro Transit system in the amount of $497,764, increasing the contract value from $497,780 to $995,544, and extending the period of performance from July 22nd 2027 through July 22nd, 2029. For attachments A through C and a presentation. Yes, I remember this. I believe this was in, uh, the aforementioned meeting as part of the aforementioned consent calendar. So we don't really know what this is. Um, of course there are always airplanes flying overhead or helicopters or something, uh, from time to time, so they could be from anywhere. Uh, 33. Subject: Annual appointments to Metro's service councils. Operations: 3 to nothing. Recommendation: Approved nominees of membership on Metro's Gateway Cities, San Fernando Valley, San Gabriel Valley, South Bay Cities, and Westside Central Service Councils. Attachment A, 4 attachments A through C, and a presentation. So, uh, you know, their biographies and various other things. The attachments were named, but we just put, um, you know, A through C and a presentation. Item 36: Subject: Accelerated Throne Mobile Restrooms Deployment. Operations 3-0. Authorize the Chief Executive Officer to execute Modification Number 1 to Contract Number OP12882000 with Throne Labs Incorporated to accelerate the development of the Throne Smart Restrooms and realign service levels in the not-to-exceed, NTE, amount of $3,060,590, increasing the total NTE contract amount from $21,138,608 to $24,000,000. $199,198. 5 attachments, A through D, and a presentation. Subject: General public comment. Receive general public comment, consideration of items not on the posted agenda, including items to be presented, and if required Refer to staff items to be replaced on the agenda for action at a future meeting of the committee or board, and/or items requiring immediate action because of an emergency situation, or where the need to take immediate action came to the attention of the committee subsequent to the posting of the agenda. Comments from the public on items of public interest within committee's subject matter of jurisdiction. Finally, adjournment. And that ends the agenda package. So I hope that each and every one of you will come and see what the board is about. Uh, the meeting could be several hours long, but you don't have to stay through it all, and it is taped, and you can find recordings through boardagendas.metro.net as well. So, uh, please feel free to check out JaredRimer.com for updates. Uh, as soon as the board meeting is over and we get back to our location, we will update and post when the next board meeting will be. It'll be posted on our website where we host all of our meetings. And of course, meeting agendas are subject to be taken down. They're not meant for permanent storage, so get copies when you have time. We will keep copies on file, so if you need one, we can provide it to you, but Definitely be mindful of the fact that we will not be keeping documents long-term on our website. So— Uh, that is where we are. Um, so you can also contact me besides email at metro@jaredreimer.com. You can text or WhatsApp the phone number 804-442-6975, or you may go ahead and Call the comment line at area code 818-527-4754. So, uh, That is where we are. I hope that, uh, we will see everybody later and, um Until next podcast, everybody. I am Jared, and thanks for listening to today's program, giving you a quick website update and the agenda package from the board. See you all later.
