# Democrats Behaving Badly: Talarico, Becerra, and Mamdani, Plus Cyberattacks Coming

**Show:** Patriot TV
**Date Published:** 2026-07-04
**Date Found:** 2026-07-04
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/democrats-behaving-badly-talarico-becerra-and-mamdani-plus-cyberattacks-coming--72815139?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 67 minutes

## Summary

This 67-minute episode of Patriot TV mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Patriot TV

## Key Moment

> "It's Patriot TV time. I am your host JD Rucker, and this is technically speaking— we can say that we've done many Patriot TV shows in the past, but this is the first official show that's just called Patriot TV with JD Rucker. I have my normal show, which many of you may have already watched, um, runs Monday through Friday noon Pacific at, uh, on Rumble and various other— obviously the various podcast networks, you can find that at The JD Rucker Show. But, but this is Patriot TV, it's a different flavor. We, we actually take very specific types of stories to focus on at Patriot TV, whereas The JD Rucker Show is pretty much whatever I want to talk about. Look, if I want to talk about, about beef bacon, which is a great alternative to pork bacon— nothing wrong with pork bacon, got no problem with it Just saying, I have found that, that beef bacon is fantastic. But I'm not going to talk about beef bacon here at Patriot TV. We're going to talk about Democrats, we're going to talk about RINOs, we're going to talk about, about people and organizations and countries and parties that are trying to destroy the United States of America. We're also going to be talking about those who are trying to fix and save and help the United States of America. For a quick introduction, again, my name is JD Rucker. Obviously, I am, I am a, a Christian, a, a man of God. I am a husband and a father. I'm out here in Commiefornia, been out here for two decades, sort of stuck out here, got my reasons, no need to get into those. But I am a patriot, and that's something that I take, take to heart. I am a Trump supporter. That is very clear. I, I don't generally go against Trump. With that said, I have no problem with calling him out. If you, you think I'm a Trump sycophant, I am not. Look, if he says or does things that I disagree with, I'm going to call him out for it, and I'll do that with anybody. And vice versa is true too. Look, in the very, very, very, very rare occasion when a Democrat or a RINO does something positive, I'm gonna Tell them that that's good. Okay, I call balls and strikes. That's one thing I can promise you. I'm not going to sit here with any, any agenda to promote this even if I disagree with it, or to, to downplay that, or just because it's, you know, I'm getting paid. We do have sponsors on this show and we'll always take more. You can always reach out to me directly by going to jdrucker.com/talk. jdrucker.com/talk. But yeah, I mean, we take sponsors, but we don't take corporate sponsors. In other words, uh, if somebody needs help with, uh, promoting their patriotic, uh, products, their America First products, their Christian products, anything like that, I'm all for it. I have to test it first though. That's one of my, my criterias. Uh, I don't like— I won't promote something that I don't know enough about. I've done that in the past, I'll admit it. And it has always come back to bite me. Even if it doesn't, I shouldn't say it always comes back to bite me, it's always made me feel bad if I promote something as, oh, this stuff is supposed to work. Even when I say, look, I've never actually tried it, and I will say that from time to time, just as an example, you know, with Jace Medical, I love Jace. Jace has been my sponsor for years, but I've never tried their food. They sell survival food now. I've never tried it, so I don't endorse it. I do mention that yes, they do sell survival food at J.D. Rucker. .com/meds. jdrucker.com/meds. See how I work that in? Magic. But I'm not going to say, oh, you know, their, their stuff is amazing. A lot of their stuff is, and I have tried it. Their Jace case, their med kits, top of the— top notch, top of the line, amazing stuff, and at very reasonable prices for those who need long-term storage meds. If you need whatever, you you know, you need, um, chronic meds for diabetes or heart disease or anything like that, you want antibiotics that you want to be able to store away just in case the pharmacies aren't always available or active, Jace is the place to go. And again, you can get there by going to jdrucker.com/meds. But their survival food, I'll mention they've got them. Never tried one. I, I'm— and it's not because I have any concern, I'm sure that it's great. I just, I have somebody that I use and they're, they're definitely good. So, but we won't talk about them until later on in the show. So what can you expect? This show is going to be focused on the political side. You know, the JD Rucker Show, we do get pretty darn faith-oriented on pretty much every show. It's not that I'm not going to shy away or, or hide from my faith. I am a Christian, as I noted. That is my My primary identity, since we're in a world of identity politics, I, I identify as somebody who has been saved by my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. But with that said, this show is going to be more patriotic, more— I don't want to even say secular, just more political. I am still going to talk about God, I am still going to talk about the Holy Spirit, and I'm definitely going to still talk about Jesus. But the focus here again is on highlighting the the pros, the cons in the political world, the things that we need to be supporting, the things we need to be opposing. And I'd like to do it from a strategic perspective. In other words, this isn't just a rant show where I'm gonna go, oh my gosh, it's so bad, Gavin Newsom, and, and oh, they're just— he's horrible, he's just terrible. Look, if it's not going to be helpful, there's no point of bringing it up. We'll be talking today about James Tallarico, for example, and I will be offering strategies that we need to employ to, to stop James Talarico from winning his, uh, a U.S. Senate seat in the great state of Texas. There has not been a Democrat that has won a statewide election in over 3 decades, and I want to keep that streak going. And so we offer, offer ways, ways to, to help Ken Paxton win his election. We'll be talking about, about Javier Becerra, who is also running, this time in California, running to be governor, trying to defeat Steve Hilton, the Republican. And yeah, there's information that we need to get out there. Most of the time, you know, the most important thing that anybody can do when trying to help a situation is to pray. That is, I am a firm believer in the power of prayer, the necessity of prayer, and just It's do it, just do it. Okay, but then I shouldn't say but, and I'll say on top of prayer, information is our greatest friend, our greatest ally. There's not enough of it. Okay, there's the information's available, but as we can see with the Democrat Socialists of America winning all these Democrat primaries, that's based upon ignorance. You can't convince me that even, even far-left Democrats want to let out all the murderers and rapists. They don't. Apparently they don't know that that's what the DSA wants. And it's not a surprise. It's not hidden away somewhere. This is stated like on their website. This is part of their platform. So our second best. Way of, of helping is to inform as many people as possible. Talk about Zohram Momdani and what he's doing to destroy not just New York, but, but as the, in many ways, the figurehead and the ideological, uh, we'll call him successor to Bernie Sanders. You know, there's, there's AOC. Yes, I know that she has a role to play in all of this, but Zohram Momdani is getting a lot more attention than I think even, even the Democrats had expected. He's getting a ton. Then you've got Nithya Raman, who's almost certainly going to be the next mayor of Los Angeles. Yes, I do strongly believe that she is going to defeat Karen Bass. So where does that put us? Well, it puts us in a pretty darn bad situation. So that's the flavor. 3, 4, 5 stories a day, every day for 1 hour. Subscribe to me. You can find all of my stuff over at jdrucker.com, and you can find Patriot.tv on Rumble. That is where you will find my show on a daily basis. So with that said, let's get this party started. I've got my, my notes ready, I've got my stories. Here we go. By just about every measure, James Talarico should not be a serious candidate for the United States Senate representing the state of Texas. He is not a Texas guy, at least that's what we've been told. That's what we've been telling each other. I've said it myself, this guy doesn't belong in the US Senate, period, and especially representing a quote unquote red state like Texas, even though, like I've said for a long time, Texas is really a purple state. It's just been able to maintain a Republican majority because we've held on to it, not because there aren't enough Democrats there to change that. Now, in the past, they've actually been able to challenge, challenge in the U.S. Senate and statewide elections. They haven't been able to win one for over 3 decades, but at least they have been challenging. The challenge that they've had in challenging Republicans in Texas is that they put up the wrong candidates. Well, James Talarico may be the right candidate. There's two things that concern me the most about him. Number one, he is extraordinarily well spoken. You know, you could say what you will, you could look at him and say, oh my gosh, is this guy even a guy? I mean, there have been questions about his, his manhood. Uh, there have been a lot of questions about his, his faith, or lack thereof, or perversion of faith really. He's a heretic. And there have been a lot of questions about his past, but they're lying telling bald-faced lies. And unfortunately, I think it's working. I really do, because again, he is well-spoken. He does come across— he's got an aura about him, possibly demonic, but who knows. The second thing I'm most concerned about is, is complacency. We have not been getting the word out. Don't forget, they're going to sink up to a quarter billion dollars into trying to get this state— this is the most important state for them in the Senate races. Sure, they want Maine, they want any Senate seat they can get, but if they can get Texas, that is, that is a symbolic win. That is a win in so many different ways. It will fuel the Democrat Party going forward if they are to win. This is the most important Senate race out there, period, hands down, not even close. And like I said, with their, their huge amounts of money that they're going to sink into this this election, we cannot be complacent. And if you need any more evidence, just look to a recent poll. According to Just the News, Texas's U.S. Senate race statistically tied in a new poll. Again, this is a guy who is, he's heretical, he is trying to fight his, his image of being a vegan, trying to fight things that he said about about transgender kids, things that he's done in the legislature in Texas. He's fighting it all. But here's the thing: don't underestimate the ignorance of voters. With a well-spoken candidate with a lot of money behind him, you can erase almost anything."
> — Speaker B at 01:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:00] Speaker B: "It's Patriot TV time. I am your host JD Rucker, and this is technically speaking— we can say that we've done many Patriot TV shows in the past, but this is the first official show that's just called Patriot TV with JD Rucker. I have my normal show, which many of you may have already watched, um, runs Monday through Friday noon Pacific at, uh, on Rumble and various other— obviously the various podcast networks, you can find that at The JD Rucker Show. But, but this is Patriot TV, it's a different flavor. We, we actually take very specific types of stories to focus on at Patriot TV, whereas The JD Rucker Show is pretty much whatever I want to talk about. Look, if I want to talk about, about beef bacon, which is a great alternative to pork bacon— nothing wrong with pork bacon, got no problem with it Just saying, I have found that, that beef bacon is fantastic. But I'm not going to talk about beef bacon here at Patriot TV. We're going to talk about Democrats, we're going to talk about RINOs, we're going to talk about, about people and organizations and countries and parties that are trying to destroy the United States of America. We're also going to be talking about those who are trying to fix and save and help the United States of America. For a quick introduction, again, my name is JD Rucker. Obviously, I am, I am a, a Christian, a, a man of God. I am a husband and a father. I'm out here in Commiefornia, been out here for two decades, sort of stuck out here, got my reasons, no need to get into those. But I am a patriot, and that's something that I take, take to heart. I am a Trump supporter. That is very clear. I, I don't generally go against Trump. With that said, I have no problem with calling him out. If you, you think I'm a Trump sycophant, I am not. Look, if he says or does things that I disagree with, I'm going to call him out for it, and I'll do that with anybody. And vice versa is true too. Look, in the very, very, very, very rare occasion when a Democrat or a RINO does something positive, I'm gonna Tell them that that's good. Okay, I call balls and strikes. That's one thing I can promise you. I'm not going to sit here with any, any agenda to promote this even if I disagree with it, or to, to downplay that, or just because it's, you know, I'm getting paid. We do have sponsors on this show and we'll always take more. You can always reach out to me directly by going to jdrucker.com/talk. jdrucker.com/talk. But yeah, I mean, we take sponsors, but we don't take corporate sponsors. In other words, uh, if somebody needs help with, uh, promoting their patriotic, uh, products, their America First products, their Christian products, anything like that, I'm all for it. I have to test it first though. That's one of my, my criterias. Uh, I don't like— I won't promote something that I don't know enough about. I've done that in the past, I'll admit it. And it has always come back to bite me. Even if it doesn't, I shouldn't say it always comes back to bite me, it's always made me feel bad if I promote something as, oh, this stuff is supposed to work. Even when I say, look, I've never actually tried it, and I will say that from time to time, just as an example, you know, with Jace Medical, I love Jace. Jace has been my sponsor for years, but I've never tried their food. They sell survival food now. I've never tried it, so I don't endorse it. I do mention that yes, they do sell survival food at J.D. Rucker. .com/meds. jdrucker.com/meds. See how I work that in? Magic. But I'm not going to say, oh, you know, their, their stuff is amazing. A lot of their stuff is, and I have tried it. Their Jace case, their med kits, top of the— top notch, top of the line, amazing stuff, and at very reasonable prices for those who need long-term storage meds. If you need whatever, you you know, you need, um, chronic meds for diabetes or heart disease or anything like that, you want antibiotics that you want to be able to store away just in case the pharmacies aren't always available or active, Jace is the place to go. And again, you can get there by going to jdrucker.com/meds. But their survival food, I'll mention they've got them. Never tried one. I, I'm— and it's not because I have any concern, I'm sure that it's great. I just, I have somebody that I use and they're, they're definitely good. So, but we won't talk about them until later on in the show. So what can you expect? This show is going to be focused on the political side. You know, the JD Rucker Show, we do get pretty darn faith-oriented on pretty much every show. It's not that I'm not going to shy away or, or hide from my faith. I am a Christian, as I noted. That is my My primary identity, since we're in a world of identity politics, I, I identify as somebody who has been saved by my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. But with that said, this show is going to be more patriotic, more— I don't want to even say secular, just more political. I am still going to talk about God, I am still going to talk about the Holy Spirit, and I'm definitely going to still talk about Jesus. But the focus here again is on highlighting the the pros, the cons in the political world, the things that we need to be supporting, the things we need to be opposing. And I'd like to do it from a strategic perspective. In other words, this isn't just a rant show where I'm gonna go, oh my gosh, it's so bad, Gavin Newsom, and, and oh, they're just— he's horrible, he's just terrible. Look, if it's not going to be helpful, there's no point of bringing it up. We'll be talking today about James Tallarico, for example, and I will be offering strategies that we need to employ to, to stop James Talarico from winning his, uh, a U.S. Senate seat in the great state of Texas. There has not been a Democrat that has won a statewide election in over 3 decades, and I want to keep that streak going. And so we offer, offer ways, ways to, to help Ken Paxton win his election. We'll be talking about, about Javier Becerra, who is also running, this time in California, running to be governor, trying to defeat Steve Hilton, the Republican. And yeah, there's information that we need to get out there. Most of the time, you know, the most important thing that anybody can do when trying to help a situation is to pray. That is, I am a firm believer in the power of prayer, the necessity of prayer, and just It's do it, just do it. Okay, but then I shouldn't say but, and I'll say on top of prayer, information is our greatest friend, our greatest ally. There's not enough of it. Okay, there's the information's available, but as we can see with the Democrat Socialists of America winning all these Democrat primaries, that's based upon ignorance. You can't convince me that even, even far-left Democrats want to let out all the murderers and rapists. They don't. Apparently they don't know that that's what the DSA wants. And it's not a surprise. It's not hidden away somewhere. This is stated like on their website. This is part of their platform. So our second best. Way of, of helping is to inform as many people as possible. Talk about Zohram Momdani and what he's doing to destroy not just New York, but, but as the, in many ways, the figurehead and the ideological, uh, we'll call him successor to Bernie Sanders. You know, there's, there's AOC. Yes, I know that she has a role to play in all of this, but Zohram Momdani is getting a lot more attention than I think even, even the Democrats had expected. He's getting a ton. Then you've got Nithya Raman, who's almost certainly going to be the next mayor of Los Angeles. Yes, I do strongly believe that she is going to defeat Karen Bass. So where does that put us? Well, it puts us in a pretty darn bad situation. So that's the flavor. 3, 4, 5 stories a day, every day for 1 hour. Subscribe to me. You can find all of my stuff over at jdrucker.com, and you can find Patriot.tv on Rumble. That is where you will find my show on a daily basis. So with that said, let's get this party started. I've got my, my notes ready, I've got my stories. Here we go. By just about every measure, James Talarico should not be a serious candidate for the United States Senate representing the state of Texas. He is not a Texas guy, at least that's what we've been told. That's what we've been telling each other. I've said it myself, this guy doesn't belong in the US Senate, period, and especially representing a quote unquote red state like Texas, even though, like I've said for a long time, Texas is really a purple state. It's just been able to maintain a Republican majority because we've held on to it, not because there aren't enough Democrats there to change that. Now, in the past, they've actually been able to challenge, challenge in the U.S. Senate and statewide elections. They haven't been able to win one for over 3 decades, but at least they have been challenging. The challenge that they've had in challenging Republicans in Texas is that they put up the wrong candidates. Well, James Talarico may be the right candidate. There's two things that concern me the most about him. Number one, he is extraordinarily well spoken. You know, you could say what you will, you could look at him and say, oh my gosh, is this guy even a guy? I mean, there have been questions about his, his manhood. Uh, there have been a lot of questions about his, his faith, or lack thereof, or perversion of faith really. He's a heretic. And there have been a lot of questions about his past, but they're lying telling bald-faced lies. And unfortunately, I think it's working. I really do, because again, he is well-spoken. He does come across— he's got an aura about him, possibly demonic, but who knows. The second thing I'm most concerned about is, is complacency. We have not been getting the word out. Don't forget, they're going to sink up to a quarter billion dollars into trying to get this state— this is the most important state for them in the Senate races. Sure, they want Maine, they want any Senate seat they can get, but if they can get Texas, that is, that is a symbolic win. That is a win in so many different ways. It will fuel the Democrat Party going forward if they are to win. This is the most important Senate race out there, period, hands down, not even close. And like I said, with their, their huge amounts of money that they're going to sink into this this election, we cannot be complacent. And if you need any more evidence, just look to a recent poll. According to Just the News, Texas's U.S. Senate race statistically tied in a new poll. Again, this is a guy who is, he's heretical, he is trying to fight his, his image of being a vegan, trying to fight things that he said about about transgender kids, things that he's done in the legislature in Texas. He's fighting it all. But here's the thing: don't underestimate the ignorance of voters. With a well-spoken candidate with a lot of money behind him, you can erase almost anything."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** You know what? It sucks to be bored. But when I get on my phone and play real casino games on SpinQuest.com, the time flies by. That 2-hour wait at the DMV seems like 10 minutes. Play your favorite slots, live blackjack, live craps with a live dealer. New players, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10. Play SpinQuest.com and you'll never be bored again.

[00:24] **Speaker B:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details.

[00:30] **Speaker C:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck's loans up to $400,000 help make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[01:00] **Speaker B:** It's Patriot TV time. I am your host JD Rucker, and this is technically speaking— we can say that we've done many Patriot TV shows in the past, but this is the first official show that's just called Patriot TV with JD Rucker. I have my normal show, which many of you may have already watched, um, runs Monday through Friday noon Pacific at, uh, on Rumble and various other— obviously the various podcast networks, you can find that at The JD Rucker Show. But, but this is Patriot TV, it's a different flavor. We, we actually take very specific types of stories to focus on at Patriot TV, whereas The JD Rucker Show is pretty much whatever I want to talk about. Look, if I want to talk about, about beef bacon, which is a great alternative to pork bacon— nothing wrong with pork bacon, got no problem with it Just saying, I have found that, that beef bacon is fantastic. But I'm not going to talk about beef bacon here at Patriot TV. We're going to talk about Democrats, we're going to talk about RINOs, we're going to talk about, about people and organizations and countries and parties that are trying to destroy the United States of America. We're also going to be talking about those who are trying to fix and save and help the United States of America. For a quick introduction, again, my name is JD Rucker. Obviously, I am, I am a, a Christian, a, a man of God. I am a husband and a father. I'm out here in Commiefornia, been out here for two decades, sort of stuck out here, got my reasons, no need to get into those. But I am a patriot, and that's something that I take, take to heart. I am a Trump supporter. That is very clear. I, I don't generally go against Trump. With that said, I have no problem with calling him out. If you, you think I'm a Trump sycophant, I am not. Look, if he says or does things that I disagree with, I'm going to call him out for it, and I'll do that with anybody. And vice versa is true too. Look, in the very, very, very, very rare occasion when a Democrat or a RINO does something positive, I'm gonna Tell them that that's good. Okay, I call balls and strikes. That's one thing I can promise you. I'm not going to sit here with any, any agenda to promote this even if I disagree with it, or to, to downplay that, or just because it's, you know, I'm getting paid. We do have sponsors on this show and we'll always take more. You can always reach out to me directly by going to jdrucker.com/talk. jdrucker.com/talk. But yeah, I mean, we take sponsors, but we don't take corporate sponsors. In other words, uh, if somebody needs help with, uh, promoting their patriotic, uh, products, their America First products, their Christian products, anything like that, I'm all for it. I have to test it first though. That's one of my, my criterias. Uh, I don't like— I won't promote something that I don't know enough about. I've done that in the past, I'll admit it. And it has always come back to bite me. Even if it doesn't, I shouldn't say it always comes back to bite me, it's always made me feel bad if I promote something as, oh, this stuff is supposed to work. Even when I say, look, I've never actually tried it, and I will say that from time to time, just as an example, you know, with Jace Medical, I love Jace. Jace has been my sponsor for years, but I've never tried their food. They sell survival food now. I've never tried it, so I don't endorse it. I do mention that yes, they do sell survival food at J.D. Rucker. .com/meds. jdrucker.com/meds. See how I work that in? Magic. But I'm not going to say, oh, you know, their, their stuff is amazing. A lot of their stuff is, and I have tried it. Their Jace case, their med kits, top of the— top notch, top of the line, amazing stuff, and at very reasonable prices for those who need long-term storage meds. If you need whatever, you you know, you need, um, chronic meds for diabetes or heart disease or anything like that, you want antibiotics that you want to be able to store away just in case the pharmacies aren't always available or active, Jace is the place to go. And again, you can get there by going to jdrucker.com/meds. But their survival food, I'll mention they've got them. Never tried one. I, I'm— and it's not because I have any concern, I'm sure that it's great. I just, I have somebody that I use and they're, they're definitely good. So, but we won't talk about them until later on in the show. So what can you expect? This show is going to be focused on the political side. You know, the JD Rucker Show, we do get pretty darn faith-oriented on pretty much every show. It's not that I'm not going to shy away or, or hide from my faith. I am a Christian, as I noted. That is my My primary identity, since we're in a world of identity politics, I, I identify as somebody who has been saved by my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. But with that said, this show is going to be more patriotic, more— I don't want to even say secular, just more political. I am still going to talk about God, I am still going to talk about the Holy Spirit, and I'm definitely going to still talk about Jesus. But the focus here again is on highlighting the the pros, the cons in the political world, the things that we need to be supporting, the things we need to be opposing. And I'd like to do it from a strategic perspective. In other words, this isn't just a rant show where I'm gonna go, oh my gosh, it's so bad, Gavin Newsom, and, and oh, they're just— he's horrible, he's just terrible. Look, if it's not going to be helpful, there's no point of bringing it up. We'll be talking today about James Tallarico, for example, and I will be offering strategies that we need to employ to, to stop James Talarico from winning his, uh, a U.S. Senate seat in the great state of Texas. There has not been a Democrat that has won a statewide election in over 3 decades, and I want to keep that streak going. And so we offer, offer ways, ways to, to help Ken Paxton win his election. We'll be talking about, about Javier Becerra, who is also running, this time in California, running to be governor, trying to defeat Steve Hilton, the Republican. And yeah, there's information that we need to get out there. Most of the time, you know, the most important thing that anybody can do when trying to help a situation is to pray. That is, I am a firm believer in the power of prayer, the necessity of prayer, and just It's do it, just do it. Okay, but then I shouldn't say but, and I'll say on top of prayer, information is our greatest friend, our greatest ally. There's not enough of it. Okay, there's the information's available, but as we can see with the Democrat Socialists of America winning all these Democrat primaries, that's based upon ignorance. You can't convince me that even, even far-left Democrats want to let out all the murderers and rapists. They don't. Apparently they don't know that that's what the DSA wants. And it's not a surprise. It's not hidden away somewhere. This is stated like on their website. This is part of their platform. So our second best. Way of, of helping is to inform as many people as possible. Talk about Zohram Momdani and what he's doing to destroy not just New York, but, but as the, in many ways, the figurehead and the ideological, uh, we'll call him successor to Bernie Sanders. You know, there's, there's AOC. Yes, I know that she has a role to play in all of this, but Zohram Momdani is getting a lot more attention than I think even, even the Democrats had expected. He's getting a ton. Then you've got Nithya Raman, who's almost certainly going to be the next mayor of Los Angeles. Yes, I do strongly believe that she is going to defeat Karen Bass. So where does that put us? Well, it puts us in a pretty darn bad situation. So that's the flavor. 3, 4, 5 stories a day, every day for 1 hour. Subscribe to me. You can find all of my stuff over at jdrucker.com, and you can find Patriot.tv on Rumble. That is where you will find my show on a daily basis. So with that said, let's get this party started. I've got my, my notes ready, I've got my stories. Here we go. By just about every measure, James Talarico should not be a serious candidate for the United States Senate representing the state of Texas. He is not a Texas guy, at least that's what we've been told. That's what we've been telling each other. I've said it myself, this guy doesn't belong in the US Senate, period, and especially representing a quote unquote red state like Texas, even though, like I've said for a long time, Texas is really a purple state. It's just been able to maintain a Republican majority because we've held on to it, not because there aren't enough Democrats there to change that. Now, in the past, they've actually been able to challenge, challenge in the U.S. Senate and statewide elections. They haven't been able to win one for over 3 decades, but at least they have been challenging. The challenge that they've had in challenging Republicans in Texas is that they put up the wrong candidates. Well, James Talarico may be the right candidate. There's two things that concern me the most about him. Number one, he is extraordinarily well spoken. You know, you could say what you will, you could look at him and say, oh my gosh, is this guy even a guy? I mean, there have been questions about his, his manhood. Uh, there have been a lot of questions about his, his faith, or lack thereof, or perversion of faith really. He's a heretic. And there have been a lot of questions about his past, but they're lying telling bald-faced lies. And unfortunately, I think it's working. I really do, because again, he is well-spoken. He does come across— he's got an aura about him, possibly demonic, but who knows. The second thing I'm most concerned about is, is complacency. We have not been getting the word out. Don't forget, they're going to sink up to a quarter billion dollars into trying to get this state— this is the most important state for them in the Senate races. Sure, they want Maine, they want any Senate seat they can get, but if they can get Texas, that is, that is a symbolic win. That is a win in so many different ways. It will fuel the Democrat Party going forward if they are to win. This is the most important Senate race out there, period, hands down, not even close. And like I said, with their, their huge amounts of money that they're going to sink into this this election, we cannot be complacent. And if you need any more evidence, just look to a recent poll. According to Just the News, Texas's U.S. Senate race statistically tied in a new poll. Again, this is a guy who is, he's heretical, he is trying to fight his, his image of being a vegan, trying to fight things that he said about about transgender kids, things that he's done in the legislature in Texas. He's fighting it all. But here's the thing: don't underestimate the ignorance of voters. With a well-spoken candidate with a lot of money behind him, you can erase almost anything.

[12:47] **Speaker A:** What's going on, everyone? It's Bluff here. And you know what's more American than America's 250th birthday? Supporting American-owned companies like SpinQuest. America's number one social casino with over 1,000 games like live dealer blackjack and craps. They're offering new users a $30 coin package for just $10. Go to spinquest.com and sign up today.

[13:11] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[13:17] **Speaker D:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck's loans up to $400,000 make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[13:45] **Speaker B:** Maybe not for you, maybe not for me, but you and I don't represent a whole lot of the electorate. According to the article, the Republican Party will hold its first-ever midterm national convention in Dallas in September. As Texas U.S. Senate race is statistically tied. Political analysts and two new polls indicate the Republicans have a very real chance of losing the Texas U.S. Senate seat in November. Last time Democrats held a statewide office in Texas was in 1994. Democrats could regain control of Congress as historically the party of the incumbent in the White House loses seats in Congress in midterm elections. There's so much at stake here, folks. Two new polls show that Texas U.S. Senate race between Republican Attorney General Ken Paxton and, uh, Democrat State Senator James Talarico are statistically tied. The Democrat Party, quote, has a serious chance to win a Senate seat in Texas for the first time in a generation as Talarico begins the summer locked in a tight race with Paxton, who who is weighed down by past scandals. And we knew this going in. We knew the people that were trying to push John Cornyn or even Wesley Hunt, they always— they never pointed to Paxton's ideology, his effectiveness as Attorney General, his loyalty to America, to the Republican Party, to the MAGA movement, and to President Trump. None of that has ever been in question. But he has had some scandals. He's had some, some personal scandals. He's been attacked by the Republican Party in his state. Because for those who don't know, the GOP in Texas is not, is not your, your, what you would expect from a state that again is considered to be one of the strongest red states. It's not, statistically speaking, as we're seeing from this poll. And as far as the GOP itself, it has been very RINO-heavy for a long time. It's one of the reasons why I've been very supportive of Allen West, who has done everything he can in various roles in Texas to try to, try to set him straight. But even, even he found it very challenging. We have ammunition though. We have his past. We can get out there and get the information out to the voters as best we can. We might not have the money. We're not gonna spend anywhere near the amount of money that the Democrats are going to spend on this race. I wish we would, but There are rules, and Democrats are just more willing to bend those rules with small dollar donors going through ActBlue. Don't even get me started. That's a discussion for another day. Article over at Breitbart says James Tallarico says bill banning gender-affirming healthcare to trans children is Christofascism. This is the kind of thing, the type of information that we need to get out there. We have the ammunition to use against this campaign. We need to use it. Get this kind of story out there. This is over at Breitbart. Texas Democrat Senate candidate James Talarico was caught on video describing a Christofascism movement as he criticized legislation restricting gender-affirming care for transgender minors in the state's abortion law. Let's go ahead and play that. You saw it in the anti-LGBTQ legislation, including the bill that would have denied gender-affirming healthcare to trans children. And then of course, famously, infamously, we saw it last session with the most extreme abortion ban in the country. Um, all of these, um, all these ideologies stem from this, this Christofascism movement. Back to the article. According to it, Tallarico has repeatedly criticized Christian nationalism in sermons and interviews. In a 2023 sermon, he called it the worship of power— social power, economic power, political power— in the name of Christ. Again, this guy's a heretic, but again, he's a very well-spoken and very well-funded heretic, which means that most Texas voters will have no idea that he is a heretic if we don't do our job to get that information out there. This guy is is dangerous. And it's— this really is— you can't depend on legacy media. You have to look to conservative media. And all these stories, by the way, that I always post, you'll always be able to find these over at jdrucker.com. And I do have a special place in my heart for the Texas Senate race because I know how important it is. So go check out jdrucker.com. You'll find stories like this one over at the— from The Blaze. James Talarico— the title is James Talarico Pals Around with a Quote-Unquote Pedo Protector Who Brought a Convicted Sex Offender to a School. This should be disqualifying in the state of Texas. It should be technically disqualifying anywhere in the United States of America, but we know we have some blue states. But Texans need to know about this. And yes, it's on The Blaze, good publication, lots of traffic, not enough. Get the word out, spread stories like this. According to the article, Texas Senate hopeful James Talarico not only has a long history of strange comments about trans children and a non-binary god, he's now campaigning with Bobby Pulido, who Blaze TV host Sarah Gonzalez warns is a quote-unquote pedo protector. She said Bobby Pulido is not just close with James Talarico, Bobby Pulido is besties with the entire Texas Democrat team. I guess, because Bobby Pulido kicked off the entire Texas Democrat convention last week, as per his own tweets. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday.

[19:28] **Speaker C:** Now, all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and Live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[19:47] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[19:53] **Speaker D:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck's loans up to $400,000 make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[20:21] **Speaker B:** Pedo protector. Democrats love him, but there are still, as of now, more Republicans in Texas, and they need to know about this. They can get sucked in so easily. The attack ads against Paxton will make some Republicans and many independents question whether or not they want— they want a guy like that representing them. They need to be shown what the alternative is. Yes, do we need to promote Ken Paxton? Absolutely. But the most powerful play we can make in order to try to keep Texas and not let this evil man represent the state in the United States Senate— the best ammunition we have is coming from him. Not today. It's from his past, because today he's pretending like, oh, he drives a Chevy truck, he eats barbecue ribs, he's— he loves being a manly man with this girlfriend who apparently they never actually go out, but, but she's an ex-staffer who happens to be— oh yeah, there, this is totally my girlfriend, check her out. Give me a break. But don't underestimate— I can't repeat this enough— Do not underestimate the ignorance of voters. It is up to you and me to get the truth out about James Talarico.

[21:40] **Speaker D:** Stay out of my territory.

[21:44] **Speaker B:** The best place to get your news every day throughout the day is jdrucker.com. It's the only hand-curated news aggregator for conservatives and Christians that is 100% owned by me. So check it out, J.D. Rucker. So Rahm Emdani hates this nation. He wants to destroy it. He wants to tear it down and build it back up in his own vision. The question is, is that vision one of the Democrat socialists of America, the Marxists who are backing him, or the Islamists who are also backing him? We won't know, and Lord willing, we won't find out because he won't be able to accomplish his goals. Not saying that he can't, but I just really hope he doesn't. His message on July 3rd, just before Independence Day, was— it was absolutely disgusting. It was infuriating. I'm going to try my best not to spit about it. Jordan Conradson over at The Gateway Pundit wrote about it and wrote specifically about Elon Musk, who was called out Not by name, but by— I mean, obviously when you're mentioning the only trillionaire, there is only one trillionaire, and that happens to be Elon Musk. Well, he was not happy, especially with the notion that, that he bought the election. That's ludicrous. It's not even— I, I don't even know what to say about that, especially a guy who, who's backed by people such as George and Alex Soros. Neville Roy Singham. Other oligarchs, billionaires, the people that, that Zoran Momdani pretends to be against are the very people that are backing him. But let's get into the article. Elon Musk on Friday slammed New York City's communist mayor Zoran Momdani following his disgusting Independence Day address on Friday morning. As the Gateway Pundit reported earlier, Momdani gave an address on Friday morning preceding President Trump's address to the nation from Mount Rushmore, which was awesome, during which the immigrant mayor surrounded himself with foreigners and lectured Americans on how bad our country is. America, he said, is an arena of supremacy where only a select few are allowed freedom, where not all are created equal. Now here's the thing: we are created in God's image. We are created equal in that regard. But he's right. I mean, there's no true equity, and there cannot be equity here in the United States of America. That is anathema. And yet that's exactly what he wants. We can have equality, equality of rights, uh, when it comes to the rule of law, equality of, of, uh, freedoms and opportunities That doesn't mean that we have to have the equality or the equity of having the same results. Some people work harder. I would argue that Elon Musk happens to be one of those people. How small they are, how weak, how unoriginal, he said of American citizens who value our national heritage, accusing them of racism and xenophobia. At one point, Memdani used the address to attack ICE. You know what, let's just Let's just play, play Mamdani himself.

[25:11] **Speaker A:** And yet today, too many of our leaders do not believe in a vision of this nation as an asylum for the persecuted, but rather as one that persecutes those seeking asylum. As we mark 250 years, what do we see? We see a city of contradictions within a nation of contradictions. We see the wealthiest country in the history of the world, one where children go to sleep hungry while the world's first trillionaire hungers for more. We see monopolies that dominate every industry and oligarchs who buy elections. We see masked agents terrorizing our streets, eating food cooked by our undocumented neighbors before spiriting them away in unmarked vans. We see a nation whose immense wealth has been built by those with calloused, dirt-streaked hands, those who toil on factory floors and chisel into stone. And we see a nation that has allowed so much of that wealth to be held instead in the soft hands of a precious few. Yes, we see America in a health insurance industry that exploits the sick, but that is not all we see when we look for America. We see it too in the nurse who works a double shift and then stops on her way home to check on an ailing neighbor. Yes, we see America in corporate landlords for whom negligence is a business model. We see it too in the father who tucks his children into bed beneath a ceiling stained with leaks, who wakes before dawn to go to work and still believes his country can do better by his family. Yes, we see America when we spend our tax dollars on bombs and bailouts, when we sell our elections to the highest bidder. Yet we see it just as clearly in every American who still believes this country belongs to we, the people. We see America each time neighbors link arms with neighbors without asking how long they have lived here or what papers they have as ICE invades our neighborhoods. We see America each time those young and old stand in the beating rain or the stifling heat to cast their ballots. We see America each time working people demand more, not just for themselves, but for their fellow Americans. There are some who respond to those who ask for more from America with a simple refrain: love it or leave it, they say.

[27:24] **Speaker B:** Oh, of course, it's the insurance companies, it's the landlords, it's not enough tax dollars being taken from the rich, it's anyone other than his own people, his own leftists, his own radicals. His own Islamists. The people that are actually trying to destroy the country are the ones who pretend to be trying to fix it. And so Rahm Emaamdani is among the worst. I won't say he's the worst because I don't think we've seen the worst just yet. I think that some of the radicals that have already been essentially elected into our Congress are, are worse than he is. But he is the ringleader. He and AOC, who the Democrat Socialists of America have sort of, sort of insinuated that they like to see her as the 2028 presidential nominee for the Democrat Party, which the DSA is taking over. And there's nothing democratic about the Democratic Socialists of America. There's really nothing even socialist about them. They are full-blown Marxists. This is communism all the way. They don't even pretend to be anything other than— except when they're labeling themselves, when they're trying to to preach about how they just want to fix things. They don't want to fix anything at all, period. Well, Elon Musk said basically this in response to— in response to Mamdani's thing. He posted in response to the video, he said, Mamdani has built nothing. He is a taker, never a maker. And I don't know if, if truer words have ever been spoken about Mom Donnie. Those, those 7 words— he is a taker, never a maker. I mean, the dude hasn't made anything. He tried to make some rap videos, so I guess there's that. Didn't succeed at it, but, but he did, he did try. So I guess he, he sort of tried to be a maker. If you dislike him, you probably don't dislike him enough.

[29:36] **Speaker C:** Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com .com. Get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[30:01] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[30:06] **Speaker C:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck's loans up to $400,000 help make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[30:35] **Speaker B:** If you aren't concerned about them, if you have this illusion that, oh, there can never be communism in America, maybe you might even think there can't be socialism in America, guess what? Look around. I'm out here in Commiefornia. It's here. In many ways, it's already creeping in. It has been creeping in for a long time. You can go back to— well, I mean, really, you can go a long way back if we want to talk about FDR, if we want to take it from there. But the real seeds of the modern version of this Marxism started with the cultural Marxism that was launched by Barack Obama. That was his role. His role was to insert the— take a time when we were really just starting to, to accept each other regardless of race or religion or anything else, right? This— these were good times. And then Obama came along and just infused the, the hatred, the cultural Marxism that drives the wokeness, the DEI, and all that stuff that we're seeing today, which was the predicate upon which the Democrat Socialists of America were able to take hold. They did not— keep in mind They've been around for a long time. They have been unsuccessful for a long time. It wasn't until Bernie Sanders came along in 2016, hopping on board with the momentum that Barack Obama had built. He hopped on board. Then you had AOC in, in 2018 come up, and she became a, a star in their, their eyes. You have Ro Khanna, who's trying to get as much attention as he can for himself because he also has presidential ambitions. Don't get complacent. Don't think that this can't happen. Do not believe— as I've said many times— do not believe in the awareness and the research done by your fellow Americans. If you're watching this show, chances are you're pretty politically minded, you're pretty culturally minded, you're probably even faithfully minded. But you're the exception, you're not the rule. Most Americans fall for it. We've seen it in these Democrat primaries. There's absolutely positively no reason that any of these people who voted for these radicals should have voted for these radicals. Maybe 10%, okay, sure, there's gonna be the completely brainwashed and indoctrinated people who would agree with the notion of we should just let every single person in prison out of prison. And just eliminate prisons altogether. That is stupid. That is self-destructive. And the vast majority of the people that voted for these Democrat socialists, these Marxists, they have no idea. They probably have no idea that, that, uh, the DSA wants to eliminate the Senate, wants to take the executive branch and the judicial branch and put it underneath, below the legislative branch, which will be one chamber, just the Congress. They want to turn this into a parliamentary system for all intents and purposes. Now, the people that voted for them, they have no idea. Again, maybe 10% do and still accepted it. The other 90% either don't know or don't understand it or something, because it doesn't make sense, okay? It does not make sense to eliminate all misdemeanors. It does not make sense to take control of the vast majority of corporations in America. These things don't make sense, and people will not support that if they knew. They don't know. It's not like, you know, the DSA puts this information on their own website for people to read. It's not like you listen to the actual words, especially the pre-campaign words, of these Democrat socialists that are winning these primaries. They're saying it out loud. They're not trying to hide it. So don't get complacent. Don't think, oh, it can't happen here. It's already happening here. You can't handle the truth. With the current heat wave spreading across America, a whole lot of people are concerned about the grid, and rightly so. If it were to go out, there are massive challenges that we would have to face, such as air conditioning, refrigeration, people would be in a lot of trouble. And later on in this video, I will go through some of the things that you can and should do to prepare for such an inevitability. But with that said, it's not just the heat wave that should be concerning us. Information was released very recently that told us to be very concerned, except it wasn't told to us. It was only told to the power companies, the utilities., and legacy media journalists, for whatever reason— I think I know why— but they chose not to cover it, not to warn the people. And that's, that's disgusting. But it's okay, I'm here to warn you now. We have this article over at lateprepper.com: the feds just told utilities to assume the enemy is inside the grid and you should plan accordingly. You definitely should. I'm not going to read the whole article, but I'll hit on some of the points. In the predawn hours of January 3rd, the lights went out across Caracas. No transmission towers were bombed and no lines were severed. The blackout was accomplished through precise manipulation of industrial control systems that manage the flow of electricity, synchronized with the American operation that pulled Nicolás Maduro out of his palace and, as Zero Hedge reported, onto a plane bound for an American courtroom. A capital city of millions went dark because someone somewhere typed the right commands. That was a preview. 5 months later, on May 5th, the federal government quietly told every power company, water utility, and pipeline operator in America to plan as though the same thing could happen here, not as a thought experiment, but as a baseline operating assumption. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency called the initiative CI Fortify and buried in its bureaucratic language is one of the most remarkable admissions Washington has ever made. Operators are instructed to assume that in a conflict scenario, third-party connections such as telecommunications, internet vendors, and service providers will be unreliable, and that threat actors will already have some access to their operational technology networks. The agency responsible for defending American infrastructure is telling the people who run that infrastructure to plan as if the enemy is already inside, the phones are dead, and nobody is coming to help. That's, that's a bombshell, and it's the type of information that in a free, free society with a free press, we would have expected that to make huge news. I checked, it didn't. It's not like they hid it. They just basically said, look, treat this as a nothing burger, normal exercise, nothing to worry about here. That's not the message though that they were telling the utility companies. They were telling the grid operators, they were saying, it's bad guys, be ready, be prepared. Two different messages. One to those who may need to assist in stopping disaster and those who would be most affected by the disaster, namely you. And me. Back to the article. Here's what Washington just admitted: for years, the official posture on grid vulnerability treated catastrophic cyberattack as a tail risk, something to model in academic paper and, and war games while assuming the public that layered defenses— assuring, sorry, assuring the public that layered defenses would hold. CI Fortify abandons that posture. The guidance instructs operators to identify their most critical customers, such as nearby military bases, and to maintain business continuity plans that allow safe operation in a fully isolated state for weeks to months. Again, they're not— they feel that this risk is so grave that they want a plan of action that would keep, for example, military bases operational even if the people, you and me, are screwed during that same period of time. Recovery planning includes practicing the replacement of destroyed systems and the transition to manual operations in case isolation fails and components are rendered inoperable. Acting CISA Director Nick Anderson said utilities must be able to isolate vital systems from harm, continue operating in that isolated state, and recover whatever an adversary manages to compromise. The agency has already begun targeting assessment under a pilot phase, prioritizing infrastructure that serves military installations, because of course. Now, I'm not saying that's a bad idea or wrong, but you would hope that they would also have a plan for the rest of us. Just, just saying. Pilot assessments are not what an agency does about a hypothetical, to be clear. They are what an agency does about a threat it believes is real, near, and inadequately answered. The obvious question follows: if the federal government believes the utilities serving your home should be prepared to operate for weeks or months while compromised and cut off from the outside world, what does it believe about the homes at the end of those wires? What does it believe about your home, about my home? The guidance never says, because that is not CISA's lane. But the logical, uh, the logic does not stop at the, the substation fence. This isn't a time, by the way, for me to just rant about government or choices or decisions or anything like that. Yes, it sucks. Is there anything we can do about it? No, not really. I mean, not for— not as far as how government handles this. Should we have been told about it? Back in May when they were telling utility companies? You betcha. But that's not just the government's fault. Again, I do blame legacy media for a whole bunch of this stuff. The article goes on to talk about various possible threats spread across, across 3 continents. That does include Iran, and we've heard multiple times about how Iran claims that they have access to certain components within our infrastructure. They have demonstrated a little bit of this, just a little saber rattling here or there. But if they are in the machine, so to speak, they're not telling us fully. And then, of course, there's China, North Korea, Russia. We've seen this before. We've seen this pretty often. And for those who think, well, it hasn't happened, so should we be concerned? It hasn't happened for multiple reasons. One of the most important of those reasons being that the United States is in their systems as well. The challenge here is not cutting off anybody's utilities. There's probably multiple countries and even non-country entities that have access to cut off at least regional or citywide, we'll say, utilities of some sort— water, electricity, internet, things like that. But the repercussions will be there, and if they can't do it without their fingerprints all over it, they're not doing it. Or perhaps they're waiting for the right moment. Heat wave would be the right time if you wanted to do maximum damage to the American people. We do unfortunately have a split reality problem. What makes the cyber variant of this threat uniquely dangerous is that operators may not know it is happening until the damage is already done. Security researchers have demonstrated malware that intercepts legitimate operator commands and replaces them with malicious instructions. Rapidly opening and closing circuit breakers in a technique that can physically destroy transformers and generators by overheating them or forcing them out of sync. We saw a whole bunch of that with Stuxnet, which was the US and Israeli joint operation to engage in cyber warfare against Iran's nuclear program, and it was wildly successful. Some say that it set them back a decade. Now imagine, that's back then. What can be done today? What can be done with more than just a nuclear program? What about an entire grid? Concerning. Simultaneously, the malware calculates what normal sensor readings should look like and feeds those fabricated values into the control room so operators see green lights and stable voltage even as equipment burns in the physical world. Large power transformers are not sitting on shelves waiting to be installed. Replacement timelines run to months and much of the manufacturing capacity sits overseas. An attack that destroys hardware rather than merely disrupting software breaks every restoration assumption the old preparedness models were built on. The 2E pantry was designed for hurricanes where mutual aid crews pour in from neighboring states and the lights come back on in days. It was not designed for an adversary who destroys the machines that make restoration possible while blinding the people who would order it. I don't want to be a fearmonger. I really don't. I don't want to say, oh my gosh, we're all going to die because of some crazy cyber attack. But I would strongly recommend making preparations now if you haven't already. And if you have already, it's time to, to double up, to re-bolster your preps, and to assume that one of the most likely scenarios would be a grid attack. We've talked about multiple types of scenarios. Every scenario has a different need. Sometimes, you know, you, you might have to, to bug out. Sometimes it's better to, to hole up and bug in. Sometimes you need to be ready for, for something physical. Other times you have to be worried for— worried about something that is not necessarily physical, even though it can affect us mentally, intellectually. There's all sorts of attacks. There's, there's a new report that just came out today about, about Havana Syndrome being utilized on American citizens on American soil. There are concerns in the world. The world is not a safe place, and the only thing that's kept it as safe as it is in my humble opinion, is the will of God. I think that we've probably had multiple attack attempts over the years. We might— may have been involved in trying to attack others over the years, over the decades, but for whatever reason, they don't always work. Now, do I think that, that, that we're immune? By golly, no. If I did, I wouldn't be a prepper, but I am. So what can you do?

[45:26] **Speaker A:** Happy birthday, America! It's time to celebrate and play your favorite Las Vegas casino games by American-owned SpinQuest.com! What's better than fireworks and American pie? Hitting a blackjack in the palm of your hand, and you won't lose your fingers! Over 1,000 games including slots and live dealers, and $30 coin packs are on sale for $10! SpinQuest.com— by American players, for American players!

[45:51] **Speaker B:** SpinQuest is free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spendquest.com for more details.

[45:57] **Speaker D:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck loans up to $400,000 make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject under approval.

[46:25] **Speaker B:** Let's assume that heat wave or cyber attack or stupid— something stupid— or EMP or whatever. Just pick your, pick your various reasons to be concerned about the grid. What do you do in case of something happening? Or at least maybe not necessarily what do you do, because that's really determined by your own plan, your own situation, your own resources, your own talents. Your geolocation, everything. For anybody who says that there's a plan that fits everybody, they're, they're not really a prepper, obviously. But we can look at the items, the things that we should be most concerned about. So what is the household version of CISA's questions? The core question CISA now puts to every utility is simple: how long can you operate without external connectivity? Every family should ask the household version of the same question and answer it honestly. Number one, most important, always most important, is water. Municipal pressure depends on electricity pumps. A grid-down event of weeks means stored water and a means of purifying more at a gallon per person per day as the bare floor. So if you have a family of four and you want to be able to, to stay hydrated and to, to have an appropriate amount of water for 90 days, that is 360 gallons of water. That's a lot of water, and it doesn't mean that you have to store 360 gallons on you at all times. If you can, that would be ideal. If you could store a lot more than that, that would be even better. But know where in a grid-down situation— know where fresh water supplies are and make sure that you have the ability to purify water. No, that's not a Brita filter. That's preferably a gravity filter, other chemical means, and at the very least, unscented, untreated bleach that you can put into water. That is, that is, uh, the, the failsafe. Preferably you can do a combination of all of the above. And don't just trust because a stream has been good and the fresh water has been good at your local stream or local lake before. Don't assume that it won't be tainted by the time you get to it. Purify every water that's not in a sealed container at your home before you drink it. It's bad to die from lack of water. It's worse to die from something in the water. Number 2: refrigerated medications. Something a lot of people forget. Insulin and other temperature-sensitive prescriptions are the quiet catastrophe in every extended outage. Talk to your pharmacist now about buffer supplies and non-powered cooling options. In other words, if you can And, and I'm not a big fan, by the way, of non-powered cooling options in a heat wave. That, that's sort of illogical. You're going to need power. And if you can get small tiny fridge, a good, um, a good solar panel, solar generator, then that's— to me, that's the best way. Now that doesn't work for everybody because what if you're in an area that doesn't have a whole lot of sun? I get it. Again, the idea here is that you have to have medication Having an extended supply that's rotating is the best way to do it. And if it does need to be refrigerated, making sure that you have means of refrigeration if the grid goes down for an extended period of time. Communications: cell networks degrade within hours of grid loss. A battery or hand crank radio, and ideally a family plan for where to meet when phones are useless, costs almost nothing today and everything later. Heating and cooling. Match your plan to your climate and season. The Polish attack was, was timed at a cold snap for a reason. Cash, and you know, preferably silver and gold, small denominational coins, not denominational, probably rounds. I'm not a big fan of utilizing numismatics or even straight up full-blown bullion. You know, get as much gold or silver as possible for as little money as possible, um, is my big big thing. But yeah, make sure you got cash. You know, your Venmo won't be much help if the grid's down. Sorry, your Bitcoin not going to be able to buy you things if the grid is down, especially if the internet is part of the, the outage. And then last but not least, the duration. Think, think about this and have an evolving mindset based upon the duration that you believe things can and will go down. Retire the 72-hour mindset. Don't think along the lines of, oh, we just got to be able to survive for 72 hours. That's hurricane season, that's tornadoes, that's earthquake, that's, that's something natural. A grid down scenario, especially one that is built upon, built from cyber attacks, one where they're taking out transformers or an EMP or whatever, a meteor, I don't know, those types of attacks, that's, that's not about, oh, I'm good to go for 72 hours. They'll plan on a heck of a lot longer than that. Okay, this is why I'm a big fan of making sure that you're your cupboards, your pantry. Yes, you need survival stuff, okay? You need, you need long-term storage food. But I, I'd get bugged whenever I see people that have a whole ton of 25-year shelf life food, but their cupboards, they have about a week or two's worth of actual regular food, okay? You can stock up on cans. They might last a year or two or three depending on what they are, but stock, uh, stock up on those and have a lot of them. Canned foods. You don't need everything to be 25 years and, um, and freeze-dried, okay? It doesn't have to be. As a matter of fact, the challenge with freeze-dried food is that you need water. We already talked about you need a gallon per day per person. Now you got to use water just to make food? Again, you know, be smart. Utilize your space, your finances, your resources, everything appropriately. And having enough food and other items like medication, like ammunition, like especially water, having plenty of all of that available to go well beyond the 72 hours, preferably. I mean, again, everybody's situation is different, but I would certainly plan on being ready for at the very least 90 days. 72 hours being ready for to last for a week or 2 weeks, not anymore, not in 2026. I don't think that's good enough. I think you need to plan on on having bad situations around you for an extended period of time. 90 days to me is the bare minimum. 6 months is great. A year or 2 or 5 or 10, even better. If you're living in a bunker in Montana, you should be able to, to stay in that bunker, including fresh water and all the medications and everything that you could possibly need, for 10, 20, 30 years. Okay, that's just me. And I know that takes a whole lot of money. I don't have a bunker. I don't have that kind of money. Again, not trying to make you scared. I'm trying to be, be a fearmonger here. I'm just telling you, I ain't saying— I'm just saying, being ready. Because if you think, oh, don't worry, what, FEMA is going to save you? Your local National Guard is going to save you? If things go south in a hurry, and I'm talking about really south, like full-blown grid grid down for an extended period of time, being dependent on that grid, being dependent on Starbucks or whatever, or Kroger's or CVS, probably not a good idea. The cadet's logic is sound. The folks that supply me with long-term storage food are the good folks over at Heaven's Harvest. You can check them out by going to jdrucker.com/food. jdrucker.com/food. Check them out. Use promo code PATRIOT at checkout for 15% off. Stock up. Get as much food as you can. Squeeze into the cupboards, under the bed, in the basement, in the attic, any place that's dark and dry and cool. Get as much of it as you can because we don't know what's coming. You don't know what's coming, I don't know what's coming, but chances are something's coming. jdrucker.com/food.

[54:34] **Speaker A:** Hanging out at the pool is great, relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the same time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other, it's all at Spin Quest. Over 1,000 games including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with Summer special! New players get $30 coin packs for 10 at spinquest.com.

[54:57] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino.

[54:59] **Speaker A:** Void where prohibited.

[55:00] **Speaker B:** Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[55:04] **Speaker D:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck's loans up to $400,000 make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. .com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[55:33] **Speaker B:** So Gavin Newsom insider within his administration wore a wire, got some dirt, helped to get 3 people convicted. But I actually don't even care so much about the ties to Newsom or his office. I'm more concerned about the ties to Javier Becerra, the front runner in the gubernatorial race in Commiefornia. As much as I would love for, for us to be able to nail Newsom at some point, we could have a couple of years for him. Becerra, we need to get nailed before the November election because I do not want him to be governor. So if we can use this information to tie it to Becerra It seems pretty straightforward, pretty logical that we could. Well, maybe we can do some real good and then we'll go after Gavin Newsom before his 2028 presidential run. We have the story over at conservativeplaylist.com. Javier Becerra's campaign tangled in ethics probe tied to Newsom's insider FBI wire. Mm-hmm. Juicy. California's political establishment learned this week that the FBI didn't merely investigate Gavin Newsom's inner circle from the outside. It recruited from within, according to an exclusive report in the New York Post. Democratic power broker Alexis Podesta, not related to John, secretly recorded conversations for federal investigators as far back as June 2024, which is important. It's important to note because you got Gavin Newsom and Xavier Becerra out there. Oh, this is the Trump administration. This is Trump trying to, to use the Department of Justice against— no, This started under Biden. So when you hear those claims, know that they're gaslighting. They are lying to you. President Trump was not the president of the United States in June 2024, and his Department of Justice was not in power. They were gathering evidence in the corruption probe that brought down Dana Williamson, the governor's former chief of staff. All important, but again, let's get to the juicier stuff. Da da da da da. The revelation matters for reasons that go well beyond Newsom's bruised pride. It explains why Sacramento insiders and lobbyists received startling FBI letters last fall informing them their calls had been intercepted, many despite having no connection to Williamson at all. They knew based upon everything they were hearing that this was an investigation. They figured that out. Newsom knew it. Javier Becerra knew it. And they still pushed forward, hoping, I guess, against hope that they could get him into office. Prior to any of this stuff coming out. Well, it hasn't come out all the way yet, but as we noted, it does land squarely on Becerra, the former attorney general and Biden HHS secretary who now leads the field to succeed Newsom. The money at the center of this entire scheme flowed out of accounts bearing his name. Yes, they were, they were taking his, his dormant, dormant campaign accounts. That's a big, huge, fat no-no. It took— brought, brought 3 guilty pleas. The underlying fraud is no longer alleged, it is admitted. Federal prosecutors charged that roughly $225,000 was siphoned from Becerra's dormant campaign account and disguised as consulting fees to pad the income of Sean McCluskey, who was Becerra's longtime chief of staff after McCluskey took a pay cut to follow his boss to Washington. Now, Steve Hilton, the Republican running in California, the only man that can stop Becerra, has alleged multiple times— and there's, there's, there are legs to this, these allegations— he has alleged that this was padding, basically padding money to keep McCluskey on board. Becerra wanted McCluskey in D.C. with him when he moved over to become the HHS secretary. Unfortunately, McCluskey said, eh, it's not enough money, I have to take a pay cut. To come work there because there are caps, federal caps, on how much he can make. He's like, I just can't do it if that's all the money. So they cooked up a scheme, again alleged by Steve Hilton, they cooked up a scheme to siphon dormant money from the campaign into consulting fees that could be used to pay McCluskey. That was the, that was the intention. It's like, okay, well, let's, let's basically, let's cover the gap that's necessary so you can stay with us. We'll cover the gap. By feeding you some extra money on the side. Huge, huge federal no-no. Now, I hope and pray that the Trump DOJ is not letting California run this investigation alone. This needs to be, be run from the federal level. It needs to be addressed directly, and it needs to happen before the November election. I, I mean, here's the thing, if this is not Based upon everything that we know publicly, and I'm sure they know a lot more privately and in secret, well, if they let this slide, hmm, I would have a whole lot of questions. All 3 charged defendants have pleaded guilty. McCluskey admitted to conspiracy and agreed to repay the full $225,000. Lobbyist Greg Campbell acknowledged in his plea documents that the group's financial maneuvers amounted to laundering money. Okay, FBI, where are you? And Williamson, once Newsom's feared enforcer, pleaded guilty in May to conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud, subscribing to a false tax return, and lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Podesta enters the story as Williamson's chosen successor. This is the person Alexis Podesta, who wore the wire on behalf of the investigators. When Williamson left private consulting to run Newsom's office in late 2022, she handed her client portfolio, including the Becerra account, to Podesta. Campaign finance records reviewed by CalMatters show the dormant Becerra committee paid Podesta Company a total of $180,000, mostly in tidy $10,000 monthly installments through 2023 and 2024, right around the time when Becerra was needing the money to pay off his, his chosen chief of staff. All seems, seems mighty convenient. Jump ahead to Becerra's story where we start to see the contradictions. Becerra insists he knew nothing of the fraud and the indictment does not accuse him of wrongdoing. Very clear, he's not currently indicted, yet his own explanation has wobbled. Days after the indictment broke, he told Fox 40 he was aware of and had authorized the payments, describing the change— the charges as a gut punch. Oh, I knew, I signed off on it, but, but, but, you know, I didn't know it was being used for bad stuff. But then months later, he told CNN and the McClatchy editorial board that the payments occurred outside of his vision. So he knew about it before, but then all of a sudden later he didn't know about it at all. Both things cannot be true, and voters are entitled to ask which version they're being sold. The former Attorney General of the largest state in the union either supervised six figures in outflows from his own committees, or he did not and was completely unaware. Either way, it sucks. And here's the thing, you know, I'm not even so concerned. I'm sure it'd be nice to get justice, but look, I think many, if not most, if not all of us, are, are pretty, pretty, um, down on the hopes or possibilities of, oh, people are going to get arrested any moment. You know, Gavin Newsom is going to get arrested, Steve Becerra is going to get arrested, all the people on the Epstein list are going to get arrested, all the people that, uh, participate in Russiagate. Look, okay, fine, we've been burnt too many times. I don't care. I care, but I'm not expecting arrests. But by golly, get the information out there, okay? Either Becerra engaged in, participated in, and was aware of illegal activities happening with his campaign funds for his chief of staff, or he had no idea. He's just, just an idiot. Okay, I don't know what's happening with, with my chief of staff, my campaign funds, my, my people. I know everybody's just, just taking advantage of poor stupid Javier Becerra. Either way, if he's either involved in the crime or unaware of the crime, that should be disqualifying. He wants to run California, and if he does get to run California, he will run it to the ground. So it is in our best interest for this information to get out as quickly as possible. I don't want this to linger. I mean, Steve Hilton's doing everything he can to get the information out there, but legacy media is not doing much about this. They're just like, oh, it's poor Gavin Newsom's getting targeted by Trump. That's their story. That's his story, and he's fed it to them, and now that's their story. So it's up to us to spread the truth, just like we do right here on this, this, uh, article over at conservativeplaylist.com.

[64:42] **Speaker D:** They've doubled the budget of California in the last 10 years, and everything's worse. The idea that you can't reduce spending, which is essential if you're going to cut taxes, is ridiculous. I was talking to some I spoke to someone who, she runs a contracting company building roads, right? They build roads all across the country. She told me that it costs 4 times as much to build the exact same piece of road in California as in Texas. Because of the regulatory? Because of the regulatory framework, the project labor agreements that unions negotiate that massively inflate the construction costs, environmental CEQA, the permitting process. California Environmental Quality Act, lawsuit risk that's priced into everything. It's just on and on, just the bloat in the government. We calculated that if you just— that the cost, the annual cost of regulatory bloat in California, $745 billion, that if, if we got rid of that, we'd be the third biggest economy in the world. It's got to change. We cannot allow our biggest and most important economy to continue to slide into—

[65:48] **Speaker A:** What's going on everyone, it's Bluff here and we're driving through the states in the Bluffmobile, and the best thing that we can do is play our favorite casino-style games on Spin Quest. They have over 1,000 games including live dealer blackjack and craps, with tons of slots and unlimited options. You can get a $30 coin pack for just $10 for new users. Sign up today. Go to spinquest.com right now.

[66:14] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[66:21] **Speaker C:** When maintaining your daily wellness rituals is important to you, the change in routine during the summer can feel daunting. Kachava's new travel packs help you stick to your daily ritual even when you're on the go. Just one packet of Kachava's all-in-one nutrition shake provides complete nutrition with 25 grams of protein, 6 grams of fiber, greens, adaptogens, and much more, so you'll be fueled and ready for wherever life or your summer adventures take you. No fillers, no nonsense, just the good stuff your body craves. Plus, it actually tastes delicious. But you can try it for yourself because the variety pack includes all 6 delicious fan favorites: chocolate, vanilla, chai, matcha, coconut açaí, and strawberry. So instead of worrying about sticking to your daily ritual, simplify it with Kachava. Go to kachava.com and use code NEWS for 15% off. That's k-a-c-h-a-v-a.com, code NEWS.
