# New LA Mayoral Race Poll (05/13)

**Show:** The John Kobylt Show
**Date Published:** 2026-05-14
**Date Found:** 2026-05-14
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/john-and-ken-on-demand/new-la-mayoral-race-poll-05-13?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Adam Miller (guest)
**Duration:** 44 minutes

## Summary

This 44-minute episode of The John Kobylt Show mentions Adam Miller.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Adam Miller, The John Kobylt Show

## Key Moment

> "KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobell podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Hi there, it's the John Cobalt Show. It's, uh, good that you're here. This is the island of sanity where we gather every day to, uh, discuss, uh, all the insanity that's happening everywhere else. But here, here's the safe zone, all right, your safe space. Uh, we're on from 3 to 6, and then after 6 o'clock, if you missed any of the show, you catch up on it with John Cobalt Show on demand on the iHeart app. And once again, we got the live stream going So go to The John Kobelt Show on YouTube, and we're already there, so you can come and wave and I'll wave back. Uh, The John Kobelt Show on YouTube. And if you had subscribed by now, you'd already know we're on, because when you subscribe, you get notifications that says, hey, he's coming on. youtube.com/@johnkobeltshow. youtube.com/@johnkobeltshow. You sign up for that and you'll get You'll get notified. All right, we have a tremendous amount. I want to get right into the new poll that came out for the mayor's race in Los Angeles, uh, Emerson College along with Inside California Politics. Now there are some issues with this poll, but what they say is— this is since the debate, uh— Karen Bass is at 30, Spencer Pratt at 22, Nithya Raman at 19, and top 2 of course go on to November. Entrepreneur Adam Miller at 7, and the left-wing whack job, a housing advocate, Ray Wong, is at 4. 16% undecided. So Pratt's in a good spot, but it's tight over Raman. And that's where we get to the makeup of the polling. Uh, there is a guy quoted in here, his name's Paul Mitchell. Uh, the LA Times says he's the vice president of the bipartisan voter data— bipartisan voter data company called Political Data. And he was not impressed with the accuracy of the poll. First of all, they only polled 350 people, and usually you poll 1,000 minimum. He said that a third of those surveyed were Latino, and actual turnout among Latinos is likely to be about 20%. He also said about 50% polled were over the age of 50, and normally 60% of the voters are over 50. You see, for all the hoopla over young people, they don't vote much. And they can carry on all day about Latinos being the largest percentage of the population, but they don't vote much comparatively. So he thought the poll was too young, too Latino, too few people. And that's important because Nithya Raman's strength apparently came from younger voters. So her, her strength came from younger voters who probably aren't going to vote in the percentages that are seen here in the polling. So her number may be a bit inflated. Uh, now Bass does have an edge with older people according to this poll, 47% from people over 60. And if this is true or anywhere close to true, isn't this baffling? Because people over 60 are old enough to remember the way Los Angeles used to be. If you're over 60 and, and you're a lifelong resident— I am not going to use the word angelito, I refuse to— but if you've been a lifelong resident of Los Angeles, or even if you came here in your 20s and you've been here for 40 years or more, you remember the good old days. I mean, the good old days were, you know, 10, 15 years ago were the good old days. So why, after a while— I mean, you've seen the most degradation. I mean, I've only been here since the '90s, and I am, I am absolutely overwhelmed with the degradation of Los Angeles. I can't imagine people who were here or grew up in the '70s and '80s— how would— how will you— how you stick with Karen Bass? I, I don't think there's any other issue a normal person would vote on other than the quality of life being horrible. So I'm, I'm, I'm baffled by this. Absolutely flabbergasted. That people who have been living in Los Angeles for 30 or 40 years or more, that there'd be a single person who'd say, you know, this current mayor, she's really, uh, really hitting a home run these days, huh? So, uh, Bass leads with women, and I, I told you, I told you yesterday that many female voters, especially in California, are afflicted with suicidal empathy. And that's where you start empathizing and caring, uh, more for the perpetrators than the victims, because you start worrying about what these perpetrators went through as children, the abuse they suffered, the racism they suffered, the, the unfairness of it all, the abandonment you know, a dad non-existent in their lives, and you internalize all the childhood grief of the perpetrators that you forget that, hey, that guy over there just smashed somebody over the head. And I'll hear mostly women say, you know, I feel so bad for the homeless. I don't hear guys saying that, really, I don't. But women are going, I feel so bad for them, you know, they don't want to be like that, that's somebody's son. It's like, Okay, most guys I know just would get the creep off the street already before he kills somebody. Men have to reassert themselves in the culture, really. Men have to go back to more old-fashioned values of being the level-headed protector of, uh, of a community, because, uh, men have largely abandoned that role, and they have been feminized and castrated to some extent. And now we have suicidal empathetic women who are the primary voters. I mean, 65%— I'm not talking about all women, obviously. I'm talking about this particular subset here. But there's enough of them, and believe me, they don't listen to this show. I feel free talking about them behind their back because they're not coming near here because this represents everything they can't stand. In fact, they don't— you know, Prat gets a plurality of men, but not all men. The plurality is 30%. Still split up. I just— women, if you see that with their hatred of Trump, they don't like brash guys. They don't like guys who strut with a lot of confidence, uh, tell people off, pop off, are blunt, are rude. They don't. And Pratt's not any of that, really. Trump, yeah, but Pratt, far less so. But that, that's, you know, that, that's a dramatic change in the culture because people, younger people especially, have come through the, uh come through the school system where just— and I have 3 sons, so they've told me what, how, how men were, how men were treated, how men were described in the school system. And basically all the masculine traits were demonized as being evil and harmful to society. And some guys internalize that and they walk around completely neutered and feminized. Some guys just shut up because you You can't take on the establishment. So I, uh, anyway, it's, uh, the goal is to get, the goal is to get Pratt in the runoff, and he is. And Rahman is third by 3 points. And then maybe this Paul Mitchell is right and it's just too, too skewed for Latinos and, uh, too skewed for younger people, and Pratt will do actually better in 3 weeks. Now, some of the votes already in, but I, I, I, because I, I, I've just been reading comments, uh, to the reaction to the initial story in the LA Times and Channel 5 about the poll, and there's so many people who are slamming their heads against the wall. They cannot believe anybody would vote for either Bass or Raman. And again, this is not on ideological lines. This is not on party lines. This is about look around and see what a sewer LA's become. Obviously we can't do this anymore. Obviously this has gotta stop. I, I mentioned this a few times already, but my wife saw a guy drop his pants and fire out excrement right in front of her and in front of my dog. Dog is still upset. And you can't— this, this can't be. It's not the first time it's happened to her. It's happened to her like 3, 4 times. She's out walking and a homeless guy is taking a dump in front of her. Now, cannot live this way. Cannot. It's got to stop because I know a lot of people fleeing. They're at least fleeing for 6 months at a day, declaring their legal residence in another state so they'll come around, they'll go see friends and go to their old favorite restaurants, but they're not spending 12 months a year in California anymore, and they're going to take their tax revenue with them because you spend 6 months and a day in another state, then, uh, which doesn't have this— and nobody has this. This is the most disgusting city in the country. The most disgusting city in the country. So you could go virtually anywhere and not run into this, and that alone is a reason to vote for Pratt and not Bass. I don't want to hear about statistics. I don't want to hear about excuses. I don't want to hear about suicidal empathy, ideology, anything. This is not livable. If people are regularly taking, taking dumps in the street, defecating in the street, that's it. That alone, a deal breaker. I'm like a one-issue voter. If you have a government that allows thousands of people to do that every day, and I see it, no, that's it. Ouch. I mean, that's it. And I don't understand people who want 4 more years of this. If you haven't been convinced that she's going to do nothing about it, I don't know what to tell you. I hate to insult you. Actually, I'd love to insult you, but I just really don't get it. Okay, they're whacked out on drugs. They're out of their minds with mental illness. They're dropping their pants and they're defecating on the sidewalk right in front of you or your wife or your child or your dog. So you're gonna vote for the woman who allows this to go on? All right, we got more coming up. Uh, other big story today, Klubek, Steve Klubek, who we had on the show a few times when he was running for governor. Then he switched his allegiance to Eric Swalwell, and, uh, Swalwell, uh, had to leave the race. And at the same time, Klubek, uh, has a girlfriend who ended up getting arrested for stealing from her OnlyFans customers. Well, now Klubek has been arrested on a number of felonies. We'll get into this coming up."
> — Speaker A at 02:51
> *Adam Miller was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [02:51] Speaker A: "KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobell podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Hi there, it's the John Cobalt Show. It's, uh, good that you're here. This is the island of sanity where we gather every day to, uh, discuss, uh, all the insanity that's happening everywhere else. But here, here's the safe zone, all right, your safe space. Uh, we're on from 3 to 6, and then after 6 o'clock, if you missed any of the show, you catch up on it with John Cobalt Show on demand on the iHeart app. And once again, we got the live stream going So go to The John Kobelt Show on YouTube, and we're already there, so you can come and wave and I'll wave back. Uh, The John Kobelt Show on YouTube. And if you had subscribed by now, you'd already know we're on, because when you subscribe, you get notifications that says, hey, he's coming on. youtube.com/@johnkobeltshow. youtube.com/@johnkobeltshow. You sign up for that and you'll get You'll get notified. All right, we have a tremendous amount. I want to get right into the new poll that came out for the mayor's race in Los Angeles, uh, Emerson College along with Inside California Politics. Now there are some issues with this poll, but what they say is— this is since the debate, uh— Karen Bass is at 30, Spencer Pratt at 22, Nithya Raman at 19, and top 2 of course go on to November. Entrepreneur Adam Miller at 7, and the left-wing whack job, a housing advocate, Ray Wong, is at 4. 16% undecided. So Pratt's in a good spot, but it's tight over Raman. And that's where we get to the makeup of the polling. Uh, there is a guy quoted in here, his name's Paul Mitchell. Uh, the LA Times says he's the vice president of the bipartisan voter data— bipartisan voter data company called Political Data. And he was not impressed with the accuracy of the poll. First of all, they only polled 350 people, and usually you poll 1,000 minimum. He said that a third of those surveyed were Latino, and actual turnout among Latinos is likely to be about 20%. He also said about 50% polled were over the age of 50, and normally 60% of the voters are over 50. You see, for all the hoopla over young people, they don't vote much. And they can carry on all day about Latinos being the largest percentage of the population, but they don't vote much comparatively. So he thought the poll was too young, too Latino, too few people. And that's important because Nithya Raman's strength apparently came from younger voters. So her, her strength came from younger voters who probably aren't going to vote in the percentages that are seen here in the polling. So her number may be a bit inflated. Uh, now Bass does have an edge with older people according to this poll, 47% from people over 60. And if this is true or anywhere close to true, isn't this baffling? Because people over 60 are old enough to remember the way Los Angeles used to be. If you're over 60 and, and you're a lifelong resident— I am not going to use the word angelito, I refuse to— but if you've been a lifelong resident of Los Angeles, or even if you came here in your 20s and you've been here for 40 years or more, you remember the good old days. I mean, the good old days were, you know, 10, 15 years ago were the good old days. So why, after a while— I mean, you've seen the most degradation. I mean, I've only been here since the '90s, and I am, I am absolutely overwhelmed with the degradation of Los Angeles. I can't imagine people who were here or grew up in the '70s and '80s— how would— how will you— how you stick with Karen Bass? I, I don't think there's any other issue a normal person would vote on other than the quality of life being horrible. So I'm, I'm, I'm baffled by this. Absolutely flabbergasted. That people who have been living in Los Angeles for 30 or 40 years or more, that there'd be a single person who'd say, you know, this current mayor, she's really, uh, really hitting a home run these days, huh? So, uh, Bass leads with women, and I, I told you, I told you yesterday that many female voters, especially in California, are afflicted with suicidal empathy. And that's where you start empathizing and caring, uh, more for the perpetrators than the victims, because you start worrying about what these perpetrators went through as children, the abuse they suffered, the racism they suffered, the, the unfairness of it all, the abandonment you know, a dad non-existent in their lives, and you internalize all the childhood grief of the perpetrators that you forget that, hey, that guy over there just smashed somebody over the head. And I'll hear mostly women say, you know, I feel so bad for the homeless. I don't hear guys saying that, really, I don't. But women are going, I feel so bad for them, you know, they don't want to be like that, that's somebody's son. It's like, Okay, most guys I know just would get the creep off the street already before he kills somebody. Men have to reassert themselves in the culture, really. Men have to go back to more old-fashioned values of being the level-headed protector of, uh, of a community, because, uh, men have largely abandoned that role, and they have been feminized and castrated to some extent. And now we have suicidal empathetic women who are the primary voters. I mean, 65%— I'm not talking about all women, obviously. I'm talking about this particular subset here. But there's enough of them, and believe me, they don't listen to this show. I feel free talking about them behind their back because they're not coming near here because this represents everything they can't stand. In fact, they don't— you know, Prat gets a plurality of men, but not all men. The plurality is 30%. Still split up. I just— women, if you see that with their hatred of Trump, they don't like brash guys. They don't like guys who strut with a lot of confidence, uh, tell people off, pop off, are blunt, are rude. They don't. And Pratt's not any of that, really. Trump, yeah, but Pratt, far less so. But that, that's, you know, that, that's a dramatic change in the culture because people, younger people especially, have come through the, uh come through the school system where just— and I have 3 sons, so they've told me what, how, how men were, how men were treated, how men were described in the school system. And basically all the masculine traits were demonized as being evil and harmful to society. And some guys internalize that and they walk around completely neutered and feminized. Some guys just shut up because you You can't take on the establishment. So I, uh, anyway, it's, uh, the goal is to get, the goal is to get Pratt in the runoff, and he is. And Rahman is third by 3 points. And then maybe this Paul Mitchell is right and it's just too, too skewed for Latinos and, uh, too skewed for younger people, and Pratt will do actually better in 3 weeks. Now, some of the votes already in, but I, I, I, because I, I, I've just been reading comments, uh, to the reaction to the initial story in the LA Times and Channel 5 about the poll, and there's so many people who are slamming their heads against the wall. They cannot believe anybody would vote for either Bass or Raman. And again, this is not on ideological lines. This is not on party lines. This is about look around and see what a sewer LA's become. Obviously we can't do this anymore. Obviously this has gotta stop. I, I mentioned this a few times already, but my wife saw a guy drop his pants and fire out excrement right in front of her and in front of my dog. Dog is still upset. And you can't— this, this can't be. It's not the first time it's happened to her. It's happened to her like 3, 4 times. She's out walking and a homeless guy is taking a dump in front of her. Now, cannot live this way. Cannot. It's got to stop because I know a lot of people fleeing. They're at least fleeing for 6 months at a day, declaring their legal residence in another state so they'll come around, they'll go see friends and go to their old favorite restaurants, but they're not spending 12 months a year in California anymore, and they're going to take their tax revenue with them because you spend 6 months and a day in another state, then, uh, which doesn't have this— and nobody has this. This is the most disgusting city in the country. The most disgusting city in the country. So you could go virtually anywhere and not run into this, and that alone is a reason to vote for Pratt and not Bass. I don't want to hear about statistics. I don't want to hear about excuses. I don't want to hear about suicidal empathy, ideology, anything. This is not livable. If people are regularly taking, taking dumps in the street, defecating in the street, that's it. That alone, a deal breaker. I'm like a one-issue voter. If you have a government that allows thousands of people to do that every day, and I see it, no, that's it. Ouch. I mean, that's it. And I don't understand people who want 4 more years of this. If you haven't been convinced that she's going to do nothing about it, I don't know what to tell you. I hate to insult you. Actually, I'd love to insult you, but I just really don't get it. Okay, they're whacked out on drugs. They're out of their minds with mental illness. They're dropping their pants and they're defecating on the sidewalk right in front of you or your wife or your child or your dog. So you're gonna vote for the woman who allows this to go on? All right, we got more coming up. Uh, other big story today, Klubek, Steve Klubek, who we had on the show a few times when he was running for governor. Then he switched his allegiance to Eric Swalwell, and, uh, Swalwell, uh, had to leave the race. And at the same time, Klubek, uh, has a girlfriend who ended up getting arrested for stealing from her OnlyFans customers. Well, now Klubek has been arrested on a number of felonies. We'll get into this coming up."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.

[00:04] **Speaker B:** Owning a home is full of surprises, some wonderful, some not so much. And when something breaks, it can feel like the whole day unravels. That's why HomeServe exists. For as little as $4.99 a month, you'll always have someone to call, a trusted professional ready to help, bringing peace of mind to 4.5 million homeowners nationwide. For plans starting at just $4.99 a month, go to homeserve.com. That's homeserve.com. Not available everywhere. Most plans range between $4.99 to $11.99 $99 a month your first year. Terms apply on covered repairs.

[00:34] **Speaker C:** You know what quality feels like. You can see it in the way a fabric moves, recognize it in a flawless fit, and appreciate it in the details that make our styles unique. It's the standard Coldwater Creek has honored for over 40 years, derived from a rich Mountain West heritage and designed for today in styles that are distinctively Coldwater Creek. For a wardrobe you can count on season after season, visit coldwatercreek.com. Shop new arrivals and save 15% on purchases $75 or more with iHeart.

[01:04] **Speaker D:** This is Martha Stewart from the Martha Stewart Podcast. Ever wonder how to make hosting look effortless? Here's a secret: getting ahead of the mess with new Reynolds Kitchens countertop prep paper. Just lightly wet the counter beforehand so the paper grips and stays in place, then lay down the Reynolds Kitchens countertop prep paper so drips and spills stay on the paper, not all over your kitchen counter. You can roll out dough, prep a party spread, or cook alongside family. When you're done, cleanup is as simple as lifting the paper and revealing that clean counter underneath. Effortless. You can use it for cooking and baking prep and even crafting, especially when you need extra working space. Because when the mess is already handled, you can focus on what matters: the food, the people, and the moment. It may look effortless, but now you know it's Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Take a tip from me: wet it, set it, prep it, done. Make it easy. Make it with Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Available now in the Reynolds Wrap aisle in Walmart, Target, Amazon, and Costco.

[02:20] **Speaker E:** Fatigued? Mood changes? Skin shifts? Labs say everything's normal? You're not alone. Most estrogen or progesterone topical and oral treatment only work about 20%. Oestra from Inner Balance is a prescription-strength bioidentical hormone cream for menopause and perimenopause relief. Vaginal HRT like Oestra offers better absorption, effective symptom relief, fewer side effects. Stop juggling multiple products. Feel balanced again. Visit innerbalance.com. Feel like yourself again. That's innerbalance.com.

[02:51] **Speaker A:** KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobell podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Hi there, it's the John Cobalt Show. It's, uh, good that you're here. This is the island of sanity where we gather every day to, uh, discuss, uh, all the insanity that's happening everywhere else. But here, here's the safe zone, all right, your safe space. Uh, we're on from 3 to 6, and then after 6 o'clock, if you missed any of the show, you catch up on it with John Cobalt Show on demand on the iHeart app. And once again, we got the live stream going So go to The John Kobelt Show on YouTube, and we're already there, so you can come and wave and I'll wave back. Uh, The John Kobelt Show on YouTube. And if you had subscribed by now, you'd already know we're on, because when you subscribe, you get notifications that says, hey, he's coming on. youtube.com/@johnkobeltshow. youtube.com/@johnkobeltshow. You sign up for that and you'll get You'll get notified. All right, we have a tremendous amount. I want to get right into the new poll that came out for the mayor's race in Los Angeles, uh, Emerson College along with Inside California Politics. Now there are some issues with this poll, but what they say is— this is since the debate, uh— Karen Bass is at 30, Spencer Pratt at 22, Nithya Raman at 19, and top 2 of course go on to November. Entrepreneur Adam Miller at 7, and the left-wing whack job, a housing advocate, Ray Wong, is at 4. 16% undecided. So Pratt's in a good spot, but it's tight over Raman. And that's where we get to the makeup of the polling. Uh, there is a guy quoted in here, his name's Paul Mitchell. Uh, the LA Times says he's the vice president of the bipartisan voter data— bipartisan voter data company called Political Data. And he was not impressed with the accuracy of the poll. First of all, they only polled 350 people, and usually you poll 1,000 minimum. He said that a third of those surveyed were Latino, and actual turnout among Latinos is likely to be about 20%. He also said about 50% polled were over the age of 50, and normally 60% of the voters are over 50. You see, for all the hoopla over young people, they don't vote much. And they can carry on all day about Latinos being the largest percentage of the population, but they don't vote much comparatively. So he thought the poll was too young, too Latino, too few people. And that's important because Nithya Raman's strength apparently came from younger voters. So her, her strength came from younger voters who probably aren't going to vote in the percentages that are seen here in the polling. So her number may be a bit inflated. Uh, now Bass does have an edge with older people according to this poll, 47% from people over 60. And if this is true or anywhere close to true, isn't this baffling? Because people over 60 are old enough to remember the way Los Angeles used to be. If you're over 60 and, and you're a lifelong resident— I am not going to use the word angelito, I refuse to— but if you've been a lifelong resident of Los Angeles, or even if you came here in your 20s and you've been here for 40 years or more, you remember the good old days. I mean, the good old days were, you know, 10, 15 years ago were the good old days. So why, after a while— I mean, you've seen the most degradation. I mean, I've only been here since the '90s, and I am, I am absolutely overwhelmed with the degradation of Los Angeles. I can't imagine people who were here or grew up in the '70s and '80s— how would— how will you— how you stick with Karen Bass? I, I don't think there's any other issue a normal person would vote on other than the quality of life being horrible. So I'm, I'm, I'm baffled by this. Absolutely flabbergasted. That people who have been living in Los Angeles for 30 or 40 years or more, that there'd be a single person who'd say, you know, this current mayor, she's really, uh, really hitting a home run these days, huh? So, uh, Bass leads with women, and I, I told you, I told you yesterday that many female voters, especially in California, are afflicted with suicidal empathy. And that's where you start empathizing and caring, uh, more for the perpetrators than the victims, because you start worrying about what these perpetrators went through as children, the abuse they suffered, the racism they suffered, the, the unfairness of it all, the abandonment you know, a dad non-existent in their lives, and you internalize all the childhood grief of the perpetrators that you forget that, hey, that guy over there just smashed somebody over the head. And I'll hear mostly women say, you know, I feel so bad for the homeless. I don't hear guys saying that, really, I don't. But women are going, I feel so bad for them, you know, they don't want to be like that, that's somebody's son. It's like, Okay, most guys I know just would get the creep off the street already before he kills somebody. Men have to reassert themselves in the culture, really. Men have to go back to more old-fashioned values of being the level-headed protector of, uh, of a community, because, uh, men have largely abandoned that role, and they have been feminized and castrated to some extent. And now we have suicidal empathetic women who are the primary voters. I mean, 65%— I'm not talking about all women, obviously. I'm talking about this particular subset here. But there's enough of them, and believe me, they don't listen to this show. I feel free talking about them behind their back because they're not coming near here because this represents everything they can't stand. In fact, they don't— you know, Prat gets a plurality of men, but not all men. The plurality is 30%. Still split up. I just— women, if you see that with their hatred of Trump, they don't like brash guys. They don't like guys who strut with a lot of confidence, uh, tell people off, pop off, are blunt, are rude. They don't. And Pratt's not any of that, really. Trump, yeah, but Pratt, far less so. But that, that's, you know, that, that's a dramatic change in the culture because people, younger people especially, have come through the, uh come through the school system where just— and I have 3 sons, so they've told me what, how, how men were, how men were treated, how men were described in the school system. And basically all the masculine traits were demonized as being evil and harmful to society. And some guys internalize that and they walk around completely neutered and feminized. Some guys just shut up because you You can't take on the establishment. So I, uh, anyway, it's, uh, the goal is to get, the goal is to get Pratt in the runoff, and he is. And Rahman is third by 3 points. And then maybe this Paul Mitchell is right and it's just too, too skewed for Latinos and, uh, too skewed for younger people, and Pratt will do actually better in 3 weeks. Now, some of the votes already in, but I, I, I, because I, I, I've just been reading comments, uh, to the reaction to the initial story in the LA Times and Channel 5 about the poll, and there's so many people who are slamming their heads against the wall. They cannot believe anybody would vote for either Bass or Raman. And again, this is not on ideological lines. This is not on party lines. This is about look around and see what a sewer LA's become. Obviously we can't do this anymore. Obviously this has gotta stop. I, I mentioned this a few times already, but my wife saw a guy drop his pants and fire out excrement right in front of her and in front of my dog. Dog is still upset. And you can't— this, this can't be. It's not the first time it's happened to her. It's happened to her like 3, 4 times. She's out walking and a homeless guy is taking a dump in front of her. Now, cannot live this way. Cannot. It's got to stop because I know a lot of people fleeing. They're at least fleeing for 6 months at a day, declaring their legal residence in another state so they'll come around, they'll go see friends and go to their old favorite restaurants, but they're not spending 12 months a year in California anymore, and they're going to take their tax revenue with them because you spend 6 months and a day in another state, then, uh, which doesn't have this— and nobody has this. This is the most disgusting city in the country. The most disgusting city in the country. So you could go virtually anywhere and not run into this, and that alone is a reason to vote for Pratt and not Bass. I don't want to hear about statistics. I don't want to hear about excuses. I don't want to hear about suicidal empathy, ideology, anything. This is not livable. If people are regularly taking, taking dumps in the street, defecating in the street, that's it. That alone, a deal breaker. I'm like a one-issue voter. If you have a government that allows thousands of people to do that every day, and I see it, no, that's it. Ouch. I mean, that's it. And I don't understand people who want 4 more years of this. If you haven't been convinced that she's going to do nothing about it, I don't know what to tell you. I hate to insult you. Actually, I'd love to insult you, but I just really don't get it. Okay, they're whacked out on drugs. They're out of their minds with mental illness. They're dropping their pants and they're defecating on the sidewalk right in front of you or your wife or your child or your dog. So you're gonna vote for the woman who allows this to go on? All right, we got more coming up. Uh, other big story today, Klubek, Steve Klubek, who we had on the show a few times when he was running for governor. Then he switched his allegiance to Eric Swalwell, and, uh, Swalwell, uh, had to leave the race. And at the same time, Klubek, uh, has a girlfriend who ended up getting arrested for stealing from her OnlyFans customers. Well, now Klubek has been arrested on a number of felonies. We'll get into this coming up.

[15:20] **Speaker C:** You know what quality feels like? You can see it in the way a fabric moves, recognize it in a flawless fit, and appreciate it in the details that make our styles unique. It's the standard Coldwater Creek has honored for over 40 years, derived from a rich mountain west heritage and designed for today in styles that are distinctively Coldwater Creek. For a wardrobe you can count on season after season, visit coldwatercreek.com. Shop new arrivals and save 15% on purchases, $75 or more with code IHEART.

[15:50] **Speaker D:** This is Martha Stewart from the Martha Stewart Podcast. Ever wonder how to make hosting look effortless? Here's a secret: getting ahead of the mess with new Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Just lightly wet the counter beforehand so the paper grips and stays in place, then lay down the Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper so drips and spills stay on the paper, not all over your kitchen counter. You can roll out dough, prep a party spread, or cook alongside family. When you're done, Cleanup is as simple as lifting the paper and revealing that clean counter underneath. Effortless. You can use it for cooking and baking prep and even crafting, especially when you need extra working space. Because when the mess is already handled, you can focus on what matters: the food, the people, and the moment. It may look effortless, but now you know it's Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Take a tip from me. Wet it, set it, prep it, done. Make it easy. Make it with Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Available now in the Reynolds Wrap aisle in Walmart, Target, Amazon, and Costco.

[17:06] **Speaker E:** If you're feeling off—fatigue, mood changes, skin shifts—yet your labs say everything's normal, you're not alone. Meet Oestra from Inner Balance, the first all-in-one prescription-strength bioidentical hormone cream that's natural and effective and only takes 1 drop 10 10 seconds a day. Oestra replaces 5 to 6 products women typically use to treat symptoms and is third-party tested to ensure the highest quality. Visit innerbalance.com today to start feeling like yourself again. That's innerbalance.com.

[17:37] **Speaker F:** Grocery prices are skyrocketing, but True Nature Meats Texas Smoked Brisket delivers authentic flavor for under $6 per person. 30 years supplying the finest barbecue joints, chances are you've already had their brisket. Old school smoky tenderness, precooked and ready. Heat in 2 minutes, pile high for tacos or sandwiches. Restaurant level at home. Exceptional taste, honest value. Visit truenaturemeats.com, code FREEMEAT for 20% off, plus free New York strip, Texas smoked brisket, and Mediterranean chicken with code FREEMEAT at truenaturemeats.com.

[18:09] **Speaker A:** You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM640. And we'll get to the Stephen Klubek soap opera coming up in, in just minutes. But I was talking about the new poll out which has Bass winning 30% of the votes, Spencer Pratt 22%, and Nithya Raman 19%. Uh, Bass is up 5 points, Pratt's up 10, Raman is up about 10 as well, and I said that I am completely flummoxed why you would vote for Karen Bass when we have thousands of people who defecate every day on the street and she's not bothered by it. And then today, to go to the other end of the body, Karen Bass was speaking somewhere And she was starting to talk about homeless people and their teeth. Okay, take a deep breath and listen to this.

[19:17] **Speaker G:** How many people who are unhoused that you meet have no teeth at all? They don't have teeth. Why? Because meth rots your teeth. You can't succeed without teeth. So there needs to be comprehensive healthcare provided to people. Did you get that?

[19:36] **Speaker A:** Well, first of all, the lesson: you can't succeed without teeth. You can't succeed without teeth. Now, coming from the queen of the fake smile, I think much of her political success is because of that strange, fixed, frozen smile that she carries around all the time. The most insincere smile, and it's always there. And I guess it hypnotizes or mesmerizes people, so I'll take her as an expert on what kind of teeth you need in order to have success in life.

[20:08] **Speaker G:** You can't succeed without teeth.

[20:12] **Speaker A:** But now let's go a little deeper to the policy here. People who are unhoused, they have no teeth at all. They don't have teeth, she repeats. Did not mention why they don't have teeth or why they don't have a house. It's because they're snorting meth, or as Spencer Pratt put it during the debate, super meth, which is a real thing. Get to that later on. Super meth is real. Meth is real. They're snorting it all day. Meth makes your teeth fall out. So she doesn't address that they're snorting meth. In fact, the city has been paying for meth pipes and for syringes so you can inject fentanyl too. The meth makes you all frantic and crazy, and the fentanyl brings you down and puts you in a coma. And Karen Bass works both ends of that, both ends of that deal. She has tax money available, and of course it's passed through these satanic nonprofits who buy the meth pipes and they buy the syringes and then they give it out. So the teeth are gone, and what's her— what's her conclusion here? Not that we have to put the homeless into mental health treatment and into drug treatment, right? Her conclusion is we have to have comprehensive healthcare, like, you know, some kind of government-run healthcare system where everybody's guaranteed healthcare. So when you go to work and I go to work, at the end of the week we get taxed and the no-tooth meth addict, he gets some of our money for comprehensive medical care. That's what she thinks the solution is. That's what she wants the solution to be. So we're supposed to give them teeth. Well, we give them the meth pipe so they lose the teeth, and now we're supposed to give them new teeth. I guess when you put in new teeth If you keep doing the meth, do they fall out too? I don't know how that works. What about a simple set of dentures? Does that rot the dentures? Play this whole clip again. Well, all right, wait, before you play it, when I saw it, I was scrolling through Twitter and I saw it, and because I've seen all these incredible realistic AI videos, you know, some that Spencer Pratt put out I looked at this and I said, oh, this has got to be one of these AI videos. This can't be. She can't actually be saying this out loud into a microphone in front of people. So I went and checked all over the place. I was like, holy crap, this is real. She actually said this. She means this. Play it again.

[23:25] **Speaker G:** How many people who are unhoused that you meet have no teeth at all? They don't have teeth. Why? Because meth rots your You can't succeed without teeth. So there needs to be comprehensive healthcare provided to people.

[23:40] **Speaker A:** So they don't succeed because you don't pay the tax money for comprehensive healthcare so they, they could buy new teeth, so they could have new teeth installed. That's why they don't succeed. That's why they're homeless. This she actually believes. She runs the government that way. Holy moly, that, that is a real person who said that, and she's still leading in the polls. Again, what do you do with people who will vote for a woman who says that the reason somebody doesn't have a home and is not successful is because we didn't pay for the new set of teeth that rotted out from their meth habit. I'll do the Klubek stuff next. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640, the John Cobalt Show, where you can follow us at John Cobalt Radio on social media at John Cobalt Radio, or we're live on YouTube right now, so head to YouTube, watch us live, and there's live chat going on too, so you could, uh argue with all those people. Thank you for watching, listening, writing. Uh, if you want to get a notification, you got to subscribe. To subscribe, go to youtube.com/johncobeltshow. Uh, on to— I'm still, I'm still blown away by Karen Bass's lecture on how you need teeth to succeed. But moving on, uh, Stephen Klubek probably a little over a year ago, first came on our show. He was running for governor. He definitely was an interesting guy. He was worth $2 billion after selling a timeshare company in Nevada. He had some government connections. He actually worked in some way in the Obama administration. In fact, I saw a photo today in one of the news sites of him standing with Obama at a podium. Uh, and, uh, then he decided he wanted to run for governor here in California, and, uh, we had him on the show and he was very blunt and gruff and got nowhere in the polls at all running as a Democrat. Uh, next thing you know, he, uh, he hit the news because he was endorsing Eric Swalwell. In fact, Swalwell was living in his house. Some of the time. And then he hit the news because Klubek has a girlfriend who has at least 4 names. Advah Lavi, I believe, is her real name, also known as Shoshana, Shana, and Mia Ventura. And the reason she may have all those names is there are a number of people who accused her of stealing stuff from their apartments. It's got some women who said she stole handbags from them or wallets from them as well. Um, the guys are older guys that she met on OnlyFans. They were her customers. She was their entertainment of one sort or another. Um, dinner probably they went out to. So the guy said, well, you know, she befriended us and then she ended up stealing stuff from our homes. Well, there was enough evidence that the LA County District Attorney filed charges, felony charges against Adva. Now we had Stephen Kloubek on to talk about the Swalwell situation. He threw Swalwell out of the House. And to say that everybody who's accusing his girlfriend, fiancée, Adva, of stealing stuff, they're all lying. Well, now Kloubek's been arrested. He turned himself in at the LA County Sheriff's Office in West Hollywood, and the story is that he's been charged with a number of felonies for trying to prevent a victim or a witness from testifying. Or attending a trial. Uh, also annoying telephone calls. There may have been telephone calls and text messages to some of the guys who are saying Klubek's girlfriend stole stuff from them. Uh, there is a charging document. Klubek tried to prevent Michael Crane from testifying at trial. Threatened him with force and an express and implied threat of force and violence. Another La Vie victim is Scott Thurman, uh, he's also supposedly got threatened by Kloubek. And then Michael Farag, a third La Vie customer, he says Kloubek tried to convince him not to testify. And then a fourth person, Lou Shapiro, an attorney, says he was threatened, Klubek threatened to injure him. So you've got 4 people, 3 customers and an attorney, Michael Crane, Scott Thuman, Mike Farag, and Lou Shapiro, who said, uh, now when you interfere with— when you are accused of interfering with witnesses or trying to prevent them from testifying or prevent them from attending a trial. Those are serious felonies. If he was convicted, Kluback faces up to 11 years and 6 months in prison. So this is a big deal. So Kluback has now, uh, been charged with felonies. The girl has been charged with felonies. Swellwell is the only one who hasn't been charged yet, although he may have done the worst crimes of all. But they've got to get the, the proof that stands up in court with all these, uh, rape accusations. And, uh, Klubex, uh, paid the— or, you know, put up whatever he had to put up with for the $300,000 bond. And he has told the California Post that he still wants to marry Adva, saying the marriage is on. The date is now a secret. Uh, Lava is wearing an ankle monitor. And she is a— has been a penthouse pet and a model. And some business people are writing letters to the court asking that her ankle monitor be removed. Uh, one of the letters is from Morial Parker, the founder of the Ganja Collection. I guess that's a clothing line. Because Parker says Lavi is an indispensable asset to our brand. Her image is inextricably linked to our corporate identity. She's supposed to be in an upcoming ad campaign and is asking the judge to remove the ankle monitor to mitigate, mitigate the irreparable damage being done to her career. I guess she can't pose and model clothing with an ankle monitor. Although I bet you that becomes a fashion accessory, right? Can't you see that? I could see Deborah with an ankle monitor. Deborah Mark? Yeah, probably should have one for other reasons. Yeah, I can see her. You know what the thing is? If something ridiculous becomes a trend, women will wear it. If ankle monitors are cool or in style, all you need is one model on the COVID of a magazine or in a major ad campaign And you'll see, you'll see, you know, they'll have ankle monitors in designer colors and they'll be studded with jewels and rhinestones. And here's another letter from Brian Lucy, a music mastering engineer on 11 Grammy winners. And Brian wrote a letter to the court saying, I would not be able to hire her for any future music videos planned on the schedule. Oh please, in the music industry? I mean, how many rap stars have killed people? That doesn't stop them from putting out records and videos. Um, so they arrested Kloubac. He turned himself in, uh, Tuesday at 11 AM yesterday. And then by 1:17, he was released on $300,000 bond. So he's free, Swalwell's free, and, uh, Advilavi is free right now. But there's a lot of trials coming up, or a lot of plea bargaining. It's going to be going on. All right, we'll come back. We can try a few comments when we come back. All right, uh, one of the features on the— with the YouTube that we're going to try to incorporate on the radio is we'll take your comments live and I'll respond to them. So, uh, do whatever you have to do to— and Eric will, uh, screen the comments and forward them to me, and we'll just do a little rapid-fire quick response to whatever you have to say on all this stuff. Uh, when we come back, among other things, we've got Deborah Marcus off today, and I think she's in custody somewhere. Any natural disasters anywhere yet? I'm checking, I'm monitoring.

[33:11] **Speaker C:** You know what quality feels like. You can see it in the way a fabric moves, recognize it in a flawless fit, and appreciate it in details that make our styles unique. It's the standard Coldwater Creek has honored for over 40 years, derived from a rich Mountain West heritage and designed for today in styles that are distinctively Coldwater Creek. For a wardrobe you can count on season after season, visit coldwatercreek.com. Shop new arrivals and save 15% on purchases $75 or more with code I heart.

[33:41] **Speaker D:** This is Martha Stewart from the Martha Stewart Podcast. Ever wonder how to make hosting look effortless? Here's a secret. When prepping for cooking and baking, get ahead of the mess with new Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Just lightly wet the counter so the paper grips, lay it down, and drips and spills stay on the paper, not on your counter. Cleanup is as simple as lifting it away to reveal clean counters. Effortless it is, thanks to Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Wet it, set it, prep it, done. Available in the Reynolds Wrap aisle at Walmart, Target, Amazon, and Costco. Dealing with fatigue, mood changes, or skin shifts?

[34:28] **Speaker E:** Labs keep coming back normal? Meet Oestra from Inner Balance, all-in-one doctor-prescribed, prescription-strength bioidentical hormone cream designed for menopause and perimenopause relief. Oestra combines two hormones for relief in one simple treatment, replacing the 5 or 6 products many women juggle. Just one drop, 10 seconds a day. Take the quick 2-minute quiz online to order Oestra today. Visit innerbalance.com to feel like yourself again.

[34:54] **Speaker F:** That's innerbalance.com. Grocery prices are skyrocketing, but True Nature Meats Texas Smoked Brisket delivers authentic flavor for under $6 per person. 30 years supplying the finest BBQ joints, chances are you've already had their brisket. Old school smoky tenderness, precooked and ready. Heat in 2 minutes, pile high for tacos or sandwiches. Restaurant level at home. Exceptional taste, honest value. Visit truenaturemeats.com, code free meat for 20% off, plus free New York strip, Texas smoked brisket, and Mediterranean chicken with code free meat at truenaturemeats.com.

[35:27] **Speaker A:** You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. 877-MOIST-86, the moist line for Friday. It's already Wednesday. 877-MOIST-86, or use the talkback feature on the iHeartRadio app. All right, we're live on YouTube, live on YouTube. Go to the John Cobalt Show on YouTube and you will see. And also there's a live chat, and we're also taking your live comments, uh, directly to me, and I'll read them on the air and react to them. All right, so, uh We'll start, uh, now we're just trying this out for the second time, so I apologize to everybody if it sounds clunky. Richard Becerra, uh, best show in LA. Well, that was, uh, that's really— that's a good start there. Uh, let's see. S Straight, thanks for the safe space, John. Now let loose the dogs of political war. Oh yeah, at the start of the show I emphasized that Obviously everything's insane out there, but this is your safe space where you can, uh, be comfortable. I was at Porto's in Glendale. I didn't see a single homeless person and the streets were pristine. Yes, Glendale doesn't have this. Neither does Burbank. Right outside my window here, that's the city of Burbank. There's no homeless people in the street. I remember one guy some years ago If I went to the other side of the building and looked out the, the far window, there was one guy we saw encamped, and everybody was crowding around the window because they'd never seen one before in Burbank. And a half hour later, the guy was gone. I think we talked about it on the air, and Burbank police came and scooped him up, and he's gone. Where else don't you see them? Oh, most of Orange County, you don't see them. Most of Ventura County, you don't see them. Beverly Hills, you don't see them. There is no reason to have them. You could probably drive through— to add on to what Shannon said in that promo— you could drive through the state of Kansas and probably not find one of them. I've told you, in Florida, just was in Sarasota 2 weeks, maybe I saw 2 questionable guys wandering around in the whole city. Over 2 weeks. Uh, what's on the other side of the window shade? This is Randy Watson. What? Well, if you can see the buildings behind me, uh, that's the old NBC complex from years ago where they used to do The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and Johnny Carson before that, and all the other, uh, you know, variety shows and sitcoms, a lot of game shows. They're all shot there now. It's, it's still, uh, television sound stages. but various media companies rent out the space. Our iHeartTheater's over there too. Uh, let's see, uh, Daniel McGinnis: My family's been in LA since 1848. Oh, these people are old! Oh my God, he's got a family, people are 180 years old. How much Medicare have you sucked up? Just before we became a state, they came. And if, uh, Basura wins, I'm out. Yeah, I, I don't— I could go on about— I'm actually getting kind of depressed because we found out like another set of friends of ours, uh, just told my wife that, that they're leaving and they're going to Florida for at least 6 months. And another set of friends have moved to Florida also as well for 6 months. Like our whole social life is shrinking because these people are successful. Some of them could do their work anywhere. And they don't want to deal with it anymore. And this revenue is leaving— this is tax revenue leaving the state. It is not hype. People with means and middle-class people are doing this too, because you can go— the LA Times runs stories all the time, people that move to Texas or Nevada, Arizona, Tennessee, North Carolina, Florida. They're in shock how big a house they can have and how much land they could have on a middle-class salary, a fraction of what's, uh, what's LA costs. So it's not just the wealthy, it's the middle class. All that's going to be left are, uh, illegal aliens, homeless people, and criminals. All right, uh, this is, uh, 5150 Rockstar. Gavin's little choo-choo train could have paid for everyone's healthcare. My God, can you imagine? We've spent $17 billion, what that could have gone for, and it's supposed to cost $231 billion? That's why I want to hear about this. Oh, we have to have the gas tax because otherwise how are we going to fix the roads? The gas tax is going to high-speed rail. That's how you fix the roads. You stop funding that, uh, but it's all theft. It's all a criminal operation. I gotta get this— I gotta get people to understand this. This is not just incompetence. There's a lot of incompetence, right? There's a lot of stupidity, but overwhelmingly it's about theft. It's about corruption. They're stealing the money because they can. I don't know, maybe if you were— maybe if you were where they were, you'd steal it too. One-party rule. There's no investigations done because you're in charge of the investigations, right? The Attorney General Rob Bonta, he, he does the investigations. He's not investigating anything when it comes to high-speed rail. Uh, and finally we have, uh, Mr., Mr. Mr. Gearly. Okay, watching and listening from the Big Island in Hawaii. Well, welcome. Thank you for joining us. And, uh, I don't think they've— when I've been to Hawaii a couple of times, I haven't seen anybody lined in the streets there either. When we come back, boy, and is this not the epitome of everything we've talked about this hour? The LA firefighters— this is actually sad— they got 226,000 signatures to put a tax on the ballot so that they could have money for the fire department. Because Karen Bass, even after the big fire, still keeps cutting the fire department. She still does. Tell you all about it when we come back. Uh, in for Deborah Mark, it is Brigitta D'Agostino live in the KFI 24-hour newsroom. You've been listening to the John Cobalt Show podcast. You can always hear the show live on KFI AM 640 from 3 to 6 PM every Monday through Monday through Friday, and of course anytime on demand on the iHeartRadio app. KFI AM 640. More stimulating talk.

[42:22] **Speaker C:** You know what quality feels like. You can see it in the way a fabric moves, recognize it in a flawless fit, and appreciate it in the details that make our styles unique. It's the standard Coldwater Creek has honored for over 40 years, derived from a rich Mountain West heritage and designed for today in styles that are distinctively Coldwater Creek. For a wardrobe you can count on season after season, visit coldwatercreek.com. Shop new arrivals and save 15% on purchases $75 or more with code I heart.

[42:52] **Speaker D:** Ever wonder how to make hosting look effortless? Here's a secret: when prepping for cooking and baking, get ahead of the mess with new Reynolds Kitchens countertop prep paper. Just lightly wet the counter so the paper grips Lay it down and drips and spills stay on the paper, not on your counter. Cleanup is as simple as lifting it away to reveal clean counters. Effortless it is, thanks to Reynolds Kitchens Countertop Prep Paper. Wet it, set it, prep it, done. Available in the Reynolds Wrap aisle at Walmart, Target, Amazon, and Costco.

[43:32] **Speaker E:** Dealing with fatigue, mood changes, or skin shifts? Labs keep coming back normal? Meet Oestra from Inner Balance, all-in-one doctor-prescribed prescription-strength bioidentical hormone cream designed for menopause and perimenopause relief. Oestra combines two hormones for relief in one simple treatment, replacing the 5 or 6 products many women juggle. Just one drop, 10 seconds a day. Take the quick 2-minute quiz online to order Oestra today. Visit innerbalance.com to feel like yourself again. That's innerbalance.com.

[44:03] **Speaker A:** There's a fire inside you you can't ignore.

[44:05] **Speaker C:** Stand still? Not a chance. You're a lifelong learner who's come this far.

[44:10] **Speaker G:** Now we are here to help you keep going further.

[44:13] **Speaker A:** Capella University. What can't you do?

[44:15] **Speaker G:** Visit capella.edu to learn more.
