# Hour 3 - Is Communism on the Rise?

**Show:** The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show
**Date Published:** 2026-06-26
**Date Found:** 2026-06-26
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-clay-travis-and-buck-sexton-show/hour-3-is-communism-on-the-rise?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 46 minutes

## Summary

This 46-minute episode of The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show

## Key Moment

> "She's got to get— she's got to vote. It's called the Save America Act. It's voter ID, ideally photo ID, right? So you can look and you can say, oh, that person's okay, or for lots of reasons, that person is not the same person. We want proof of citizenship, and we want no mail-in ballots except for illness, disability, and military deployment or travel. Would be very judicious. Look what's happening in California where the ballots still aren't in. They're still not. Can you believe it? Weeks afterwards. You know what's happening? They're cheating. The kid won, or he was certainly in the top two. I don't know him. I never met him. Spencer Pratt. And he went away quietly. We didn't go away quietly, but he shouldn't go away quietly. He should protest because it was In my very strong opinion, that was a rigged election. That kid should be in the runoffs. The woman who edged him out after like a long time, days, days and days. And then you'd hear reports Spencer Pratt is not doing so well, even though he was strongly in the lead. And then you hear Spencer Pratt has a 20% chance of being in the runoff. I said, They just rigged the election. And then you hear that a woman who nobody ever heard of is in the runoff, not him. And then they tried to hurt Steve Hilton too. Then I called the US Attorney and I said, you have to look into this because Steve Hilton did great. He's running for governor. And you could see it. The election was there. He was doing great. Then day after day, you'd hear reports about vote counting. They go on for weeks. You know, Colombia just had an election. The country of Colombia, 30 million voters. And I endorsed, I now, I'm endorsed. We do so well with endorsements, like almost 100% success. But I endorsed somebody running, El Tigre. El Tigre. I liked him. You know why? Because he likes me. I don't know. He used to talk about Trump. I like President Trump. I don't know. How can you not let? So I endorsed him. I didn't know. He was in way down the list. He was not going to win. No chance of winning. I endorsed him and he won. Did he just announce he won? But think of it. They had 30 million votes. By 9:30 in the evening, every single vote was counted and there were no complaints. He won. Every vote was counted. Here we are in California. They're going to go for weeks and weeks and weeks. And you know what they do? They cheat. How many votes do we need? How many votes? That's why they take their time. How many votes do we need? Okay, here they are. It's honestly, it's terrible. We're a third world country with elections. And we will also enshrine a permanent law that says very easily and succinctly, no men in women's sports and no transgender surgery for our children. Never forget, if the radical left ever gets the chance, they will bring all of this insanity right back at levels that you've never seen before. You will never have seen anything like it if they ever get their chance. And they're trying like hell. I call them the dumbocrats. I exchange an E for a U. The dumb-agrets. And that's counter— it's trending number one, the word dumbagrets. I just can't believe I didn't think of it. 9 years ago, I should have said. The Democrats, they are horrible. They want to resume the transgender mutilation of our children. They want to restart the war on Christians and churches. And as you saw with the communists elected in New York City recently, they're communists. They're not social democrats. They want to completely destroy the traditional American way of life. Communism. Communism is very easy to sell. It destroys everything, but it's very easy. I'll be honest, I think I'd be the greatest communist in history. I'd give free rent. Ladies and gentlemen, from now on, you don't have to pay any rent. From now on, anybody wants a house, don't worry about it. Just pick the house you want. Everybody gets free food. Everything is free from this point forward. Everyone's going to vote for me. The problem is, After 2 or 3 years, the country is a disaster area. The country fails. They always do. It always does. So easy to sell. That first year, boy, you're the most popular. It's happening right now in New York and California. But you'll start living in squalor. You'll live in squalor. There will be no food. There will be no housing. There will be no military. There will be no law and order. There will be no nothing. There'll be no nothing. You'll be a third world inhabitant in every way, and everyone will suffer or die. You'll suffer or die. That's what happens. For thousands of years, it's been happening by different names. Thousands of years. I would be— I'm telling you, I'd be the greatest communist in history. It would be so easy. You wouldn't have to work. You could stay home. The problem is a couple of years go by, the whole place collapses. Always does, always has. But I'm sorry to say, but assassinations of those who oppose them is a very important element of their ideology. Assassination is a big deal for them. They're animals. They're animals. In many cases, they're not smart, but in some cases, they are. It's easy for them to get followers because they make promises that they know they can't keep. And the Democrats aren't fighting back. That's why they're dumb. They're not fighting back. They're afraid. I watch Schumer. He's afraid to fight. I watch guys that are pretty normal and guys that we oppose. They're afraid to fight. The Democrats have taken a tremendous turn left. And many of these people, I looked at some of the people that got elected the other night in New York. These are These are in many ways stupid people, in some ways intellectually probably pretty smart, but they're people that want to destroy our country. They hate our country. They hate our people. They hate the Democrat Party. The Democrat Party is in big trouble because this isn't stopping with New York. This is going all— too easy to get elected, given everything away. Too easy to get elected. Very dangerous. But you'll soon have nothing left. That's the problem. In many ways, they're allowing them to just go their own way. Do your own. We don't want to take a chance on saying anything bad because we're afraid we're going to lose our jobs if we do. They're afraid they're going to lose their election if they even think about saying anything bad about this new breed of sick people. They're not smart enough or tough enough to fight the plague that's happening. It's happening right before your very eyes. If they fought them the way they fight Republicans or the way they fight me, they'd be victorious. They didn't beat us, but they'd be victorious against the communists. But they don't have the courage to do so. So they're turning communists themselves, becoming a communist party. These are not social democrats. These are hardcore, godless communists. They're godless communists. All communists are godless. They don't believe in God. This is the most serious threat to our country since its existence, in my opinion, 250 years ago. This is a major threat to our country. It isn't something that's easily solved, but with a little love and help, some hard work, because it's ironic, we're celebrating a very important birthday. Our most important birthday so far, 250 years. And instead of speaking about Christ, and instead of speaking about freedom and victories of all different kinds, we're speaking about yet another threat to the foundations of America. These ruthless communists will attack all religions, but in particular Christianity. They always do. They're after Christianity more than any other religion. It seems to be more and more throughout the world, maybe because we're doing so well. I don't know, maybe if we weren't doing well. But you see the numbers, how they're growing, how the churches are filling up. It's a beautiful thing to see. I mean, look, it happens to be during my presidency, so I don't mind taking credit for it. I'm very proud."
> — Speaker E at 02:19
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [02:19] Speaker E: "She's got to get— she's got to vote. It's called the Save America Act. It's voter ID, ideally photo ID, right? So you can look and you can say, oh, that person's okay, or for lots of reasons, that person is not the same person. We want proof of citizenship, and we want no mail-in ballots except for illness, disability, and military deployment or travel. Would be very judicious. Look what's happening in California where the ballots still aren't in. They're still not. Can you believe it? Weeks afterwards. You know what's happening? They're cheating. The kid won, or he was certainly in the top two. I don't know him. I never met him. Spencer Pratt. And he went away quietly. We didn't go away quietly, but he shouldn't go away quietly. He should protest because it was In my very strong opinion, that was a rigged election. That kid should be in the runoffs. The woman who edged him out after like a long time, days, days and days. And then you'd hear reports Spencer Pratt is not doing so well, even though he was strongly in the lead. And then you hear Spencer Pratt has a 20% chance of being in the runoff. I said, They just rigged the election. And then you hear that a woman who nobody ever heard of is in the runoff, not him. And then they tried to hurt Steve Hilton too. Then I called the US Attorney and I said, you have to look into this because Steve Hilton did great. He's running for governor. And you could see it. The election was there. He was doing great. Then day after day, you'd hear reports about vote counting. They go on for weeks. You know, Colombia just had an election. The country of Colombia, 30 million voters. And I endorsed, I now, I'm endorsed. We do so well with endorsements, like almost 100% success. But I endorsed somebody running, El Tigre. El Tigre. I liked him. You know why? Because he likes me. I don't know. He used to talk about Trump. I like President Trump. I don't know. How can you not let? So I endorsed him. I didn't know. He was in way down the list. He was not going to win. No chance of winning. I endorsed him and he won. Did he just announce he won? But think of it. They had 30 million votes. By 9:30 in the evening, every single vote was counted and there were no complaints. He won. Every vote was counted. Here we are in California. They're going to go for weeks and weeks and weeks. And you know what they do? They cheat. How many votes do we need? How many votes? That's why they take their time. How many votes do we need? Okay, here they are. It's honestly, it's terrible. We're a third world country with elections. And we will also enshrine a permanent law that says very easily and succinctly, no men in women's sports and no transgender surgery for our children. Never forget, if the radical left ever gets the chance, they will bring all of this insanity right back at levels that you've never seen before. You will never have seen anything like it if they ever get their chance. And they're trying like hell. I call them the dumbocrats. I exchange an E for a U. The dumb-agrets. And that's counter— it's trending number one, the word dumbagrets. I just can't believe I didn't think of it. 9 years ago, I should have said. The Democrats, they are horrible. They want to resume the transgender mutilation of our children. They want to restart the war on Christians and churches. And as you saw with the communists elected in New York City recently, they're communists. They're not social democrats. They want to completely destroy the traditional American way of life. Communism. Communism is very easy to sell. It destroys everything, but it's very easy. I'll be honest, I think I'd be the greatest communist in history. I'd give free rent. Ladies and gentlemen, from now on, you don't have to pay any rent. From now on, anybody wants a house, don't worry about it. Just pick the house you want. Everybody gets free food. Everything is free from this point forward. Everyone's going to vote for me. The problem is, After 2 or 3 years, the country is a disaster area. The country fails. They always do. It always does. So easy to sell. That first year, boy, you're the most popular. It's happening right now in New York and California. But you'll start living in squalor. You'll live in squalor. There will be no food. There will be no housing. There will be no military. There will be no law and order. There will be no nothing. There'll be no nothing. You'll be a third world inhabitant in every way, and everyone will suffer or die. You'll suffer or die. That's what happens. For thousands of years, it's been happening by different names. Thousands of years. I would be— I'm telling you, I'd be the greatest communist in history. It would be so easy. You wouldn't have to work. You could stay home. The problem is a couple of years go by, the whole place collapses. Always does, always has. But I'm sorry to say, but assassinations of those who oppose them is a very important element of their ideology. Assassination is a big deal for them. They're animals. They're animals. In many cases, they're not smart, but in some cases, they are. It's easy for them to get followers because they make promises that they know they can't keep. And the Democrats aren't fighting back. That's why they're dumb. They're not fighting back. They're afraid. I watch Schumer. He's afraid to fight. I watch guys that are pretty normal and guys that we oppose. They're afraid to fight. The Democrats have taken a tremendous turn left. And many of these people, I looked at some of the people that got elected the other night in New York. These are These are in many ways stupid people, in some ways intellectually probably pretty smart, but they're people that want to destroy our country. They hate our country. They hate our people. They hate the Democrat Party. The Democrat Party is in big trouble because this isn't stopping with New York. This is going all— too easy to get elected, given everything away. Too easy to get elected. Very dangerous. But you'll soon have nothing left. That's the problem. In many ways, they're allowing them to just go their own way. Do your own. We don't want to take a chance on saying anything bad because we're afraid we're going to lose our jobs if we do. They're afraid they're going to lose their election if they even think about saying anything bad about this new breed of sick people. They're not smart enough or tough enough to fight the plague that's happening. It's happening right before your very eyes. If they fought them the way they fight Republicans or the way they fight me, they'd be victorious. They didn't beat us, but they'd be victorious against the communists. But they don't have the courage to do so. So they're turning communists themselves, becoming a communist party. These are not social democrats. These are hardcore, godless communists. They're godless communists. All communists are godless. They don't believe in God. This is the most serious threat to our country since its existence, in my opinion, 250 years ago. This is a major threat to our country. It isn't something that's easily solved, but with a little love and help, some hard work, because it's ironic, we're celebrating a very important birthday. Our most important birthday so far, 250 years. And instead of speaking about Christ, and instead of speaking about freedom and victories of all different kinds, we're speaking about yet another threat to the foundations of America. These ruthless communists will attack all religions, but in particular Christianity. They always do. They're after Christianity more than any other religion. It seems to be more and more throughout the world, maybe because we're doing so well. I don't know, maybe if we weren't doing well. But you see the numbers, how they're growing, how the churches are filling up. It's a beautiful thing to see. I mean, look, it happens to be during my presidency, so I don't mind taking credit for it. I'm very proud."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is an iHeart podcast.

[00:02] **Speaker B:** Guaranteed Human. Life gets busy and it's easy to feel a little worn down spiritually. That's why intouch.org is such a helpful place to stop and breathe for a moment. You can watch messages from Dr. Charles Stanley, read a quick devotional, or find resources that speak to what you're dealing with right now. It's simple, it's encouraging, and it's always there when you need it. Take a minute today and check out intouch.org.

[00:25] **Speaker C:** This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

[00:35] **Speaker A:** Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history.

[00:44] **Speaker C:** It's more than just fireworks.

[00:46] **Speaker A:** Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA.

[00:56] **Speaker D:** Hi, it's Karen and Georgia from My Favorite Murder.

[00:57] **Speaker A:** We cruised around LA in the Hyundai Ioniq 5 and dove into the fascinating life of actress and inventor Hedy Lamarr.

[01:04] **Speaker D:** Want the full story? Take a listen.

[01:06] **Speaker A:** She starts dating Howard Hughes. Hmm. And in fact, she helps him design a faster plane. So she finds the fastest bird and the fastest fish and sketches out a drawing of what the two would look like as a plane. And that becomes the plane that we know today. And he calls her a genius. Check out our new episode spotlighting groundbreaking innovators like Hedy Lamarr and Billie Jean King, presented by the Hyundai Ioniq 5. Goodbye!

[01:32] **Speaker B:** Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week.

[01:35] **Speaker E:** You got it coming! This is total nonstop action!

[01:39] **Speaker B:** TNA Thursday Night Impact, every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit tnawrestling.com.

[01:47] **Speaker C:** They track, they target, Prices can climb. Startpage is the private search engine that helps keep what you look up online from becoming a price tag. Try Startpage at startpage.com. That's startpage.com.

[02:02] **Speaker B:** Third Hour Klanbot gets going right now, everybody. Thank you so much for being here. Trump right now is speaking and he is at the—

[02:12] **Speaker C:** what—

[02:12] **Speaker B:** the Faith and Freedom Coalition conference. Let's He's in Washington. Let's hear from the guy. Go, go to him live, guys. Let's hear from the big man.

[02:19] **Speaker E:** She's got to get— she's got to vote. It's called the Save America Act. It's voter ID, ideally photo ID, right? So you can look and you can say, oh, that person's okay, or for lots of reasons, that person is not the same person. We want proof of citizenship, and we want no mail-in ballots except for illness, disability, and military deployment or travel. Would be very judicious. Look what's happening in California where the ballots still aren't in. They're still not. Can you believe it? Weeks afterwards. You know what's happening? They're cheating. The kid won, or he was certainly in the top two. I don't know him. I never met him. Spencer Pratt. And he went away quietly. We didn't go away quietly, but he shouldn't go away quietly. He should protest because it was In my very strong opinion, that was a rigged election. That kid should be in the runoffs. The woman who edged him out after like a long time, days, days and days. And then you'd hear reports Spencer Pratt is not doing so well, even though he was strongly in the lead. And then you hear Spencer Pratt has a 20% chance of being in the runoff. I said, They just rigged the election. And then you hear that a woman who nobody ever heard of is in the runoff, not him. And then they tried to hurt Steve Hilton too. Then I called the US Attorney and I said, you have to look into this because Steve Hilton did great. He's running for governor. And you could see it. The election was there. He was doing great. Then day after day, you'd hear reports about vote counting. They go on for weeks. You know, Colombia just had an election. The country of Colombia, 30 million voters. And I endorsed, I now, I'm endorsed. We do so well with endorsements, like almost 100% success. But I endorsed somebody running, El Tigre. El Tigre. I liked him. You know why? Because he likes me. I don't know. He used to talk about Trump. I like President Trump. I don't know. How can you not let? So I endorsed him. I didn't know. He was in way down the list. He was not going to win. No chance of winning. I endorsed him and he won. Did he just announce he won? But think of it. They had 30 million votes. By 9:30 in the evening, every single vote was counted and there were no complaints. He won. Every vote was counted. Here we are in California. They're going to go for weeks and weeks and weeks. And you know what they do? They cheat. How many votes do we need? How many votes? That's why they take their time. How many votes do we need? Okay, here they are. It's honestly, it's terrible. We're a third world country with elections. And we will also enshrine a permanent law that says very easily and succinctly, no men in women's sports and no transgender surgery for our children. Never forget, if the radical left ever gets the chance, they will bring all of this insanity right back at levels that you've never seen before. You will never have seen anything like it if they ever get their chance. And they're trying like hell. I call them the dumbocrats. I exchange an E for a U. The dumb-agrets. And that's counter— it's trending number one, the word dumbagrets. I just can't believe I didn't think of it. 9 years ago, I should have said. The Democrats, they are horrible. They want to resume the transgender mutilation of our children. They want to restart the war on Christians and churches. And as you saw with the communists elected in New York City recently, they're communists. They're not social democrats. They want to completely destroy the traditional American way of life. Communism. Communism is very easy to sell. It destroys everything, but it's very easy. I'll be honest, I think I'd be the greatest communist in history. I'd give free rent. Ladies and gentlemen, from now on, you don't have to pay any rent. From now on, anybody wants a house, don't worry about it. Just pick the house you want. Everybody gets free food. Everything is free from this point forward. Everyone's going to vote for me. The problem is, After 2 or 3 years, the country is a disaster area. The country fails. They always do. It always does. So easy to sell. That first year, boy, you're the most popular. It's happening right now in New York and California. But you'll start living in squalor. You'll live in squalor. There will be no food. There will be no housing. There will be no military. There will be no law and order. There will be no nothing. There'll be no nothing. You'll be a third world inhabitant in every way, and everyone will suffer or die. You'll suffer or die. That's what happens. For thousands of years, it's been happening by different names. Thousands of years. I would be— I'm telling you, I'd be the greatest communist in history. It would be so easy. You wouldn't have to work. You could stay home. The problem is a couple of years go by, the whole place collapses. Always does, always has. But I'm sorry to say, but assassinations of those who oppose them is a very important element of their ideology. Assassination is a big deal for them. They're animals. They're animals. In many cases, they're not smart, but in some cases, they are. It's easy for them to get followers because they make promises that they know they can't keep. And the Democrats aren't fighting back. That's why they're dumb. They're not fighting back. They're afraid. I watch Schumer. He's afraid to fight. I watch guys that are pretty normal and guys that we oppose. They're afraid to fight. The Democrats have taken a tremendous turn left. And many of these people, I looked at some of the people that got elected the other night in New York. These are These are in many ways stupid people, in some ways intellectually probably pretty smart, but they're people that want to destroy our country. They hate our country. They hate our people. They hate the Democrat Party. The Democrat Party is in big trouble because this isn't stopping with New York. This is going all— too easy to get elected, given everything away. Too easy to get elected. Very dangerous. But you'll soon have nothing left. That's the problem. In many ways, they're allowing them to just go their own way. Do your own. We don't want to take a chance on saying anything bad because we're afraid we're going to lose our jobs if we do. They're afraid they're going to lose their election if they even think about saying anything bad about this new breed of sick people. They're not smart enough or tough enough to fight the plague that's happening. It's happening right before your very eyes. If they fought them the way they fight Republicans or the way they fight me, they'd be victorious. They didn't beat us, but they'd be victorious against the communists. But they don't have the courage to do so. So they're turning communists themselves, becoming a communist party. These are not social democrats. These are hardcore, godless communists. They're godless communists. All communists are godless. They don't believe in God. This is the most serious threat to our country since its existence, in my opinion, 250 years ago. This is a major threat to our country. It isn't something that's easily solved, but with a little love and help, some hard work, because it's ironic, we're celebrating a very important birthday. Our most important birthday so far, 250 years. And instead of speaking about Christ, and instead of speaking about freedom and victories of all different kinds, we're speaking about yet another threat to the foundations of America. These ruthless communists will attack all religions, but in particular Christianity. They always do. They're after Christianity more than any other religion. It seems to be more and more throughout the world, maybe because we're doing so well. I don't know, maybe if we weren't doing well. But you see the numbers, how they're growing, how the churches are filling up. It's a beautiful thing to see. I mean, look, it happens to be during my presidency, so I don't mind taking credit for it. I'm very proud.

[11:09] **Speaker B:** But so there you have, okay, there you have President Trump. I just, I wanted to, he was really on a roll there and I was enjoying listening to him. But as you note, it's, it's about the rising communist threat from within our own country. That's what he is concerned— he says that's the biggest threat we face now, and he's also saying that that's the biggest threat we face as a country in a very long time, uh, is that the communists will tear this place apart and will destroy it. And people who say, oh, but there's only so few of them, don't know the history of communism. It always starts out with just so few of them. It always starts out with, oh, they're some kind of a fringe, and then they become the vanguard, and then they become the establishment, and they have total control. That is the process through which this stuff moves. And, uh, Trump is absolutely correct when he says that this is an enormous, uh, challenge for us and for the country. And here, I mean, there's some data that I, I wanted to share with you because that stuff I told you about Anatomy of a Revolution by Crane Brinton from 1938 about how really envy and people being unsettled relative to others. That's what leads to tremendous periods of, well, revolution, of sometimes bloody change in a society. Uh, you know, we, we talk a lot about the economic challenges we have in this country. Let me just share some things with you. If you were to go back 50 years in time Okay, to 1976, uh, real GDP per capita has more than doubled. It's gone up 135%. So this means higher productivity, and the economy's capacity to produce goods and services per individual is way, way higher than it was. 135% increase in 50 years. Guess what? Despite all the challenges, all the budgetary strains, everything else that you feel, Nominal median household income in 1976 was $12,690. So we'll call it, you know, $12,000 and change. Adjusted for inflation, CPI factors of roughly 5, 5 times, this equates to $70,000 in 2024. Okay, the 2024 real median household income in America was $80 $3,000. So that's an increase, adjusted for inflation, of 20% per household. And, uh, real personal consumption expenditures have dramatically risen over the last 40— of last 50 years. They are 4 times, uh, 4.5 times higher today than they were in 1950 or the 1970s. Americans can buy far more in terms of goods and services and durables and experiences, going to places, travel. Food's share of household budget has fallen over 50 years. While real food prices have, uh, or rather food as a portion of the budget has gone down, food quality and taste has also Improved dramatically. New homes are much larger. The average median size of a new single-family home, again going back 50 years, used to be 1,500 square feet. Now it's 2,500 square feet. It's about a 60% increase in the average American living space, family, uh, in a single-family home. Air conditioning— I'm gonna talk more about air conditioning in a second— went from a rarity to basically universal. In 1980, about half of American residences had AC. Only a quarter had central air. Now 90% of households have air conditioning. 90% in America. My friends, I'm telling you all this so, one, you go in the 250th a little pep in your step knowing that things are actually going well. And a lot of other people want it. They want attention, so they're going to talk about conspiracies and everything is terrible, and you know, there's an evil hand behind everything. And there's a— don't listen to the idiots, honestly. Look, look at the lives of the people who tell you this stuff. A lot of time it tells you the whole tale. But I do tell you this because the situation right now is actually ripe for communism. Because things are going well, because prosperity is widely shared, because we aren't deprived, we don't have empty bellies at night, we're not living out in the streets. That is something that I know is counterintuitive, but it's very, very important. Now is a period where revolutionary fervor could become really dangerous and catch on very quickly. It is not about wealth, it is about status. It is not about needs, it is about envy. Mom Donny, Newsom, all the rest of them. This is what they are exploiting. This is the plan, and this is why the President of the United States is giving speeches right now on communism. All right, a week from today, you and I will be thinking of July 4th, our nation's 250th birthday. Given that number,— the magnitude of patriotism will be in full force. In the days after our founding fathers voted to declare our independence from King George III in England, Americans gathered in their town squares to hear someone read the Declaration of Independence to the group. Those words changed the course of history, not just for Americans, but for the world. This July 4th, join our friends at Americans for Prosperity on the Declaration Project. Reread the Declaration of Independence and reflect on the clarity and vision that motivated So many American men and women living in 1776 to make the sacrifices that they made. It's an opportunity to renew your commitment to the principles that built this country. Take the pledge now at afpbuck.com. That's afpbuck.com.

[17:28] **Speaker C:** This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert. Happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

[17:38] **Speaker A:** Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Forth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history.

[17:47] **Speaker C:** It's more than just fireworks.

[17:49] **Speaker A:** Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA.

[17:59] **Speaker D:** Hi, it's Karen and Georgia from My Favorite Murder.

[18:00] **Speaker A:** We cruised around LA in the Hyundai Ioniq 5 and dove into the fascinating life of actress and inventor Hedy Lamarr.

[18:07] **Speaker D:** Want the full story? Take a listen.

[18:09] **Speaker A:** Hedy, she starts dating Howard Hughes, the aviation tycoon. Do you know a lot about him?

[18:13] **Speaker D:** I mean, I watched The Aviator, so I know everything Leonardo DiCaprio has allowed me to know about him. But incredible innovator.

[18:21] **Speaker A:** Right. She says he's a, quote, "very strange man." Oh. But they do get along really well.

[18:26] **Speaker D:** Give us examples.

[18:27] **Speaker A:** I know. They do get along intellectually.

[18:30] **Speaker B:** Hmm.

[18:31] **Speaker A:** And in fact, she helps him design a faster plane. She takes a look at what he's designed. It's got these square wings, and she's like, that doesn't make sense. And so she finds the fastest bird and the fastest fish and sketches out a drawing of, like, what the two would look like as a plane. And that becomes the plane that we know today. And he calls her a genius. Check out our new episode spotlighting groundbreaking innovators like Hedy Lamarr and Billie Jean King, presented by the Hyundai Ioniq 5. Goodbye!

[19:00] **Speaker B:** Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week.

[19:04] **Speaker E:** You got it coming! This is total nonstop action!

[19:07] **Speaker B:** TNA Thursday Night Impact, every week. Tonight on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNAWrestling.com.

[19:15] **Speaker C:** Your 2 AM questions are nobody's business. Not the symptoms you're scared to tell your doctor. Not the money worries. Not the things you'd rather keep private. Right now, companies are using what you look up online to track, target, and make a fortune off your secrets. Startpage keeps your curiosity private. It's the private search engine that helps you find what you need without the spying and without the noise. Nobody in your business, no saved search history. Try Startpage at startpage.com. That's startpage.com. Some moments in history change the coins we carry. In 2026, America marks 250 years as a nation, and for one year only, the Semi-Quincentennial Coin and Medal Program from the United States Mint honors this milestone with new designs and on official U.S. coins. Discover the full coin and medal collection at usmint.gov/semiq. That's usmint.gov/semiq.

[20:12] **Speaker B:** Like I said, we just had the president talking about the commies, including commie mom Donnie and, uh, and others. And so there's that. We will, uh, be joined here in a moment by our friend Tudor Dixon. And I just, I wanted to share with you all that data about how the economy is actually doing well, because one, you should know that relative to what it was before. And isn't that always the promise of capitalism too? Things will get better. Services, goods. The America is the greatest wealth creation machine in the history of the world. So of course America is going to be increasing in wealth overall, and that means the American people. Now, it's not evenly distributed, of course. That's also a part of capitalism by definition. If it were evenly distributed, it would be communism. Although, as you know, communism actually is wildly unequal distribution of wealth because it just creates a hyper elite with all the resources, and then people who are impoverished and have no rights and no say over anything. That's what always happens. It's pretty stunning to me that we just saw this experiment play out in Venezuela, where a once very proud and, and well-off nation— not necessarily wealthy, but well-off, I think you could say— was brought to complete ruination and starvation by horrible socialist policies. And the same thing has been done for 50-plus years in Cuba. And we see where this happens. Show me the place where they have had some form of communist revolution or socialist communist takeover and things have been great. And in fact, people would say, well, look at China. I mean, China is really just a mafia state. It's not really a meaningfully communist country. It's an authoritarian dictatorship of 1,000 Communist Party members. Who have all the real power concentrated in their hands, but it does run as a, uh, with principles of a market so that it can amass wealth and make money and create products and services and everything else, right? So China is not even really accurately described as a— it's certainly not a classical communist country in that sense, although thugs who have all the money, who are in charge of everything and can kill you for any reason if you say anything they don't like, that's actually communism. So there is that. Um, PureTalk. PureTalk's amazing. Consumer Reports agrees with me. Consumer Reports just finished a big survey looking at PureTalk, and the— it was the only company in the space that received 5 out of 5 stars in every single category. That's right, PureTalk, my friends, hitting the ball out of the park, as they say. They got a 5-star report in all 4 possible categories: coverage, customer support, value, and data. This report reinforces what I've been telling you for years because Pure Talk has been my cell phone company for 5 years now. Switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk. All you have to do is dial #250 and say the words "Clay and Buck." No service contracts, no cancellation fees, just phenomenal US customer service and the 5G network that powers America. Dial #250 from your current phone, say "Clay and Buck," make the switch to Pure Talk. A wireless company that lives up to your expectations. We got Tudor Dixon joining us here on Friday afternoon. It's got a lot to talk about. You all know Tudor from up in Michigan. She is the host of the Tudor Dixon Show on the Playin' Buck Podcast Network. Uh, she's also a veteran of running for governor in the state of Michigan. So she's able to weigh in on that one quite a bit.

[24:05] **Speaker E:** Let's start with this.

[24:06] **Speaker B:** You have up in your state— we haven't talked a lot of Michigan here. We got a lot of Michiganders who listen. I'm not going to lie, Clay is the one who spends a lot of time in Michigan, so he's gone today. But a lot of respect for your beautiful state.

[24:19] **Speaker D:** And thank you.

[24:20] **Speaker B:** You got some whack jobs, though, who are running there of the kind of Michigan Momdani vibe, if you will. Tell us about— some of these candidates, cuz I think it's important for people to hear it's not just New York and LA that are having wackos do well in elections.

[24:37] **Speaker C:** Yeah.

[24:38] **Speaker D:** So as you are watching what's happening in New York this past week, and you saw Dan Goldman get kicked out of his own party, the party that used him as their impeachment tool and their television guy, and now he's not good enough cuz he's Jewish and they got, they got rid of him. This is gonna happen in Michigan. There's a really good chance that Abdul El-Sayed becomes the candidate for US Senate. So think about this. This is a, a US Senate seat. It's an open seat in Michigan. For a lot of people who don't know, like, people who hold this seat, they hold it for 30 years. I mean, it's been a long time since we had an open seat in Michigan like this that was just ready for the taking. And you've got, um, Mike Rogers on the Republican side. You have Hailey Stevens and Mallory McMorrow and Abdul El-Sayed that are kind of battling it out for the primary, in the primary on the Democrat side. Abdul has a really pretty radical background. He's got Hassan Piker in the state campaigning with him. And you talked about Mamdani, he went to New York to campaign for Mamdani. He is fully socialist. He's very proud of being socialist. He's got kind of a weird background. He came out of medical school, decided not to become a doctor. Instead, he was like this fresh out of medical school student, and they plucked him up and said, this guy who has no life experience yet should run the department, the health department in the largest county in the state. So Wayne County in Michigan, he ran the health department. He's been kind of groomed as this political guy for many years. He ran for governor in '18. He lost against Whitmer. Now he's back running for Senate. The Wayne County Health Department has the worst outcomes in the entire state. And that's the bizarre thing to me is like, this guy is a failure at everything he does, and yet the Democrats will lift him up. And now socialism and communism, I would say, is full force here in the state of Michigan. But he's popular. He is like Momdani. He's like this tiny little socialist that jumps around and dances. And people see him as like this pint-sized cute guy that is— has a lot of character. And he really does do these little weird elf dances. And he makes these videos where he's like the Blues Clues guy, which if a Republican did this, you would be seen as a fool. But I don't know if it's because he's so tiny that people are like, oh, it's cute, it's funny. But this is what we're up against. And he's hard to go up against, I'll give him that.

[27:13] **Speaker B:** Tell me about the, the governor's race. Is that shaping up? You've got on the Democrat side, Jocelyn Benson, Chris Swanson. On the Republican side, Mike Cox and John James.

[27:24] **Speaker D:** Yes. So you have on the Democrat side, we had an interesting dynamic where we had the mayor of Detroit that was in as an independent, and there was kind of gonna be a battle of Jocelyn Benson and the mayor of Detroit. And ultimately he decided to step out of the race, which I assume he was, you know, threatened with something and the Democrats got him out. So now he's out of the race. So the independent had really been like this, okay, we know as Republicans we can win with a Democrat independent in the race. I believe on the Democrat side, Jocelyn Benson takes it for sure. She's the Secretary of State right now. Remember, most corrupt Secretary of State in the history of this state. State, and certainly probably also in the country. The RNC sued her, I think it was a total of 8 times for things that she had done that were outside of the law in the 2020 and 2022 elections. She lost 6 of those lawsuits. So she had to change how she was running elections for '24, which I believe is how the president was able to actually win the state of Michigan again, because she had to run the elections by the letter of the law, whereas she had bent the rules quite a bit in the 2020 and '22 elections. It is scary to think that here she is, like Katie Hobbs in Arizona, running her own election for governor. She is as radical as Gretchen Whitmer is. This is— we're talking about someone who is 10 times worse. On the Republican side, we have Perry Johnson, Mike Cox, and John James. John just received the president's endorsement last week, so it looks really good for John James right now. It's interesting, though, the president generally endorses a little bit later in the race. So I was talking to people today and they were like, hey, because the president endorsed early, we think that the other candidates could still rise and get past that. I think usually most candidates want to get that endorsement later in the race. So it's kind of like once he puts the stamp on it, nobody can kind of come around it. So it'll be interesting to watch if people are able to surpass John, but I think John's, John's definitely got it right now.

[29:31] **Speaker B:** You mentioned Gretchen Whitmer, your old buddy. Um, yes, yes. Your, your old pal. Is she definitely running for president in your mind? Are you seeing any early indicators beyond just the speculation of pundits? But, you know, uh, exploratory committee fundraisers, all that kind of stuff for her. Where, where is she on that?

[29:52] **Speaker D:** So she has a great approval rating. She would be a fabulous person, I, for on paper for the Democrats. I'm sure they're looking at her and saying she's one of the most popular Democrats in the country. And she's been incredibly smart about how she got to that point. She rarely talks to the media. She puts out press releases that make her look great. She every so often puts out a video saying all of these things that she's accomplished. None of that is actually true, but it sounds incredibly good. And so she's done a great job of kind of hiding the mess very well, but she's not very good when she actually has to talk. She's somewhat of a Kamala Harris. So I do think that there's gonna be a group of Democrats who will look at her and say, does she have the political chops herself to go and face the country in the way that Kamala Harris was not able to? She was up at a conference in Mackinac Island a few weeks ago and someone went up to her and said, one of the reporters asked her, would she run for president? She said, no, you know, I don't think that's on my radar. And then lo and behold, a staff member comes out and tries cleaning that up. And two more articles come out saying, well, she's not saying never. Please don't think that her saying no meant she's saying never. She's still looking at '28. So I think she'll look at it. I don't think she'll get very far. I think the person in Michigan that is really wanting it is Elissa Slotkin. And I think she's interesting right now because she just came out and kind of called for new leadership in Washington. She is not down with the socialist candidates. I think Abdul is scaring her that in her own state, she may have another senator that is radical and changing the party. As we see some of these Democrats kind of fight back and say, hey, why wasn't anybody paying attention? Why didn't anybody know that the party was going so far left? It'll be fascinating to see how that affects Michigan. We make Democrats famous because we're a swing state. So people see what they're doing. Elissa Slotkin wants to be— she's never giving up. She wants to be in that next phase of the Democrat Party. She wants to be at least a VP, I would say. So I think she's gonna be out there very vocal about reining things back toward the moderate side and not allowing this socialist party to take a, take a strong grip on the Democrat Party.

[32:18] **Speaker B:** We are speaking to Tudor Dixon. Got a great podcast, Tudor Dixon, uh, podcast, which you should go check out. Part of the Klan Buck Network. Catch up on it over the weekend if you haven't, uh, caught up with it this week already. Tell me about your conversation with Newt Gingrich about the SAVE Act and how we can defy the historical norm in this midterm, which tends to be the party in power loses seats.

[32:42] **Speaker C:** Yeah.

[32:42] **Speaker D:** Well, I think he, you know, he's watching it and he's like, we always, we talked about the filibuster and he was like, you have to understand, we always kind of set it up so that it would be harder to get things through the Senate. And that's how the founding fathers thought of it. They wanted certain legislation to be hard to pass. So it was kind, I, I tried to kind of nail him down on, would you get rid of the filibuster? And He sort of goes back and forth on why it's important to have the Senate have— keep that role. But obviously, you know, he's concerned about the fact that he went through this, the situation in California, and he pointed out, I mean, this is obviously not valid voting. They are obvious— what we saw Jocelyn Benson, what I was just talking about Jocelyn Benson doing in 2020 and 2022, that was not legal in the state of Michigan, just to be clear. But in the state of California, we know that they've actually been able to change their laws to allow this ballot harvesting, to allow ballots to go to every household. That it shouldn't— we should not be allowing that. And I believe it, that the states— we believe in states' rights. The states control elections. It is frustrating when you see that certain states have decided to essentially break the law, go against their own constitutions, do things that we know are putting our elections at risk because they know they have large enough populations to change the outcome in a presidential election. I think it's a big concern. It certainly was a big concern to Newt. I mean, the socialism part of this, to hear him talk about that, and I think you need to tune in to hear him talk about exactly how dangerous that is and what he sees happening if this continues. For someone who had been in such a powerful position for so long and loves the country the way he does, and not only loves the country today, but is a great historian. To go back to the things like he talks about Margaret Thatcher and her fight against socialism. I mean, we're there now and we have to have people that are willing to stand up. You know, I was talking in the break with your producer about this Promise to America pledge that these 13 Democrats came out and signed. That's a pretty big deal to see Democrats in the middle of a midterm against Donald Trump, when we know that that's all they care about, the Democrat Party is like anything but Trump. We've gotta win. We have to win the midterms. We have to stop him. For 13 Democrats to stand up and say, hey, we're gonna sign a Promise to America pledge that says we're into strong borders, capitalism, and safety, no crime. That is a real kick in the teeth to the party. It's splitting it up. I believe that Newt is, is looking at this like, when were, when will these people stand up? Just today we're hearing that they are standing up. That'll play out very interesting in the next few weeks in the midterms, I think.

[35:42] **Speaker B:** Tudor, some fun stuff because I'm not sure we'll get to talk to you before the 250th. What are you planning? Are you doing a big barbecue out on one of those Michigan lakes or something? What have you got? What do you got in store with the family?

[35:53] **Speaker D:** So we have this, We have this absolutely phenomenal little fireworks display in our town. One of the local country clubs does this fireworks display that might as well be like the town has it. It's huge. We have a small gathering of people, but it is so fun. They do all kinds of games and face painting. My girls are like getting too old to do all of that stuff. I feel like this is one of the last years. My oldest is graduating this coming year. It's terrifying to me.

[36:23] **Speaker B:** High school or college?

[36:25] **Speaker D:** High school. High school.

[36:26] **Speaker B:** High school.

[36:26] **Speaker D:** Please don't age me more. It's high school. But I, but it still feels like these are those last moments with her. And I think it's so cool that we get to do the 250th this way. So I'm, I'm very excited about next week. Just so happens that one of the people in our office has a birthday on the 4th of July. So it's a huge celebration for all of us here.

[36:48] **Speaker B:** Tutor Dixon, go check out the podcast, everybody. Tutor, have a great 250th. Thanks for hanging out.

[36:53] **Speaker D:** Thanks, you too.

[36:55] **Speaker B:** One of our nation's best attributes is our sense of entrepreneurship, the freedom to try your hand in business, benefiting from a free market economy open to new ideas. It's a beautiful thing. If you're a business owner taking advantage of this opportunity, are you carrying the right kind of business insurance to preserve all you're working for? One way to know for sure is to check with our friends at Super Shore. Insurance claims, coverage gaps, employee questions— there are a lot of issues that come up in the course of a year. Super Shore is a newer company in the business of helping owners and financial officers with their business. Their goal is to make it easier to understand your business insurance and offer year-round resources. Super Shore is licensed in every state for your business insurance and employee benefits. So if you have more than 25 employees, you're the owner, CFO, or HR manager, Super Shore can give you that year-round support you need. Super Shore also has a fine print facts tool that translates your current policy into English so you can see what's covered and what's not, plus a business value calculator so you can estimate what your business is worth and what needs protecting. Go to supershore.com/buck to see why growing businesses are moving beyond traditional brokers. That's supershore.com/buck, paid for by Super Shore Insurance Agency, LLC, a licensed insurance agency.

[38:14] **Speaker C:** This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

[38:24] **Speaker A:** Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history.

[38:34] **Speaker C:** It's more than just fireworks.

[38:35] **Speaker A:** Join this landmark celebration and get your America's block party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA.

[38:45] **Speaker D:** Hi, it's Karen and Georgia from My Favorite Murder.

[38:47] **Speaker A:** We cruised around LA in the Hyundai Ioniq 5 and dove into the fascinating life of actress and inventor Hedy Lamarr.

[38:53] **Speaker D:** Want the full story? Take a listen.

[38:55] **Speaker A:** Hedy, she starts dating Howard Hughes, the aviation tycoon. Do you know a lot about him?

[39:00] **Speaker D:** I mean, I watched The Aviator, so I know everything Leonardo DiCaprio has allowed me to know about him. But incredible innovator. Right.

[39:08] **Speaker A:** She says he's a, quote, "very strange man." Oh. But they do get along really well.

[39:12] **Speaker D:** Give us examples.

[39:13] **Speaker A:** I know. They do get along intellectually. Hmm. And in fact, she helps him design a faster plane. She takes a look at what he's designed. It's got these square wings, and she's like, "That doesn't make sense." And so she finds the fastest bird and the fastest fish and sketches out a drawing of, like, what the two would look like as a plane. And that becomes the plane that we know today. And he calls her a genius. Check out our new episode spotlighting groundbreaking innovators like Hedy Lamarr and Billie Jean King, presented by the Hyundai Ioniq 5. Goodbye!

[39:46] **Speaker B:** Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week.

[39:50] **Speaker E:** You got it coming! This is total nonstop action!

[39:54] **Speaker B:** TNA Thursday Night Impact, every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, Visit TNAWrestling.com.

[40:01] **Speaker C:** Your 2 AM questions are nobody's business. Not the symptoms you're scared to tell your doctor. Not the money worries. Not the things you'd rather keep private. Right now, companies are using what you look up online to track, target, and make a fortune off your secrets. Startpage keeps your curiosity private. It's the private search engine that helps you find what you need without the spying and without the noise. Nobody in your business, No saved search history. Try Startpage at startpage.com. That's startpage.com. Some moments in history change the coins we carry. In 2026, America marks 250 years as a nation, and for one year only, the Semi-Quincentennial Coin and Medal Program from the United States Mint honors this milestone with new designs on official U.S. coins. Discover the full coin and metal collection at usmint.gov/semiq. That's usmint.gov/semiq.

[41:01] **Speaker B:** Closing up shop for the weekend here on Clay and Buck. Like I said, the Clam Buck Podcast Network, a great place to go. And also YouTube of Clay and Buck, by the way. You can watch the video of this and, uh, you can weigh in on Clay and Buck's hairstyles. Which some of you are like, who cares? I would think, who cares? But people seem to do that. They tell me either to get a haircut or they don't like my haircut. That generally seems to be the, the people who weigh in. I guess it's like a restaurant, you know, people either love it or hate it. You don't hear about the in-between or the I don't care. But go to the YouTube channel, Clambuck YouTube, please subscribe. And let's get to some of your thoughts here. Podcast listener Bob from Tacoma, Washington. H Hit it. Hey Buck, where did you get all that data? That was really good stuff.

[41:50] **Speaker E:** Thank you.

[41:52] **Speaker B:** Um, first of all, I'm glad you appreciate the data. Um, and you can put— look, I'm a big believer in AI for research purposes. Um, that's really one of the places where it shines. I use Grok instead of Google now. And if you had asked me even 5 years ago, are you ever going to be able to stop using Google? I was like, It's such a habit. Google this, Google— I use Grok instead. Pretty remarkable when you think about how— and I'm not the only one, because I don't need to be served ads and sponsored stuff and all this other crap. I just want answers. And I find Grok— I do, I think, Super Grok. So I actually pay for like the best possible Grok. And I can say, give me the stats, adjust this for, you know, you have to, you have to ask it a pretty specific question and get specific data back. But I had gone through and said, look at the CPI, tell me this, tell me what they've compared to 1970. And I pulled all the data together. And for anyone who says, oh, well, how can you trust AI? Grok just showed— it cites all this, and usually it's, you know, Bureau of Labor Statistics, and it, it has all the citations there for you. So yeah, that's, uh, that's how I was able to pull all that data together. I'm glad you appreciated that though. But I just want you to remember all of that. On the one hand, because we should be grateful for where we are in America, especially going to 250. On the other hand, things are actually prosperous, and it is when things are prosperous that things can get crazy. You know what I'm saying? That's, it's a little counterintuitive, but it's true. Uh, let's see. VIP email from Ray. Most rent-controlled apartments in NY don't have AC unless the renter buys one and puts it in the window, raising their electricity bill. Um, yeah, Ray, I don't know if that's accurate broadly or not. I do know that is often the case. Me just tell you, right now there are fights breaking out in stores in Paris because it's so hot and people are so sick of being so hot. And they have AC technology in Europe, they just think they're too sophisticated for air conditioning. They think it's like some fat American cheeseburger-eating indulgence. And about 50,000 to 60,000 Europeans die every year from heat-related illness, usually a heart attack, but sometimes just heat exhaustion because they don't have AC. So be thankful for that, Gunner250. We don't sit around like, oh, because of the climate change and because of not being a fat American, we cannot have the air conditioning, so we drench in our pool of sweat. You don't need that, everybody. God bless air conditioning.

[44:37] **Speaker C:** This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.

[44:46] **Speaker A:** Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Forth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history.

[44:56] **Speaker C:** It's more than just fireworks.

[44:58] **Speaker A:** Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA.

[45:07] **Speaker D:** Hi, it's Karen and Georgia from My Favorite Murder.

[45:09] **Speaker A:** We cruised around LA in the Hyundai Ioniq 5 and dove into the fascinating life of actress and inventor Hedy Lamarr.

[45:15] **Speaker D:** Want the full story? Take a listen.

[45:18] **Speaker A:** She starts dating Howard Hughes. Hmm. And in fact, she helps him design a faster plane. So she finds the fastest bird and the fastest fish and sketches out a drawing of what the two would look like as a plane. And that becomes the plane that we know today. And he calls her a genius. Check out our new episode spotlighting groundbreaking innovators like Hedy Lamarr and Billie Jean King.

[45:40] **Speaker D:** Presented by the Hyundai Ioniq 5.

[45:43] **Speaker E:** Goodbye.

[45:44] **Speaker B:** Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity flowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total non-stop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here. Don't miss the action of TNA Thursday Night Impact. Every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNAWrestling.com.

[46:14] **Speaker C:** They track, they target. Prices can climb. Startpage is the private search engine that helps keep what you look up online from becoming a price tag. Try Startpage at Startpage.com. That's Startpage.com. Some moments in history change the coins we carry. In 2026, America marks 250 years as a nation. And for one year only, the Semi-Quincentennial Coin and Medal Program from the United States Mint honors this milestone with new designs on official U.S. coins. Discover the full coin and medal collection at usmint.gov/semiq. That's usmint.gov/semiq.
