# The Red-Green Alliance: The Hidden Threat Reshaping America

**Show:** The Scott Jennings Podcast
**Date Published:** 2026-06-01
**Date Found:** 2026-06-01
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-scott-jennings-podcast/the-red-green-alliance-the-hidden-threat-reshaping-america?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 71 minutes

## Summary

This 71-minute episode of The Scott Jennings Podcast mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Scott Jennings Podcast

## Key Moment

> "All right, welcome back to the program. I'm your guest host filling in for Scott Jennings, Jennifer Horn. I'll be back with you on Monday. Jennifer Horn will be with you on Tuesday, on Thursday, and Friday. I'm looking forward to hearing some of her coverage tomorrow because, man, I am paying attention. To what's happening in California. Now listen, I understand, uh, that, uh, people cheat in California. There's a horrible system there, the jungle primary, mail-in ballots all over the place. Uh, there is an article from just— not Just the News, there was, uh, who is it, who is the— I forget the name, of course I would. I forget the name of the gentleman's— or Judicial Watch. They came out with something. Let me see if I can find it on my phone and then if I can actually see it without my Glasses. All right, so Judicial Watch scrutinizes 873,000 inactive voter registrations in California. Guys, let me tell you something. Get out and vote for Spencer Pratt for mayor. Get out and vote for— I'm pulling for Steve Hilton, but I like Chad Bianco too. What he's been able to do with Riverside County and the way he fought back against the COVID lockdowns are admirable. So, so those are the two candidates obviously sparring for the gubernatorial position. In California. Uh, I'm of the vein that I would like to see Steve Hilton, uh, but I have no beef with Chad Bianco. But I'd love to see LA— Spencer Pratt take it in Los Angeles. Now, reading this from PJ Media, Judicial Watch scrutinizes 873 inactive voter registrations in California. And guys, if you don't know me by now, I'm a bit ADD, but I eventually will circle back to it. I believe all of this is wrapped up into what is The Red-Green Alliance. Red speaking of communism, green speaking of the Islamic advancement that is happening right here in the United States of America under our noses. It's important that we pay attention to that. Hello, Texas. It's happening there. It's happening all across the United States. It's happening in, it's happening in some of these mosques. I'm not going to say it's happening in all.. But we know that there are some radicals. I remember after 9/11 happened, a mosque that was right down the street from the church that I attended, literally, I found somehow or heard somehow some video or recording at the time of the imam there talking about, we deserve it. I'm talking about this thing was a few hundred feet down the street from us, right here in Central Florida. So sometimes, sometimes you don't know. I'm not trying to indict every Muslim. I'm not saying that every Muslim is an Islamist, but every Islamist is a Muslim. I mean, that's just the way that it is. Getting back to California, 873 inactive voter registrations in California. So the Watchdog Group Judicial Watch, hat tip, PJ Media says it has identified almost a million voter registrations in California that have been inactive for at least 3 federal election cycles. And argues they must be removed to ensure potential cheaters cannot use the names on fake ballots. I know what you're thinking, Carl, we can't win this thing, man. You better get out and vote. You better get out and vote. Let me tell you something. Even if Spencer Pratt doesn't win, God forbid, and I heard Larry O'Connor, I heard Jennifer Van Laar briefly this morning as I was able to tune in for a few minutes anyway, talking about they thought that the LA mayor's race, and I totally agree with them. I've been saying frankly the same thing on my podcast, The Carl Jackson Show, by the way, The Carl Jackson Show. So please check us out. You can find out the information on our Facebook page, on our X account, @CarlJacksonShow, @TheCarlJacksonShow. I believe that the LA mayor's race is even more important, believe it or not, just because it's a major city. Look at the effect that Mamdami is having in New York City. It's just straight up bullying the nanny of New York, Kathy Hochul, making her obedient, bringing her into submission. Straight up have AOC out there looking like a complete fool, acting like she's a powerful feminist, and then she's there, uh, then she's there bowing down to a bunch of Muslim men, essentially. I mean, it's absolutely insane, wearing a hijab. Everything that the left-wing woman portends to represent, AOC just spat in the face of that, wearing that hijab, looking like a straight-up clown. But still, now going back to LA, you gotta fight against these commies. You gotta fight against these commies. These commies, in my opinion, the AOCs, The Bernie Sanders, the Karen Basses of the world. These people can be commies. They can talk about communism like it's nothing because they've not really lived through it. They're elites in a sense. They're able to rise above it. They believe that they're gonna be in power, but what the Islamists wanna do, and I'll get into the Red-Green Alliance more so relatively quickly here, is they will chop them down to size too. So you got the commies. What's the other chick's name in LA, Mr. McConnell? Mithya Raman. All right, so Mithya Raman, all right, straight up a myth. All right, she's a commie too. So don't go out and vote for her. But these people are completely naive. I love the way Spencer Pratt came out and said, listen, man, if you go under the freeway, I forget which freeway overpass or whatever, he was like, you'll get stabbed in the neck by these people. They're straight up addicts. These commies think they know what to do. They don't know what to do. Even if Spencer Pratt loses, guys, I'm telling you, I'm in Central Florida. His campaign is resonating across the entire United States. More attention than ever— not than ever, but in a long time— is being brought to not just LA politics, California politics, where now people that didn't get it are like, what the heck is a jungle primary? How is it that they have all these mail-in ballots and people don't have to show ID? You got Judicial Watch reporting 873,000 ballots out there, or people out there that aren't even— not registered is the word that I'm looking for, but basically they haven't been participating on the voter rolls. What's going on? Eventually the ceiling will break. And we gotta keep pushing. It's what the left does. Republicans, we win sometimes, we lose sometimes, we lose, we get discouraged, and I get it. I get it. It's hard when you're fighting against commies, but you can't make the mistake of giving up the fight. And so I'm so impressed with what Spencer Pratt is doing because he's been able to focus it on LA and how the left is destroying that city. I remember Dennis Prager writing a column and talking about it when he was on air here, talking about how the left is destroying our major cities. Guys, if you can start turning these cities around, if you could turn one of these cities around and then you can show that that's a blueprint, other people in other cities, even if they're liberal, they'll look at it and they'll say, well, why can't we be like that? That's why I appreciate what Spencer Pryde is doing. It takes somebody like him to be able to step up to the plate. California gubernatorial race is the same thing. Steve Hilton has been running his campaign like a boss. I mean, Chappie Uncle has been doing a good job, obviously, too. I don't know where— listen, I don't believe the polls. Just go out and vote. Just go out and vote. The polls don't count. Votes count. That's what counts. So if nothing else, you're going to make people aware. I guarantee you, people that weren't paying attention to politics in Los Angeles, California have got the Spencer Pratt bug, and now they're like, man, This guy is speaking the truth, man. I love it, I love it, I love it. So people that weren't paying attention, truth is ringing through, and now they're like, oh man, okay, I, I gotta get active. That's what he brings to the table. God forbid, even if he does lose— but guys, if he loses, make sure it's close. Make sure it's close. But I hope he wins. I, I am praying for a miracle. He's counting on taking it home, uh, uh, tomorrow. But if he doesn't, let's hope that he's in the top 2. California, Los Angeles, make sure he's in the top 2, uh, so he can go all the way to the general election. I believe if he's in the top 2, he'll be the next mayor. That, that's my belief. I don't know, no evidence. I just believe that because Karen Bass will not be able to avoid him. The lefties will not be able to avoid him. They don't know what to do with him as is. This is a guy that's just saying your policies stink, Karen Bass. Look at the impact that it's having. Lying about homelessness, lying about the Palisades fires, talking about buying crackheads and super meth addicts and fentanyl heroin addicts new teeth as if those new teeth aren't gonna be rotted out within a week. I mean, just absolutely insane spending money, spending your money to do it, as if you're crazy and as whacked out as she is. You got to be gluttons for punishment. Going back to Iran, because you guys know that Iran, the PLO, these people are copying leftists. You guys know that, right? Hat tip, JCFA.org, Palestinian, Palestinianism, and the Red-Green Alliance. Similarities in the ideology and practice of Marxists and Islamists. Now, I'm not going to go through this really detailed. I just don't have the time and the time allotted because I still got to get to the riots in New Jersey. Got to get to Graham Plattner. Got to break down Tallarico. I got to give it to Mr. McConnell. I got to give it to Mr. McConnell in my ear. Lou's got my back, by the way, at AM950, The Answer Orlando, TheAnswerOrlando.com. I believe Rick Lowkey Rick Lokey is out there as well. So I appreciate, appreciate you, Daniel West, helping out here. And also Greg, Greg, thank you so much. Scott Jennings, producer, contacting me this morning, getting on top of things. I appreciate you being out there. But getting back to this Red-Green Alliance, guys, here's what both the left and Islamists want. They're kind of one in the same, but the Islamists believe that they're going to be the top dog. That's why I believe in— think about Iran. Think about Iran as the, as the, you guys know what, if you're in Florida and I'm sure, you know, in California, I vaguely remember them in California. But in Florida, we have like ant mounds like crazy. We have fire ants. You step in one of those bad boys, you are gonna get tore up from the flow up. They will tear you up. They will bite you. One of the ways to get rid of the mounds out here is literally to kill the queen. Essentially, you destroy Iran, you destroy the queen. Let me say that again. If you destroy Iran— and I'm talking about the IRGC, I'm not talking about the people. Ah, the people of Iran, they're just like all the other Middle Easterners. No, they're not. I encourage you to go online, go on my Instagram page, @CarlJacksonShow, @TheCarlJackson. There's one of them. Go on there. I've posted video of old Iran before the Ayatollah took over. I mean, it's just a different world. But the things that the Islamists and the Communists have to do, they have to do— listen to me— alike. They're one and the same. There can be no freedom of religion. Why? Because it's either going to be jihad, it's either going to be Allah is your God, or it's going to be the state is your God. They're one and the same. They're comparable. Both similarities: the oppression of the people, The communists must oppress the people and there can be absolutely no dissent. Don't fall for Mamdani, people. He's gonna turn on you. This is Carl Jackson in for Scott Jennings. More on the other side."
> — Speaker C at 18:40
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [18:40] Speaker C: "All right, welcome back to the program. I'm your guest host filling in for Scott Jennings, Jennifer Horn. I'll be back with you on Monday. Jennifer Horn will be with you on Tuesday, on Thursday, and Friday. I'm looking forward to hearing some of her coverage tomorrow because, man, I am paying attention. To what's happening in California. Now listen, I understand, uh, that, uh, people cheat in California. There's a horrible system there, the jungle primary, mail-in ballots all over the place. Uh, there is an article from just— not Just the News, there was, uh, who is it, who is the— I forget the name, of course I would. I forget the name of the gentleman's— or Judicial Watch. They came out with something. Let me see if I can find it on my phone and then if I can actually see it without my Glasses. All right, so Judicial Watch scrutinizes 873,000 inactive voter registrations in California. Guys, let me tell you something. Get out and vote for Spencer Pratt for mayor. Get out and vote for— I'm pulling for Steve Hilton, but I like Chad Bianco too. What he's been able to do with Riverside County and the way he fought back against the COVID lockdowns are admirable. So, so those are the two candidates obviously sparring for the gubernatorial position. In California. Uh, I'm of the vein that I would like to see Steve Hilton, uh, but I have no beef with Chad Bianco. But I'd love to see LA— Spencer Pratt take it in Los Angeles. Now, reading this from PJ Media, Judicial Watch scrutinizes 873 inactive voter registrations in California. And guys, if you don't know me by now, I'm a bit ADD, but I eventually will circle back to it. I believe all of this is wrapped up into what is The Red-Green Alliance. Red speaking of communism, green speaking of the Islamic advancement that is happening right here in the United States of America under our noses. It's important that we pay attention to that. Hello, Texas. It's happening there. It's happening all across the United States. It's happening in, it's happening in some of these mosques. I'm not going to say it's happening in all.. But we know that there are some radicals. I remember after 9/11 happened, a mosque that was right down the street from the church that I attended, literally, I found somehow or heard somehow some video or recording at the time of the imam there talking about, we deserve it. I'm talking about this thing was a few hundred feet down the street from us, right here in Central Florida. So sometimes, sometimes you don't know. I'm not trying to indict every Muslim. I'm not saying that every Muslim is an Islamist, but every Islamist is a Muslim. I mean, that's just the way that it is. Getting back to California, 873 inactive voter registrations in California. So the Watchdog Group Judicial Watch, hat tip, PJ Media says it has identified almost a million voter registrations in California that have been inactive for at least 3 federal election cycles. And argues they must be removed to ensure potential cheaters cannot use the names on fake ballots. I know what you're thinking, Carl, we can't win this thing, man. You better get out and vote. You better get out and vote. Let me tell you something. Even if Spencer Pratt doesn't win, God forbid, and I heard Larry O'Connor, I heard Jennifer Van Laar briefly this morning as I was able to tune in for a few minutes anyway, talking about they thought that the LA mayor's race, and I totally agree with them. I've been saying frankly the same thing on my podcast, The Carl Jackson Show, by the way, The Carl Jackson Show. So please check us out. You can find out the information on our Facebook page, on our X account, @CarlJacksonShow, @TheCarlJacksonShow. I believe that the LA mayor's race is even more important, believe it or not, just because it's a major city. Look at the effect that Mamdami is having in New York City. It's just straight up bullying the nanny of New York, Kathy Hochul, making her obedient, bringing her into submission. Straight up have AOC out there looking like a complete fool, acting like she's a powerful feminist, and then she's there, uh, then she's there bowing down to a bunch of Muslim men, essentially. I mean, it's absolutely insane, wearing a hijab. Everything that the left-wing woman portends to represent, AOC just spat in the face of that, wearing that hijab, looking like a straight-up clown. But still, now going back to LA, you gotta fight against these commies. You gotta fight against these commies. These commies, in my opinion, the AOCs, The Bernie Sanders, the Karen Basses of the world. These people can be commies. They can talk about communism like it's nothing because they've not really lived through it. They're elites in a sense. They're able to rise above it. They believe that they're gonna be in power, but what the Islamists wanna do, and I'll get into the Red-Green Alliance more so relatively quickly here, is they will chop them down to size too. So you got the commies. What's the other chick's name in LA, Mr. McConnell? Mithya Raman. All right, so Mithya Raman, all right, straight up a myth. All right, she's a commie too. So don't go out and vote for her. But these people are completely naive. I love the way Spencer Pratt came out and said, listen, man, if you go under the freeway, I forget which freeway overpass or whatever, he was like, you'll get stabbed in the neck by these people. They're straight up addicts. These commies think they know what to do. They don't know what to do. Even if Spencer Pratt loses, guys, I'm telling you, I'm in Central Florida. His campaign is resonating across the entire United States. More attention than ever— not than ever, but in a long time— is being brought to not just LA politics, California politics, where now people that didn't get it are like, what the heck is a jungle primary? How is it that they have all these mail-in ballots and people don't have to show ID? You got Judicial Watch reporting 873,000 ballots out there, or people out there that aren't even— not registered is the word that I'm looking for, but basically they haven't been participating on the voter rolls. What's going on? Eventually the ceiling will break. And we gotta keep pushing. It's what the left does. Republicans, we win sometimes, we lose sometimes, we lose, we get discouraged, and I get it. I get it. It's hard when you're fighting against commies, but you can't make the mistake of giving up the fight. And so I'm so impressed with what Spencer Pratt is doing because he's been able to focus it on LA and how the left is destroying that city. I remember Dennis Prager writing a column and talking about it when he was on air here, talking about how the left is destroying our major cities. Guys, if you can start turning these cities around, if you could turn one of these cities around and then you can show that that's a blueprint, other people in other cities, even if they're liberal, they'll look at it and they'll say, well, why can't we be like that? That's why I appreciate what Spencer Pryde is doing. It takes somebody like him to be able to step up to the plate. California gubernatorial race is the same thing. Steve Hilton has been running his campaign like a boss. I mean, Chappie Uncle has been doing a good job, obviously, too. I don't know where— listen, I don't believe the polls. Just go out and vote. Just go out and vote. The polls don't count. Votes count. That's what counts. So if nothing else, you're going to make people aware. I guarantee you, people that weren't paying attention to politics in Los Angeles, California have got the Spencer Pratt bug, and now they're like, man, This guy is speaking the truth, man. I love it, I love it, I love it. So people that weren't paying attention, truth is ringing through, and now they're like, oh man, okay, I, I gotta get active. That's what he brings to the table. God forbid, even if he does lose— but guys, if he loses, make sure it's close. Make sure it's close. But I hope he wins. I, I am praying for a miracle. He's counting on taking it home, uh, uh, tomorrow. But if he doesn't, let's hope that he's in the top 2. California, Los Angeles, make sure he's in the top 2, uh, so he can go all the way to the general election. I believe if he's in the top 2, he'll be the next mayor. That, that's my belief. I don't know, no evidence. I just believe that because Karen Bass will not be able to avoid him. The lefties will not be able to avoid him. They don't know what to do with him as is. This is a guy that's just saying your policies stink, Karen Bass. Look at the impact that it's having. Lying about homelessness, lying about the Palisades fires, talking about buying crackheads and super meth addicts and fentanyl heroin addicts new teeth as if those new teeth aren't gonna be rotted out within a week. I mean, just absolutely insane spending money, spending your money to do it, as if you're crazy and as whacked out as she is. You got to be gluttons for punishment. Going back to Iran, because you guys know that Iran, the PLO, these people are copying leftists. You guys know that, right? Hat tip, JCFA.org, Palestinian, Palestinianism, and the Red-Green Alliance. Similarities in the ideology and practice of Marxists and Islamists. Now, I'm not going to go through this really detailed. I just don't have the time and the time allotted because I still got to get to the riots in New Jersey. Got to get to Graham Plattner. Got to break down Tallarico. I got to give it to Mr. McConnell. I got to give it to Mr. McConnell in my ear. Lou's got my back, by the way, at AM950, The Answer Orlando, TheAnswerOrlando.com. I believe Rick Lowkey Rick Lokey is out there as well. So I appreciate, appreciate you, Daniel West, helping out here. And also Greg, Greg, thank you so much. Scott Jennings, producer, contacting me this morning, getting on top of things. I appreciate you being out there. But getting back to this Red-Green Alliance, guys, here's what both the left and Islamists want. They're kind of one in the same, but the Islamists believe that they're going to be the top dog. That's why I believe in— think about Iran. Think about Iran as the, as the, you guys know what, if you're in Florida and I'm sure, you know, in California, I vaguely remember them in California. But in Florida, we have like ant mounds like crazy. We have fire ants. You step in one of those bad boys, you are gonna get tore up from the flow up. They will tear you up. They will bite you. One of the ways to get rid of the mounds out here is literally to kill the queen. Essentially, you destroy Iran, you destroy the queen. Let me say that again. If you destroy Iran— and I'm talking about the IRGC, I'm not talking about the people. Ah, the people of Iran, they're just like all the other Middle Easterners. No, they're not. I encourage you to go online, go on my Instagram page, @CarlJacksonShow, @TheCarlJackson. There's one of them. Go on there. I've posted video of old Iran before the Ayatollah took over. I mean, it's just a different world. But the things that the Islamists and the Communists have to do, they have to do— listen to me— alike. They're one and the same. There can be no freedom of religion. Why? Because it's either going to be jihad, it's either going to be Allah is your God, or it's going to be the state is your God. They're one and the same. They're comparable. Both similarities: the oppression of the people, The communists must oppress the people and there can be absolutely no dissent. Don't fall for Mamdani, people. He's gonna turn on you. This is Carl Jackson in for Scott Jennings. More on the other side."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Most people don't realize how much of their personal information is bought and sold daily. Data brokers make billions pulling your details from public records, then selling it without your consent, landing it with scammers and stalkers. It's why you get endless robocalls and hyper-targeted ads. That's where Aura comes in. Aura actively removes your data from broker sites and keeps it off, instantly alerting you if your information appears in a breach or on the dark web. Aura goes beyond data protection. With one app, you get a VPN, antivirus, password manager, spam protection, and up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, all backed by 24/7 US-based fraud support. Competitors charge the same price for just one of these services. Aura gives you all of it together. Start your free trial at aura.com/safe. Protect yourself now at aura.com/safe. That's aura.com/safe.

[00:59] **Speaker B:** The voice of free speech, the truth delivered, common sense for the American people. Welcome to the Scott Jennings Show.

[01:13] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome to the Scott Jennings Show. I'm your guest host sitting in today. My name is Carl Jackson. You can follow me online, all things social media, at Carl Jackson Show. At the Carl Jackson Show is where you can go to find me. We're going to be talking about so many things that's absolutely insane. Insane, but I'm honored to be here. I want to thank Scott Jenningsfield Boys for allowing me to sit in, uh, behind— or behind Scott's microphone. So it's an honor and a privilege. I love the way that Scott Jennings eviscerates those lefties, those little commies on the Marxist network known as CNN. It's important to have people like him that have a voice out there. So we're going to be getting into the California races. Obviously you have the gubernatorial primary, you have the LA mayor's race as well. I'm going to be talking about that. I'm going to be talking about the latest with, uh, what's happening with Iran. Obviously, uh, there's been some issues, uh, right, uh, from the day. So there's some breaking news regarding that. We'll get into that as well. I'm going to be talking to you about a bigger, uh, view, if you will, a bigger worldview that I want everybody to hopefully pay attention to. That is the Red-Green Alliance. And the Islamification of the Democrat Party. Also, when it comes to Graham Plattner, obviously there's a lot of controversy out there with him today. Democrats are trying their darndest to kick him out of the race. I'm praying that he will hold on because I think that Susan Collins can beat him, and apparently so do Democrats. So they are trying their darndest to unleash all the dirt on this guy that they knew all along. They knew this all along, in my opinion, including the latest where this guy is on the Kik app. God knows what he was searching for, what age of people he was searching for, but he's wrapped in a towel, cleverly covers up his little Nazi tattoo, if you will. But there's some other tattoos that identify Grant Plattner for who he is. His wife is out there making— sadly, this is so crazy to me. But his wife is out there trying to protect him. The left is going nuts over the fact that he sent his wife out there. But all of this is hysterics. They really don't care because they knew about this. The whistleblower, we'll get into that a little later, told them that Graham Plattner was a complete and utter scumbag, the nepo baby Nazi pervert, uh, the guy that, uh, said that Chris Kyle was out there, the American sniper, was out there just picking off innocent civilians, the guy that mocked another war hero. That protected his platoon by running away from his platoon in order to draw fire from the Taliban. You had this guy saying that this guy was basically, and I'm paraphrasing, a moron that should have been killed. You have Graham Plattner out there talking about how when he goes into a little porta-potty, then he smells that blue dye or whatever that stuff is in the porta-potty, then he's got to relieve himself. And not in the way in which you're thinking. So those are the type of people that the Democrat Party are bringing into the party. Also, we got to talk about, uh, Tallarico. Some people call him low-testosterone, uh, Tallarico. I want to break this down because James Tallarico is nothing more than Abigail Spanberger in a pantsuit. Uh, that's who he is. Joe Biden is out there causing a ruckus. The Biden's simply won't go away. I'm so happy for this. I don't think her book is going to sell much, but I want Joe Biden in the media as much as possible, uh, because Kamala Harris is out there trying to sniff the presidency of 2028. Um, honestly, I, I got to give her credit. I didn't think people would even think about Kamala Harris after 2024, but apparently amongst Democrats, she's the leading candidate, at least for now. But with Joe Biden out there, and the reminder that the Biden administration and the staffers there put us through absolute hell. I'm so glad that Joe Biden is out there. So I want Tallarico, I want Tallarico front and center. I want Graham Plattner front and center. I want Joe Biden more front and center because I do believe that the Republican Party during this midterms, guys, I'm not gonna get off and I'm not gonna make any crazy wild predictions. But the midterms have gotten a lot more complicated., for the Democrat Party to win. Despite the fact that we are having issues, if you will, with the Strait of Hormuz, despite the fact that we are having some issues in the Middle East, I think things will be taken care of. Let me tell you quickly what victory in my opinion means, and then, um, after the break, because we won't have time, I'll give you some of the latest as it, as it relates to Iran. But here's what victory looks like. I heard I think it was Jim Hanson, James Hanson, military expert. Forgive me if I said your name wrong, but I saw him on Fox and he mentioned a few things that would mean defeat for the Islamic regime. And that is no uranium, no ballistic, no missiles, no proxies. I'm saying ballistic missiles or ICBMs, you know, intercontinental ballistic missiles. But I would go further. Obviously, you have to have the open strait, the Strait of Hormuz open. Obviously, you would have to have no IRGC. I think that's how you determine victory. This ceasefire is not going to hold. President Trump has done his darndest to make it happen, but things are going a little bit haywire today, and that's because we're not dealing with civilized people. And what I'm going to try to do in today's show on the Scott Jennings Show is kind of— and I'm sure Scott has talked about this, but I want to dive in just a little bit and talk about the Red-Green Alliance, whether it's Mamdani and you got AOC wearing that hijab in New York City in front of all of those Muslim men. You've got Mayor Mamdani just totally not attending the Israel Day Parade yesterday in New York City. All the leaders have done this. Even Letitia James was there. The nanny of New York, Kathy Hochul, was there. Bill de Blasio, to his credit, would go to this parade. And this is extremely important simply because obviously New York City being such a diverse, an ethnically diverse city, it's important to attend all these things because frankly, everybody's an American. I don't care if you're Christian, Jewish, Muslim, whatever you may be. If you're an American citizen, you're an American. And as long as you don't try to undermine and subvert the Constitution of the United States going into this, to 250th year celebration, or in this 250th year celebration, I have no problem with you. The problem that we have with the mayor, Mondoni, in New York City is that this guy is not just a commie. I think people— and I talked about this, I talked about this before, I mentioned this on air before quite some time ago. I can't even remember who I was filling in for at the time, but I mentioned it on my podcast as well. Please subscribe, like, and share, by the way. The Carl Jackson Show. That is The Carl Jackson Show. YouTube, Spotify, Salem Podcast Network, wherever you go to get your podcast. Also all things social media at Carl Jackson Show, at The Carl Jackson Show, X, Instagram, and Facebook. But I talked about this red-green alliance, and guys, all of this, all of this stuff, I'm telling you, none of these stories exist in a vacuum. All of these things work together. Where we're talking about Graham Plattner, where we're— whether we're talking about low testosterone Tallarico, allegedly straight Tallarico, whether we're talking about him. And I'm gonna dive in deep into him because I do believe, even though I'm gonna cover Graham Plattner, but I do believe this is the type of candidate that Republicans need to watch out for. And they have to go no holds barred on this guy. They have to totally eviscerate this guy. But the Mam Danis, the AOCs, The commies, the Islamists, Mamdani happens to be an Islamist, taking advantage, if you will, of the useful idiots that are AOC, that are Bernie Sanders. Yes, believe it or not, as dumb as Mamdani is, I think he's smarter than AOC. I think he's smarter than Bernie Sanders. And there's a red-green alliance occurring in the United States of America. It also ties in what's happening in Iran. All of these things are intertwined. Don't get it twisted. You got people out there claiming to be America first. We can't be in Iran. We can't be in Iran. It has nothing to do with America. It has everything to do with America. That's why President Trump, in my opinion, like I said, I think he's got to finish the job in Iran. But if he does, I believe he'll go down as the best or one of the best foreign policy presidents ever. But it is crucial that Iran is destroyed. It is crucial that the people in Iran are free. It's crucial. That there are no proxies. Thank God Israel's taken out Hezbollah in Lebanon. We'll give you some news there. Pretty amazing, amazing stuff happening there. But all of this stuff is intertwined. Do not get it twisted for a minute, for a second. This Red-Green Alliance is coming after you if you're an American citizen, if you're in the West, and we're going to defeat it. This is Carl Jackson in for the great Scott Jennings.

[10:49] **Speaker D:** Hey, it's Scott Jennings. You know, when you think about nutrition, do you share my view that nutrition seems like it's getting way too complicated? I read the labels at the store and I'm like, why is this so hard? Now, I have been trying to be more mindful of what I eat and how I supplement. And honestly, it makes sense to just simply start with nature. When you eat whole foods, you're getting what are called phytonutrients. These are natural compounds that your body uses to adjust, repair, and respond every single day. Now, Balance of Nature takes real fruits and vegetables and they run them through this tailored vacuum cold process that stabilizes that phytonutrition. They have a whole health system that bundles fruits and veggies and fiber and spice, and all of this gives you 47 whole food ingredients and their phytonutrients in one simple routine. They make it easy. Their new freeze-dried snacks go through a similar process so you can snack and still feel good about it. Whole food phytonutrition plus Balance of Nature helps you fight the good fight. See what we did there? Save over 30% when you subscribe at balanceofnature.com. Go to balanceofnature.com and get 10% off fruits and veggies supplements when you use discount code Scott.

[12:16] **Speaker B:** The voice of reason, common sense for the American people. This is the Scott Jennings Show.

[12:24] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome back to the Scott Jennings Show. I'm your guest host, Carl Jackson, sitting in, uh, for Scott Jennings. Such an honor and a pleasure again. It's always fun to watch him on CNN, or at least to watch him online. I'm not going to sit here and lie to you. I watch him on X eviscerate the left. And so anyway, that's why the left can't stand him. They want to get rid of him, but they can't. He's a major voice on the right, and we're so thankful for him. And I'm so thankful to be behind his microphone today. It is absolutely fun. Okay, we got to talk about the Red-Green Alliance. We're going to tie these stories together. Again, we gotta talk about what's happening with Iran. The latest being basically Iran is out when it comes to ceasefire talks. They apparently want nothing to do with it at this point. Iran ends talks over Israeli strikes in Lebanon, they say. And this is what's happening. So President Trump has been choking them out with this naval blockade, if you will. And it's a matter of time. Listen, I would personally— I would personally have preferred that there were never a ceasefire. But I understand President Trump and some of his staff wanting to go that extra mile to try and achieve diplomatic ends. The only issue that I have with that is that you're dealing with Islamists and these people have a clear worldview. These people are revolutionaries. They believe in bringing in their Messiah, the 12th Mahdi, and they do it by way of violence. This is what they believe. They believe that America is the big Satan. They believe that Israel is the little Satan. They also believe in a practice taught in the Hadith known as taqiyya, which they can lie to you to achieve their objective ends. And that's exactly what I believe is happening in Iran. But I think President Trump has given them every opportunity possible. Obviously, there's a lot of normies out there that are concerned about the price of gas, concerned about the price of oil. This is going to have long-term implications, I believe. Listen, we're already reeling from some of the pain, or at least some people are, as a result of this conflict. And so therefore, I figure let's get it done as much as we possibly can. People are already complaining about this, so to speak. But I think this is best for the United States in the long run. I don't think President Trump should leave this to another president because frankly, I'm not convinced that another president will do it. And I don't want to deal with this through another presidency. I don't want to take the chance that we get a left-wing radical in the office again or a puppet like we had in Joe Biden. And then they just let Iran run amok. And I don't want to see the people of Iran continue to suffer. Here's the latest. Hat tip, Just the News. The Islamic Republic of Iran has suspended negotiations with the US today amid the ongoing US naval blockade of Iranian ports and Israeli strikes against the terror group Hezbollah in Lebanon, an ally of Tehran. Now, why would these people be concerned, the IRGC be concerned with Hezbollah because obviously it's their proxy. Obviously they have no intention whatsoever in backing off the fight to destroy the little Satan or the big Satan. All right, so President Trump and his administration have absolutely leveled, killed, destroyed a couple levels of the regime, but the people that remain, the so-called hardliners, which frankly all of them are hardliners, are the IRGC. You literally have the president— where is it at in my formerly fingerprinted fingertips— that tried to resign. I believe Hugh Hewitt spoke about this or wrote about it. Iran International reported that the Iranian president, Massoud— I'm going to butcher this name— uh, Pahlavi submitted his letter of resignation, while Iranian sources denied the reports as nonsense. The report has the ring of truth, but then again, The president hasn't said a word about it. Around— this is Iran International. Iranian President Massoud has submitted an official letter of resignation to the office of the Supreme Leader, who I'm not even convinced is alive. A source familiar with the matter told Iran International, in the letter sent on Sunday, uh, Pesechkian stressed that the president and the government have effectively been excluded from major and vital decision-making processes in the country, and that the vacuum created by this situation has enabled hardline factions within the IRGC to take control of affairs, according to the source. Pozeshkian added that under such circumstances, he is unable to run the government and carry out his legal responsibilities, and for that reason has requested to step down immediately. It is not yet clear whether, uh, Mo— uh, Tabakamenei will accept the president's resignation but the contents of the letter point to a deep and unprecedented rift at the highest levels of power. In other words, the IRGC is running the show. This president is saying, Trump, please don't kill me. It's these fools that are causing our problems. I'm out, homie. That's what he's trying to say. We'll be back with more on the other side. Carl Jackson in for Scott Jennings.

[17:59] **Speaker D:** Who answers America's call call for more energy? Well, people do, and Chevron is helping fuel national energy security. Their U.S. production has increased by nearly 60% in the past 3 years, and with plans to invest over $10 billion in U.S. energy projects this year, they're helping boost economies, create better jobs, and build an America powered by America's own energy. Learn more about what Chevron's people do at chevron.com.

[18:31] **Speaker B:** .com/america. Saving Western civilization one busted leftist narrative at a time. It's the Scott Jennings Show.

[18:40] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome back to the program. I'm your guest host filling in for Scott Jennings, Jennifer Horn. I'll be back with you on Monday. Jennifer Horn will be with you on Tuesday, on Thursday, and Friday. I'm looking forward to hearing some of her coverage tomorrow because, man, I am paying attention. To what's happening in California. Now listen, I understand, uh, that, uh, people cheat in California. There's a horrible system there, the jungle primary, mail-in ballots all over the place. Uh, there is an article from just— not Just the News, there was, uh, who is it, who is the— I forget the name, of course I would. I forget the name of the gentleman's— or Judicial Watch. They came out with something. Let me see if I can find it on my phone and then if I can actually see it without my Glasses. All right, so Judicial Watch scrutinizes 873,000 inactive voter registrations in California. Guys, let me tell you something. Get out and vote for Spencer Pratt for mayor. Get out and vote for— I'm pulling for Steve Hilton, but I like Chad Bianco too. What he's been able to do with Riverside County and the way he fought back against the COVID lockdowns are admirable. So, so those are the two candidates obviously sparring for the gubernatorial position. In California. Uh, I'm of the vein that I would like to see Steve Hilton, uh, but I have no beef with Chad Bianco. But I'd love to see LA— Spencer Pratt take it in Los Angeles. Now, reading this from PJ Media, Judicial Watch scrutinizes 873 inactive voter registrations in California. And guys, if you don't know me by now, I'm a bit ADD, but I eventually will circle back to it. I believe all of this is wrapped up into what is The Red-Green Alliance. Red speaking of communism, green speaking of the Islamic advancement that is happening right here in the United States of America under our noses. It's important that we pay attention to that. Hello, Texas. It's happening there. It's happening all across the United States. It's happening in, it's happening in some of these mosques. I'm not going to say it's happening in all.. But we know that there are some radicals. I remember after 9/11 happened, a mosque that was right down the street from the church that I attended, literally, I found somehow or heard somehow some video or recording at the time of the imam there talking about, we deserve it. I'm talking about this thing was a few hundred feet down the street from us, right here in Central Florida. So sometimes, sometimes you don't know. I'm not trying to indict every Muslim. I'm not saying that every Muslim is an Islamist, but every Islamist is a Muslim. I mean, that's just the way that it is. Getting back to California, 873 inactive voter registrations in California. So the Watchdog Group Judicial Watch, hat tip, PJ Media says it has identified almost a million voter registrations in California that have been inactive for at least 3 federal election cycles. And argues they must be removed to ensure potential cheaters cannot use the names on fake ballots. I know what you're thinking, Carl, we can't win this thing, man. You better get out and vote. You better get out and vote. Let me tell you something. Even if Spencer Pratt doesn't win, God forbid, and I heard Larry O'Connor, I heard Jennifer Van Laar briefly this morning as I was able to tune in for a few minutes anyway, talking about they thought that the LA mayor's race, and I totally agree with them. I've been saying frankly the same thing on my podcast, The Carl Jackson Show, by the way, The Carl Jackson Show. So please check us out. You can find out the information on our Facebook page, on our X account, @CarlJacksonShow, @TheCarlJacksonShow. I believe that the LA mayor's race is even more important, believe it or not, just because it's a major city. Look at the effect that Mamdami is having in New York City. It's just straight up bullying the nanny of New York, Kathy Hochul, making her obedient, bringing her into submission. Straight up have AOC out there looking like a complete fool, acting like she's a powerful feminist, and then she's there, uh, then she's there bowing down to a bunch of Muslim men, essentially. I mean, it's absolutely insane, wearing a hijab. Everything that the left-wing woman portends to represent, AOC just spat in the face of that, wearing that hijab, looking like a straight-up clown. But still, now going back to LA, you gotta fight against these commies. You gotta fight against these commies. These commies, in my opinion, the AOCs, The Bernie Sanders, the Karen Basses of the world. These people can be commies. They can talk about communism like it's nothing because they've not really lived through it. They're elites in a sense. They're able to rise above it. They believe that they're gonna be in power, but what the Islamists wanna do, and I'll get into the Red-Green Alliance more so relatively quickly here, is they will chop them down to size too. So you got the commies. What's the other chick's name in LA, Mr. McConnell? Mithya Raman. All right, so Mithya Raman, all right, straight up a myth. All right, she's a commie too. So don't go out and vote for her. But these people are completely naive. I love the way Spencer Pratt came out and said, listen, man, if you go under the freeway, I forget which freeway overpass or whatever, he was like, you'll get stabbed in the neck by these people. They're straight up addicts. These commies think they know what to do. They don't know what to do. Even if Spencer Pratt loses, guys, I'm telling you, I'm in Central Florida. His campaign is resonating across the entire United States. More attention than ever— not than ever, but in a long time— is being brought to not just LA politics, California politics, where now people that didn't get it are like, what the heck is a jungle primary? How is it that they have all these mail-in ballots and people don't have to show ID? You got Judicial Watch reporting 873,000 ballots out there, or people out there that aren't even— not registered is the word that I'm looking for, but basically they haven't been participating on the voter rolls. What's going on? Eventually the ceiling will break. And we gotta keep pushing. It's what the left does. Republicans, we win sometimes, we lose sometimes, we lose, we get discouraged, and I get it. I get it. It's hard when you're fighting against commies, but you can't make the mistake of giving up the fight. And so I'm so impressed with what Spencer Pratt is doing because he's been able to focus it on LA and how the left is destroying that city. I remember Dennis Prager writing a column and talking about it when he was on air here, talking about how the left is destroying our major cities. Guys, if you can start turning these cities around, if you could turn one of these cities around and then you can show that that's a blueprint, other people in other cities, even if they're liberal, they'll look at it and they'll say, well, why can't we be like that? That's why I appreciate what Spencer Pryde is doing. It takes somebody like him to be able to step up to the plate. California gubernatorial race is the same thing. Steve Hilton has been running his campaign like a boss. I mean, Chappie Uncle has been doing a good job, obviously, too. I don't know where— listen, I don't believe the polls. Just go out and vote. Just go out and vote. The polls don't count. Votes count. That's what counts. So if nothing else, you're going to make people aware. I guarantee you, people that weren't paying attention to politics in Los Angeles, California have got the Spencer Pratt bug, and now they're like, man, This guy is speaking the truth, man. I love it, I love it, I love it. So people that weren't paying attention, truth is ringing through, and now they're like, oh man, okay, I, I gotta get active. That's what he brings to the table. God forbid, even if he does lose— but guys, if he loses, make sure it's close. Make sure it's close. But I hope he wins. I, I am praying for a miracle. He's counting on taking it home, uh, uh, tomorrow. But if he doesn't, let's hope that he's in the top 2. California, Los Angeles, make sure he's in the top 2, uh, so he can go all the way to the general election. I believe if he's in the top 2, he'll be the next mayor. That, that's my belief. I don't know, no evidence. I just believe that because Karen Bass will not be able to avoid him. The lefties will not be able to avoid him. They don't know what to do with him as is. This is a guy that's just saying your policies stink, Karen Bass. Look at the impact that it's having. Lying about homelessness, lying about the Palisades fires, talking about buying crackheads and super meth addicts and fentanyl heroin addicts new teeth as if those new teeth aren't gonna be rotted out within a week. I mean, just absolutely insane spending money, spending your money to do it, as if you're crazy and as whacked out as she is. You got to be gluttons for punishment. Going back to Iran, because you guys know that Iran, the PLO, these people are copying leftists. You guys know that, right? Hat tip, JCFA.org, Palestinian, Palestinianism, and the Red-Green Alliance. Similarities in the ideology and practice of Marxists and Islamists. Now, I'm not going to go through this really detailed. I just don't have the time and the time allotted because I still got to get to the riots in New Jersey. Got to get to Graham Plattner. Got to break down Tallarico. I got to give it to Mr. McConnell. I got to give it to Mr. McConnell in my ear. Lou's got my back, by the way, at AM950, The Answer Orlando, TheAnswerOrlando.com. I believe Rick Lowkey Rick Lokey is out there as well. So I appreciate, appreciate you, Daniel West, helping out here. And also Greg, Greg, thank you so much. Scott Jennings, producer, contacting me this morning, getting on top of things. I appreciate you being out there. But getting back to this Red-Green Alliance, guys, here's what both the left and Islamists want. They're kind of one in the same, but the Islamists believe that they're going to be the top dog. That's why I believe in— think about Iran. Think about Iran as the, as the, you guys know what, if you're in Florida and I'm sure, you know, in California, I vaguely remember them in California. But in Florida, we have like ant mounds like crazy. We have fire ants. You step in one of those bad boys, you are gonna get tore up from the flow up. They will tear you up. They will bite you. One of the ways to get rid of the mounds out here is literally to kill the queen. Essentially, you destroy Iran, you destroy the queen. Let me say that again. If you destroy Iran— and I'm talking about the IRGC, I'm not talking about the people. Ah, the people of Iran, they're just like all the other Middle Easterners. No, they're not. I encourage you to go online, go on my Instagram page, @CarlJacksonShow, @TheCarlJackson. There's one of them. Go on there. I've posted video of old Iran before the Ayatollah took over. I mean, it's just a different world. But the things that the Islamists and the Communists have to do, they have to do— listen to me— alike. They're one and the same. There can be no freedom of religion. Why? Because it's either going to be jihad, it's either going to be Allah is your God, or it's going to be the state is your God. They're one and the same. They're comparable. Both similarities: the oppression of the people, The communists must oppress the people and there can be absolutely no dissent. Don't fall for Mamdani, people. He's gonna turn on you. This is Carl Jackson in for Scott Jennings. More on the other side.

[31:16] **Speaker B:** Straight talk without the bluster. When you positively need the truth, this is where you come. The Scott Jennings Show.

[31:25] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome back to The Scott Jennings Show. Common sense for the American people. Love that, love that, love that. We're talking about the Red-Green Alliance, and I'm tying it into all of the major headlines of today, whether we're talking about what's happening in Iran, whether we're talking about the— I just reposted on my X account. Apparently, there's a crackdown that is occurring. The White House has just put this out. New York or anywhere in America, the message doesn't change. @ICEgov operations will not be deterred. Riot, obstruct, or assault an officer, and you will be arrested and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. I love that. But all of these stories are intertwined. We'll get into, uh, we'll get into, uh, Graham Plattner and the latest on him. The Democrat Party, after trying to find a man that sounded like a tough guy, are now trying to sink his campaign because the dirt continues to war out on this guy by Democrats, by the way. Democrats tried to threaten a whistleblower. It did not work. Now, Graham Plattner is out there having to defend himself, having to defend himself. I mean, the Nazi nepo baby, the anti-Nazi party wanted to hire a Nazi. I mean, it is absolutely laughable. But this is what we're dealing with. And that proves to you that these people just want power over you, which is why this Red-Green Alliance is so important. Real quick, before I get back to the Red-Green Alliance, I told you before we went to the break, there are some similarities, whether it's communism, whether there is Islam, whether it's Islamism. They have some traits that are comparable. They have some traits that are similar. And Islam's goal is to win the day. That's why when I say when it comes to Iran, The victory there is no uranium, no missiles, no proxies, no IRGC, and obviously open the Strait of Hormuz, even though some of these Gulf states are working to kind of do a go-around, if you will, the Strait of Hormuz, where eventually it will be irrelevant. Obviously, we're digging, we're drilling, baby drilling, if you will, for more oil here. Unfortunately, it's traded on a, on, on the global market, on the commodities market. And so, uh, it's a little tougher right now to get prices down. But, uh, with Iran being so crazy, uh, right now, uh, it— I don't believe this is going to bode well for them whatsoever. And, um, and so now they're saying, hey, they're, they're not going to negotiate with the United States of America. They don't want— want what's— they don't like what's happening in Lebanon. And what you see is The Israeli government is dismantling Hezbollah, uh, and they can't take that. You have this other story from Breitbart: US strikes Iran military sites as Kuwait hit by drone and missile fire. So the US bombed radar and drone sites across Iran over the weekend after Tehran brought down an American MQ-1 drone. Hat tip to Breitbart. Iran further claimed a strike of its own as Kuwait reported drawing incoming fire. The U.S. Military Central Command said it carried out strikes in Iran on Saturday and Sunday around the city of Garuk and on Keshem Island. The measure— and I'm quoting Central Command— the measured and deliberate strikes occurred in response to aggressive Iranian actions that included the shootdown of a U.S. MQ-1 drone that was operating over international waters. A U.S. Central Command goes on to say U.S. fighter aircraft swiftly responded by eliminating Iranian air defenses, a ground control station, and two one-way attack drones that posted clear threats to ships transitioning regional waters. It really sounds like these people, these Islamists, want a ceasefire, but they don't. Here's some of— some more of the traits when it comes to these people. Again, the left, uh, and the com— or the communists and the Islamists similarities. Again, no freedom of religion, the oppression of the people. It'll come for all of you people that love these commies. Like, you see these rioters in New York. I'll get into that more extensively in the in the next hour along with Graham Plattner and James Talarico, the Abigail Spannsburger with a pantsuit. Although Mr. McConnell made a great point, kind of looks like Elizabeth Warren. All right, so that was pretty good, I got to give it to him. All right, so listen, more similarities. Global left radicals, uh, those are the reds. All right, the Islamists, those are the greens. Again, they hold different beliefs, but they exhibit similarities. We talked about some of them. Both feature also uncompromising and enforced dogmas, and both believe that their religious or political solutions will solve humanity's historical ills. So the communists, because they don't go to church, all the commies believe that they can solve, uh, humanity's ills. All you have to do is give them more power. The same is true with the Islamists. They want to solve, uh, the West's Eels, you just got to give them more power. We can't do it. We can't do it. All right, welcome back to the Scott Jennings Show. I'm not Scott Jennings, but I'm so thankful to be in for him. My name is Carl Jackson. You can follow me online, all things social media, at Carl Jackson Show, at The Carl Jackson Show. Also, please like, share, and subscribe to my podcast, The Carl Jackson Show. That is The Carl Jackson Show. We're on YouTube. We stream live on Tuesdays and Thursdays evening. So you can get the information online on X or on Facebook, uh, but we stream live on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Every once in a while I'll do an odd interview and we'll go live, uh, sometimes people can't meet that evening shift, so, uh, we'll accommodate when we can, uh, as well. But we post that, but you can catch us every Tuesday and Thursday evening. So please, uh, check us out, The Carl Jackson Show. That is The Carl Jackson Show. Wherever you go to get your podcast. We would certainly appreciate that. We're talking about the Red-Green Alliance. I'm tying that into the things that we see happening in the headlines, whether we're talking about Graham Plattner, whether we're talking about Tallarico, whether we're talking about the, uh, the, uh, New Jersey riots at the ICE facility with the— they— we gotta— I can't stand the fact that the left is so good at framing and narratives. They call these guys Antifa. They should be anti-law. Uh, they're straight up anarchists what they are, some commies. We know that Nick Sorter, I mean, was able to basically invade their space, if you will, and get some undercover video. These people are being funded by the— I forget that guy's name— Singham, the Soros of the world. But anyway, some left-wing radicals, some communists that are funding these people that are trying to tear the system down. And that's why I say every fight we've got to be in when it comes to what's happening in Los Angeles I know it's an uphill battle. I know fighting, I know the gubernatorial race is an uphill battle, but I do believe that these are races that we can win, or at the very least, more people start to pay attention and they see, okay, we can do something if more of us get involved. Judicial Watch, again, finding 873 voters that essentially aren't voting and haven't voted in the last, I believe, 3 election cycles. 4 election cycles, some as long as 5 election cycles. So that means that those people are no longer active voters. They either moved, some have passed away. Um, and so Judicial Watch is getting— working to get them off of the voter rolls. That makes it harder and harder for Democrats to cheat. Obviously, with the border closed, that makes it harder to cheat as well. Oh, and by the way, let me just share this tidbit with you. I, I was researching this I'm going to do a podcast on it, but I got to do some more research. But I was just going back and just thinking like, where did this— I remember the overwhelming, the border crisis beginning under Obama, and I blamed him. But actually it was leftists that were exploiting parts of border policy to actually make Obama cave because I'm like, this guy talked like he was tough on the border. And then the last couple of years of his administration, we saw those illegal aliens on the top of— a lot of people forget this. On the top of trains and whatnot. Just absolutely crazy. But it actually, it wasn't Obama, it was leftist activists, commie activists that were pressing the limits even with his administration. So eventually I'm going to try to, trying to, trying to get a guest on that has written about this extensively on my podcast. So you guys stay tuned for that. Again, make sure you like, share, and subscribe. We're talking about the Red-Green Alliance. I got to go quickly here. Because I only got an hour left and time is already flying. I want to talk about what's happening, uh, with Joe Biden, a little more of what's happening with the New Jersey police. But I told you the similarities between, uh, communism, Islamism. I'm not going to go through as much as I thought I'd be able to get to today because the time is just flying. But again, no freedom of religion, oppression of people, no dissent. Both Islamism, communism, both believe that their religious or political solutions solve humanity's historical ills. Um, the common enemy is the West. So socialists, uh, the socialists believe the West is exploitative, exploitative, oppressive, inequitable, and, uh, hegemonic. The Islamists believe the West corrupts traditional morals. Yeah, uh, the guys that, uh, do certain things with, uh, with little boys. But anyway, Islamists believe the West corrupts traditional morals. We're overly focused on materialism and wish to dominate them. Say that to your women out there, Islamists. Aggressive practices of revolution and resistance are common to left radicals and Islamists. Now, if you've ever seen videos of ISIS, if you've ever seen video of 10/7 that the left tries to sweep under the rug, pretend like it's never happened, we know how brutal Islamist regimes can be. All right, but what about, what about the left? What about their revolution? What about their resistance? We're seeing parts of that in New Jersey right now. These Antifa clowns have been around for quite some time. I really think it's time to call out the National Guard. I think it's time to jail every single person complicit that are funding them. You've got the Mickey Sherrills of the world, the governor of New Jersey. That's a complete and utter clown in my opinion, capitulating to this nonsense. Until Mark Wayne Mullins of the Department of Homeland Security put the chokehold on her by saying, listen, if you do not enforce the law, if the New Jersey police do not get involved in enforcing the law inside of your state, then you know that customs portion of the airport? Yeah, you're not gonna have it. Now, Mark Wayne Mullins said when he first got in that this is something that he was gonna do. I haven't seen him use that up until now, at least the threat of it. I say do it if need be. Probably don't want to do it before the elections because, you know, God forbid a lot of people are stranded in airports or, you know, whatever. It could be a bad look. So maybe that's why. But anyway, he's threatening it, and I know they will use it if they need to. But anyway, it was enough for Mickey Sherrill to say, okay, I cave, I cave. What I can't stand about the commies like Mickey Sherrill— yeah, let's not get it twisted, people. These people aren't Democratic socialists. There's no such thing. They're not Socialists, they don't want to just take more of your tax money. They want to completely rule you. Saying that anarchists literally attacking cops, attacking their horses— are you freaking kidding me? Oh, I can't stand when people hurt animals. Attacking their horses are protests is absolutely insane. And now she's capitulating. But this is a problem with these white liberal females, the Abigail Spanbergers, the Mickey Sherrills of the world. And essentially they don't realize it, But they've even been captured by the more radical communists in their movement. So they're going to do everything they can to capitulate until they get the squeeze, until they're threatened that they may lose some sort of power, which is the only reason she capitulated. And now law enforcement in New Jersey is working with the Department of Homeland Security to get the curfew under control, to get some of these anti— Antifa rioters arrested. And some of them have been arrested. Dozens of them have been arrested. I hope they throw the book at them. I hope these fools don't see the light of day for decades. Honestly, this nonsense has to stop. This is where— this is a revolution. This is how Islamism and communism are the same. Both movements also exploit the poor and the marginalized of their societies to mobilize armed struggle. All right, so the Islamists— the Islamists— how do you get Islamists and the, like, the IRGC. You radicalize the young men. You talk about the West, what the— how the West is trying to destroy you, how the West is an existential threat, how Israel is an existential threat. You get these young men and ladies even to— you weaponize them because they're so naive, so many of them, low IQ, so many of them. But you just, you, you, you just have this— you built this anger and this frustration You blame their plight on Israel. You blame their plight on American society and you weaponize these people. And that's exactly what's happening both in Islam and also with communism inside of the United States of America. Real quickly, I didn't intend to talk about this, but I will. You have this, this Jackson Dart of the New York Giants. I know Scott Jennings has already talked about this. I just wanna make mention of it. And the wannabe Colin Kaepernick, what he doesn't realize is there aren't gonna be any more Colin Kapernicks. People are sick of this nonsense. It's amazing to me that if you're a black liberal, you can call out the white dude. But if you happen to be a white dude, you can't call out the guy that's clueless because he's black. He's a Muslim, he's clueless. Abdul Qaadi is clueless. He doesn't know domestic policy. He doesn't know foreign policy. All he knows is Trump is a racist. Because just like Islam, you have to convince the dummies that the West is against you.

[46:32] **Speaker B:** You wanna drive a leftist crazy? Tell the truth and keep smiling. This is the Scott Jennings Show.

[46:40] **Speaker C:** Okay, so just real quick, the Washington Post is speculating that maybe some justices, Supreme Court justices, are eyeing leaving the bench, or at least they're hoping so. They believe that some conservatives are out there auditioning for replacement roles. They say Justice Samuel Alito, obviously he's 76 now, and they say he's widely seen as the justice most likely to step down after this Supreme Court term ends in about a month. I'm torn on that because I love what Alito is doing. Molly Hemingway's got a new book out with— out on him. Whereas Justice Clarence Thomas is more of a conservatarian libertarian, Justice Samuel Alito has been taking on some of the tough stuff when it comes to religious freedom. And whether you're a secularist, atheist, it doesn't matter when it comes to our Constitution of the United States of America. It is so crucial. It is so crucial that we believe in a higher power and that that's embedded within our ethos, hence our Judeo-Christian value system. Because if man rules, then you get Islamists or you get communism, and that is not what you want. Uh, Daniel was actually making a great point too. Thank you, Daniel. You've got the commies in California, uh, you've got the World Cup, uh, that it's making its way there. So obviously this is another thing, man. LA, LA used to be, oh man, just, just the place that everybody wanted to go to. I remember when I first moved to, uh, Central Florida, to the Orlando area, uh, and I used to talk about, you know, California, I was from Los Angeles and stuff like that. You used to just say that to girls and they would be like, oh my God, you're from LA. I won't even mention— I don't even mention it anymore. That's how much LA has fallen off the map. All right, quickly, I got a lot to get to. Again, Carl Jackson in for Scott Jennings. Thank you so much, Scott. Thank you, Phil Boyce. Lou's got my back here at AM950 The Answer. Uh, you got Mr. McConnell, uh, Sean McConnell, that is in my ear. Daniel West have been out I don't know if Rick Lokey is there, uh, uh, if Rick Lokey is there or not. Okay, so we have Rick Lokey helping out as well. We also have Scott Jennings producer Greg helping out. So Greg, appreciate you being out there. And of course, those of you that are in the listening audience, really appreciate it. Uh, I won't be able to go in as deeply as I wanted to when it comes to the Red-Green Alliance, but I think you get the gist of it. There are striking similarities between Islamism and communism. And I, I break this down a little bit more on a podcast, so please check it out. The Islamification of the Democrat Party, The Carl Jackson Show. The Carl Jackson Show is where you can go, uh, to find it. But there are some striking similarities, including history where the PLO literally copied, uh, literally copied what they were witnessing in the Marxist movement and applied that to Islamism. All right, so that's why there's so many similarities, uh, between the two, and we're seeing this take place. All right, so a couple things that I want to get to. I'll play some short clips. Uh, Mickey Sherrill, real quick, if we could go to clip number 2. I'm gonna go through some of these, uh, relatively quickly. We'll get to Graham Plattner, we'll get to Tallarico, but if we could play cut number 2, por favor, Mr. McConnell.

[50:08] **Speaker E:** As the situation intensified, additional support was needed. Because of their good, fast work, arrests were limited to 3 people. Let me be clear: violent, chaotic clashes hurt everyone. They put the lives of both protesters and law enforcement in danger. They take the focus away from people inside Delaney Hall and their families, and they raise the temperature with ICE. I will ensure public safety, and I refuse to give ICE an excuse to surge into our communities. That would make the situation more dangerous and put more New Jerseyans at risk. It's time to bring the temperature down.

[50:48] **Speaker C:** Okay, so, uh, she doesn't want to give ICE an excuse to come into New Jersey, uh, basically. What a fool. I mean, what a fool. This lady, if some of the illegals inside of that ICE facility, some of the violent ones, were able to get a hold of her, man, what they would do to her. These people are absolutely clueless. It's almost as if The conservative movement has to protect them from themselves. And that's essentially what we're doing when we're voting for conservatives, when we're voting for Republicans, when we're voting for MAGA candidates. We're conserving this nation's Judeo-Christian heritage. We're conserving the Constitution, and we're frankly saving the left from themselves. That was completely idiotic, but that's Mickey Sherrill. Again, a communist herself, in my opinion, but she's captured by the identity politics in her movement. Can't speak ill of illegals, can't speak ill of any minorities. And sadly, so many of these white women and gay men are running shop in the Democrat Party. Speaking of gay men, I'll get to Tallarico. No, no, no, no, I'm not saying, but I will get to Tallarico. I gotta get to Tallarico. I gotta get to Graham Plattner. What a disgusting and despicable human being. But he's the left's guy until he wasn't. Now they're trying to throw him under the bus. The Nazi nepo baby they're trying to throw under the bus, but they really wanted him. So let's introduce you to him.

[52:23] **Speaker B:** Fighting the left with the best weapon we have, common sense. This is the Scott Jennings Show.

[52:31] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome back to the program. I'm your guest host, Carl Jackson, sitting in for the great Scott Jennings today. All right, let's, uh, get to Graham Plattner here. Uh, as a matter of fact, guys, if we could go to cut number 3, uh, this is Senator Kim on Graham Plattner. Uh, and I got some news on Ro Khanna. What a disgrace, Ro Khanna. This guy pretended to try and be a sensible moderate Democrat, but they all capitulate to the radical left. But cut number 3, por favor, guys, cut number 3.

[53:04] **Speaker E:** Do you have concerns about Graham Plattner?

[53:05] **Speaker F:** For me, like, I have not met him. I've never talked to him yet. But what I do hear from people in New Jersey, around the country, is that they don't trust this US Senate right now led by the Republicans. As we are about to go back into session this coming week,. And what they are pushing on is, you know, $60 to $70 billion more for ICE, for CBP, for immigration. They want that stopped.

[53:31] **Speaker E:** So do what it takes to elect Democrats regardless of—

[53:35] **Speaker F:** from my standpoint, you know, I will work with whoever, uh, the people of Maine elect, but I hope that they elect somebody that is going to stand up to this president.

[53:46] **Speaker C:** Okay, uh, so this guy Senator Kim will work with whomever Maine elects as long as he stands up to Trump. So it doesn't matter if a guy like Graham Plattner is on a platform known as Kik, where primarily older men, 70% or so, are looking for, uh, younger people, let's say. Uh, there was a photograph of him, uh, on Kik. It was obviously him, all of his tattoos adorned. He, uh, he, he tried to hide the, uh, Nazi tattoo, uh, that he had stamped on his chest. Don't believe for a minute— this guy is a military history buff— don't believe for a minute he didn't know what symbol represented. Those were the soldiers, the Nazi soldiers, uh, that were on, uh, that were in those concentration camps. That was their symbol. He knew exactly what it was. He knew exactly what it was. And the left did not want to throw him under the bus because you know why? They need men. They need men in the Democrat Party because they don't have real men, uh, at least in the political leadership leading the party. They were getting tired I'm getting their butts kicked by MAGA-type candidates that seem manly, people that actually want to eat meat, people that actually love guns, people that actually love 4x4s, men that actually love America, men that actually love women. They're like, enough of that. We gotta try to copy that. So they bring in a guy like a Graham Plattner. They throw what's her name, Mills, to the side. And this guy is a complete and utter disaster beyond the Nazi tattoo that even Elizabeth Warren came out and defended him. Oh, you know, people are younger. I forget what she said exactly. You know, stupid mistakes. He's apologized for that. Then remove the tattoo and renounce everything that he's— renounce everything that he said. The guy has come out and said he's a communist, essentially. So I don't get how he's renounced Nazism. He's completely an anti-Semite, just like AOC. Just like Mam Donnie. And now we're learning not only is this guy a nepo baby— oh, I'm an oyster farmer, I'm a fool— you're a nepo baby and everybody knows it. And that's probably why you're having the issues that you're having. Uh, things have been handed to you on a silver platter. So listen, I know the guy went to the military, I know he's a Marine, I don't question his service, but I do question sometimes How people will come out like the John Kerrys of the world and the Graham Platteners, and they will diss their fellow men, men that would die in the trenches with them. And it makes me wonder why they went there. It really does. It really does. And so I am curious about that. I do wonder about that. But this guy is full of standals. Hat tip, red state. Morris Katz, the supposed wunderkind behind Mam Danny's campaign is also the campaign strategist for Graham Plattner. At present, Katz has failed to live up to his title. Instead, he's doing cleanup on aisle 7 because he refused to strategize in order to get ahead of the self-inflicted landmines that have blown up all around his candidate. Red State reported the latest scandal involved Plattner sexting at least 12 women soon after he was married, and doing this through an app that is known, uh, a known association with pedophilia and sex trafficking. The latest revelations against Plattner were published this weekend in the Wall Street Journal. Genevieve McDonald, she's a former Plattner campaign aide who quit Plattner's racist and anti-Semitic, uh, uh, who, who quit after Plattner's racist and anti-Semitic Reddit posts were exposed, also did an exclusive with the New York Times confirming the veracity of the information published in the Wall Street article. Now, before I go on, this lady, Genevieve McDonald, said, I quit. She wanted to go on about her way. I'm not going to work with this guy. I want to— I don't want to be a part of his campaign. But his campaign kept pressing. Katz first took to social media, made it plain that whoever leaked the salacious text and corroborated the information deserved to be driven out of politics because they were incompetent, they were untrustworthy, and prioritized vengeance over decency. So let me get this straight, Senator Kim. Let me get this straight, Morris Katz. You got a guy, a nepo baby Nazi pervert that's on kick, that's saying Kyle— oh man, saying American Sniper literally went out and got higher numbers by killing Chris Kyle, excuse me, by killing just regular ordinary citizens or what have you. On the battlefield. You mocked the other war hero that literally saved his squadron by drawing fire to himself, saying that he should have been killed, basically calling him a moron, essentially. These are the people that the left is backing. These are the people that this guy Morris Katz, who's this wonderkind of some sort, is, uh, is saying, hey, this is This is our guy, and the people that stand against this Nazi nepo pervert who also dissed his troops, this is the type of guy that we need to protect. That lets you know who the Democrat Party really is, and I haven't even gotten to Tallarico yet. Here's what Genevieve McDonald had to say in this additional exclusive from Banger Daily News. If any indication, Katz should have taken a better look in the mirror. An advisor to Democratic US Senate candidate Graham Plattner warned a former aide she would be accused of lying and sabotage if she cooperated with the news outlets reporting on sexually explicit messages Plattner sent to women. So Morris Katz wanted to make sure that the pervert could stay in the closet. And he threatened a woman that he would come out against her. He delivered a warning through an intermediary, excuse me, I can't speak right now, to former state rep Genevieve McDonald, saying, who left the campaign last fall and spoke to the Wall Street Journal and New York Times. All right, and he said here, quote, just want to be clear on where we are right now. If the story goes in its current iteration, we'll communicate directly on the record and by name that Genevieve violated the personal trust of Amy and Graham and shared explicit falsehoods to sabotage the campaign. So he threatens her. And then Graham Plattner has his wife to come out and defend him. Listen, guys, there go I, but by the grace of God, not on kick. But I understand men. I understand men's sexual appetite. I get that. Not on kick. If you fall, having your wife to come out and defend you, that's almost as weird as Tallarico, perhaps even more weird than Tallarico. Uh, McDonough basically confirmed to the day, uh, to, to, to this banger Daily She wasn't gonna go any further and then this dude came out and threatened her and she was like, all right, I'm going for the gusto. I don't know what that says about her character either, quite frankly. But actually, I take that back. She came out, she left the campaign, she made it known why she was leaving the campaign and she threw out some dirt. So give her credit for having a little courage. So I take that back. I apologize about that. But again, I mean, I can go on and on and on. Nepo baby, Nazi. This is the Democrat Party. Pervert on Kik, putting, posting videos, posting pictures on Kik. The guy just wrapped in a towel. Kik predominantly serving an audience, I think, of like 13 to 24. It's only gotten to the point recently where 13-year-olds are not allowed on there, and you have to be allegedly 18 and up in order to get on the site. And this guy was on there showing off his body, if you will, to obviously, allegedly youngsters. There's gonna be more to come out about this guy. And so they're gonna constantly drip, drip, drip to get him out of the race. I hope he stays in the race because Democrats are getting exactly what they deserve in my estimation, in my opinion. Now, let me get on to James Talarico. Perhaps I will circle back to Plattner. Also, Joe Biden. There's some news out there. Joe Biden is absolutely eviscerating Kamala Harris. If I have time, I will get into that. If not, I will be back with you on Wednesday. Perhaps I will get into it then. But we know that news right now moves at the speed of Trump. So I may not get back to it, but you can catch it on my podcast because I surely will talk about it tomorrow evening. The Carl Jackson Show. We're live on YouTube. YouTube, Rumble, Facebook, X, wherever you go to get your podcasts, you can find me as well, The Carl Jackson Show. Like, share, and subscribe again, and follow me on all things social media, X, Instagram, and Facebook. Por favor. All right, AMAC.US, James Talarico on the myth of the moderate Democrat. Let me say this real quickly. There's no such thing as a moderate Democrat anymore. This gives me hope for the midterms, guys. I understand that we are running against history. I understand that during the midterms, listen, the party that is in power is probably going to lose the midterms, whether that be the Senate, whether that be the House, whether that be both. There's only been a couple of times where history has been bucked during the Bill Clinton administration. I forget the other time period, quite frankly, but it's only happened a couple of times. It's a very rare occasion. I believe that it can happen this time, and it's not that Republicans are doing great, even though I believe that Trump is doing good and fighting for America. It's that Democrats are so bad. I bring you James Talarico. All right, so after A.D. Paxton defeated incumbent Senator John Cornyn in the GOP primary, the left started going after him. You got this James Talarico being portrayed as this normal red-blooded dude who eats barbecue and was really opposed to the border invasion, and he has a girlfriend. I believe all of these are a lie. I believe all of them are a lie, in my humble opinion. So Tallarico is, listen, he's being pragmatic and that's smart. He has to appeal now to a statewide election as opposed to being a state senator. And obviously you don't have to appeal to as many voters, but this is turning out to be a disaster. I think Democrats are actually gonna rue the day when they got rid of Jasmine Crockett for James Talarico. I'll explain why on the other side. Carl Jackson in for Scott Jennings.

[65:07] **Speaker B:** Fighting for free speech and Western civilization. This is the Scott Jennings Show.

[65:14] **Speaker C:** Hey, just real quick, let me read you this headline from the Daily Wire. Don't have time to get into it, but Mayor Momdami says that one month isn't long enough to celebrate queer and trans New Yorkers. So he doesn't show up to the Israel Day Parade, but he's there on day one, right, for the LGBTQ barbecue community. Why is that? Because they're considered useful idiots. And I'm not saying, listen, this is what the left, this is what the Islamists consider you. They co-opt these communities. They anger these communities. They get them mad at the people that love freedom, in this case in America, conservatives, uh, Republicans. I would say libertarians, but a lot of libertarians, uh, like the Thomas Massies, have gone a little too far left for me. It's absolutely insane. But all right, so not one month for Memorial Day, right? Absolutely fascinating. We, we don't honor our troops for a month. We're going to honor the LGBTQ barbecue community. Actually, it's just lesbian and gay. I don't play beyond that. All right. So, and for the contributions that they've made to the United States, dude, having sex with the same sex isn't a contribution to the United States of America. If there are some accomplishments that any gay or a person has made, then so be it. I don't want to know what you're doing in your bedroom, and I certainly don't want it in my face. I don't want you talking about it in public. It's none of my business. I prefer it stay that way. Just absolutely insane. But it just lets you know, again, that's the red-green alliance. This guy is playing chess even though he's dumb. He's not as dumb as the Bernie Sanders of the world. He's not as dumb as the AOCs of the world. And he understands what the deal is. AOC wearing that hijab, that was a big deal. That was a big deal. All right, won't have time to get into Biden. Let me go back to Tallarico because Tallarico is an absolute disaster. I do horrible at predicting elections, so I've tried to stay away from it. But this is so tempting. I don't believe this guy wins. I understand that Paxton has some quote unquote baggage. I get it. I understand it. But you're asking the Texans to vote for a guy that is a complete and utter fake and a fraud that uses the Bible out of scripture in order to justify communist leanings. No, I don't think that's gonna work. I think as more comes out about him, just as Graham Plattner, I think this is gonna be— he's gonna destroy himself based upon his own words that he's trying to backtrack on, wisely so. But it's just not gonna work. I think it's too little too late. This guy is a Beto O'Rourke on— I don't know, this guy is Beto O'Rourke, if you will, on estrogen. He's already lost 3 races. The race with Ted Cruz, the senatorial race, what was that, 2018? That was close. So they thought Beto O'Rourke could give it another try. This guy ran for the presidency in 2020, lost badly, got beat badly in the 2020 gubernatorial race in Texas. But the problem is with Talarico, he's even worse. He's even worse than Beto. And again, people don't believe that there are moderates. This guy, we all know of the cringe-worthy photo op that this guy had. With napkins holding that. At first I thought it was a big rib or whatever, but apparently it was a turkey leg or something, just trying to play the role. People are tired of these politicians trying to play the role, much like Hillary Clinton having hot sauce in her bag. People are tired of it. So this guy is basically, I said, Abigail Spanberger. In a pantsuit. He's gonna try to do the same thing. He's not a red-blooded American. He hates America. He's a communist. He doesn't eat meat. He's a vegan. He may eat meat now because it's political expedient. He wants open borders. He said as much. I mean, he talks about abortion being something that the Bible promotes when the Bible is clear that God knows, count it, the hairs on your head. He knew you. He formed you in your mother's womb before you were even born. He gets abortion from that? Are you serious? The guy, it's amazing to me. Apparently he's a credentialed Presbyterian seminarian. He claims to be a Christian. Frankly, I don't think he's anything of the sort. He claims that God is none binary. He references the virus of whiteness, so he plays identity politics. God doesn't play identity politics, does he? He uses the verse in the Bible in Galatians when it talks about men and women, slave nor free, I mean, to try to justify his positions on God, and it's absolutely crazy. This guy is pro-abortion. Again, he's tried backtracking. It's not gonna work. Tallarico or Paxton is already pouncing this guy. He claimed that there are 6 biological sexes. Again, abortion is moral. Women are neighbors with uteruses. This guy isn't going to win, and I'm glad, I'm glad he's in the race. All right, I'll be back with you on Wednesday. Until next time, guys, don't grow weary, doing good. God bless you.

[70:52] **Speaker A:** Most people don't realize how much of their personal information is bought and sold daily. Data brokers make billions pulling your details from public records, then selling it without your consent, landing it with scammers and stalkers. It's why you get endless robocalls and hyper-targeted ads. That's where Aura comes in. Aura actively removes your data from broker sites and keeps it off, instantly alerting you if your information appears in a breach or on the dark web. Aura goes beyond data protection. With one app, you get a VPN, antivirus, password manager, spam protection, and up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, all backed by 24/7 US-based fraud support. Competitors charge the same price for just one of these services. Aura gives you all of it together. Start your free trial at aura.com/safe. Protect yourself now at aura.com/safe. That's aura.com/safe.
