# Ep.44 CA govt workers refuse to go back to the office; Pro-Algae Lefties; LAUSD shakeup

**Show:** Just Kira Davis on The Orange Report
**Date Published:** 2026-06-23
**Date Found:** 2026-06-23
**URL:** https://www.listennotes.com/e/8f57d5b7e2a8416886cb7c1a363b410f/
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 68 minutes

## Summary

This 68-minute episode of Just Kira Davis on The Orange Report mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Just Kira Davis on The Orange Report

## Key Moment

> "Well, hello everybody. Welcome back to another episode of The Orange Report with Kira Davis, bringing you all the news and views you can use from around California, Orange County, and America, because California news is America News. This is a really— we got a lot going on in California today. Um, this is good. This is going to be a California-heavy show. As soon as you get that bug out of the way, let's get some housekeeping out of the way too. Make sure that you're following me here on X, @KiraDavis. Follow The Orange Report, @OrangeReportOC, anywhere that you find it. And Facebook and YouTube, we also broadcast live too. We broadcast live 3 days a week. We're in a new time slot right now because we're just experimenting with our time slots. But then we do a Friday episode, which is sort of a more formal magazine-type, um, broadcast. And you can find that on our YouTube channel as well. We, we sort of consolidate all of the Orange County and California news from the week, and we put it all in that one podcast. And I think you should watch it. This past week, I interviewed Hey, I interviewed, um, a lovely woman from a home base, a small business called Holy Cow Tallow Bomb. Just like not sponsored. You're not going to see me like pitching her product. I just loved, uh, what she did. And so I did like a couple of minutes with her. And then I also interviewed the chairman of the Orange County Republican Party, Will O'Neill, who is a great interviewer. If you ever have the opportunity to hear Will speak somewhere, I highly recommend it. One of the things that I really appreciate about Will is that he is a student of history and he always has historical context to back up what he was saying. But that was a— we did a long-form interview, so it was 20 minutes or more. Um, and he just— we just broke down what's going on here in Orange County. And if you're not from Southern California, or even if you are, but you're not from Orange County, I need a lot of you to understand that we're not a red county. I know that's our reputation. That is what— how people describe us, and that is what we were. But we are now purple, and there's a lot of reasons for that. The cheating, all the cheating is one. We had mass— we flipped in 2020 and even more in 2022. And I— and suddenly, shockingly, after mail-in ballots became the law here and everyone gets a ballot. Shockingly, Democrats started winning Orange County, and then Prop 50 passed. You might remember that battle. I mean, we're 5 crises beyond that right now. You might remember the Prop 50 battle, but then that cut up the last of the red areas here in California. So Orange County is not a red county, it's a purple county, and you should be paying attention to what's going on here because you might think you're safe in your red county, your red town, your red state, but you are not, because the left is fully committed to overturning our republic. They really are. And, and the way they can't do it militarily— we're armed. The Second Amendment is our friend. We're armed. You cannot come and take— oh, we're not like the UK. You can't come and take over, you know, the heartland of America by brute force. That's going to be a bloody proposition. So how do you do it? You do it by slowly infiltrating the system, and that's what they've been doing here. So that's why I wrote this book, because a lot of y'all have been comfortable, and I don't blame you. You know, you should want to be comfortable. It's one of the blessings of liberty. But I, you know, I don't blame you, but you should be paying attention. A lot of you fell asleep, and then while you were sleeping, you were just going to work. You're like, I don't need to worry about the school board. I don't need to worry about the city council. Guess who was worrying about that kind of stuff? Libs. Liberals. Because they love meetings. They love conference calls. Like, they love meeting culture. They love going to meetings. They're all parking maids. They're all parking meter maids at heart. So when you leave those positions open, the Democrats come for them. They understand you. I've said this before on this show before, but, um, Do you know who's on your library board? Do you even know that you have a library board in your town? I know a lot of y'all don't use the library as much anymore, um, but, uh, they're basically homeless shelters in California at this point. But, um, do you— you have a library board, and guess who's on it? You're probably going to be shocked. I suggest you look it up, and I'm not even going to tell you who's on it. I bet to a person, I bet I'm right about every single library board. You're going to be shocked at who's on it. There's a lot of positions out there that we leave empty. This is why I think you should go back and watch that interview with Will O'Neill. He talks about that. He talks about how as the chairman of his county party, of our Republican County Party, he said, you know, we've left hundreds of offices open over the years, and this is absolutely ridiculous. We can't do that. So he has endeavored to fill every office, and he said, 'There's hundreds, and we're not going to let a single one go unfilled.' So if you don't fill those positions, the liberals will. And I know you're busy, I get it, we're all busy, and life is only getting busier as life gets more expensive. But if you don't, you know, take some time to serve the public through elected office, somebody will. I would like to suggest that it be you, and you don't have to run for a really high office. Uh, like, I ran for school board, and that was way— I wouldn't recommend that. I would not recommend running for school board unless you feel so called to do it. But there are other offices that are basically walk-in positions. The library board is one. Um, water— you're getting on the board of your water district. There's utilities board. It differs from area to area, right? State to state, depending on what are elected positions. We, we have so many positions here in California. But that's the other thing that happens is that, uh, what the way that Democrats amass power is that when they get power, they create more offices and then they don't really tell people that they've made these offices. So then people don't fill the positions to run for them. So you have all of these extra offices that really aren't needed. They're not constitutional.. But now you've got 400 people working in one government department when it used to be 2. But you, the Republican, you don't know about it because you don't really keep up with all of the ridiculous stuff that goes on in government. There's a lot of little positions like that. Do you have a College Board in your state? You do. Of course you do. You need to be on that board. We need to be Americans. Americans, because I'm divided. The left, I don't feel are Americans anymore. Americans need to be filling those positions. So if you don't know where to start, but you feel in your heart, if this has maybe spoken to you in some way, or it's, um, you know, maybe triggers something in your heart and you don't know where to start, the easiest place to start is your county GOP or your local Republican club. I say that all the time. Just go online, look, see ladies clubs. Ladies Republican clubs are huge. They're not corny. They actually are the apparatus for a lot of effort and work that gets done around election season. Start there because those ladies are always informed. They're on all the mailing lists. They're the ones that are, you know, organizing the walk parties and, you know, the phone banking, all that stuff. So great place to start there. But I don't know, not every county chairman is as responsive as ours. Will O'Neill is is really one of the greats, and he will respond to every inquiry. You know, if you're serious, he will. He doesn't, you know, he's not like looking down on anyone going, I can't talk to that person. So if you feel you have a chairman like that, reach out to your party chairman, tell them, I would like, and I would like to run for office. I don't want to work very hard. Are there any positions at lower levels that are a 2 to 4 year term that's not a lot of effort that you need to fill, you can do that. There's— we really need to be more deliberate about this here in Orange County especially. And, uh, and then, you know, there's the other side of it. Republicans need to, um, then get unified because the other thing that we have then is we have a bunch of Republicans running for the same seat. And in a state like California, that's nothing but trouble because of our jungle primary system. Which is on purpose. Got a comment here. Oh, hey, Mo Garrett. Hey, Mo. Um, Mo says, yep, you're right, preach, my friend, you are telling the truth. I'm here in SoCal and it's insane things going on, right? We're going to talk about this, Mo. Hey, Flav, good to see you. Welcome, welcome, it's been a minute. I'm glad you're here. Uh, we're talking about all the crazy stuff that's going on in California. There is another chemical fire in Los Angeles and Boyle Heights. That's the San Fernando Valley area. A valley, everybody. So I want you to imagine what happens with all that smoke. It's coming up from the valley, then it settles back into the valley. This is our third chemical crisis in the Southern California area in as many weeks. This is— to me, this is not a coincidence. This particular fire is a solar power plant. And you know those— I mean, that's not totally crazy to think that, that a disaster could happen. You know that those things are very precarious. It's why we shouldn't ever have signed on for the solar power revolution. And those things are very toxic and, and flammable and all of that. But you put that in conjunction with the tires— a tire fire, um, at a junkyard. And by the way, we have a lot of junkyards on fire in California this summer. That's the thing that's happening. In the beginning, I thought it might just be the junkyard owners just trying to get insurance, but I think we're up to 4 in the lot since January. Then we had the giant tire fire. It was— that was in Los Angeles too. I think that was in Pasadena. And then we had the Garden Grove chemical spill, which came and went. Much like Nancy Guthrie. We had more Nancy Guthrie news today, by the way. She popped up. Apparently TMZ got like a second ransom note the day after she disappeared that said she was dead. I don't even know how to talk about that story anymore. There's something weird there, or maybe I'm just blackpilled right now, but I think, yeah, there's something weird. It's just everything's weird, so I don't believe in coincidences. I think something is going on. And yeah, oh, thank you, Flav. Flav says, Kira, you did an awesome job on Tony Katz on Friday. Thank you. I love filling in for Tony Katz. Um, Tony's one of my good dear friends. I fill in a lot, and thanks to the power of the internet, you don't have to live in Indianapolis to hear me when I'm there. Um, Tony Katz today over on WIBC and in Indianapolis, and I'll be back. Thanks, Flav, for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Mo says, um, yeah, where was Karen Bass? Oh, I saw you on Newsmax."
> — Speaker A at 00:15
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:15] Speaker A: "Well, hello everybody. Welcome back to another episode of The Orange Report with Kira Davis, bringing you all the news and views you can use from around California, Orange County, and America, because California news is America News. This is a really— we got a lot going on in California today. Um, this is good. This is going to be a California-heavy show. As soon as you get that bug out of the way, let's get some housekeeping out of the way too. Make sure that you're following me here on X, @KiraDavis. Follow The Orange Report, @OrangeReportOC, anywhere that you find it. And Facebook and YouTube, we also broadcast live too. We broadcast live 3 days a week. We're in a new time slot right now because we're just experimenting with our time slots. But then we do a Friday episode, which is sort of a more formal magazine-type, um, broadcast. And you can find that on our YouTube channel as well. We, we sort of consolidate all of the Orange County and California news from the week, and we put it all in that one podcast. And I think you should watch it. This past week, I interviewed Hey, I interviewed, um, a lovely woman from a home base, a small business called Holy Cow Tallow Bomb. Just like not sponsored. You're not going to see me like pitching her product. I just loved, uh, what she did. And so I did like a couple of minutes with her. And then I also interviewed the chairman of the Orange County Republican Party, Will O'Neill, who is a great interviewer. If you ever have the opportunity to hear Will speak somewhere, I highly recommend it. One of the things that I really appreciate about Will is that he is a student of history and he always has historical context to back up what he was saying. But that was a— we did a long-form interview, so it was 20 minutes or more. Um, and he just— we just broke down what's going on here in Orange County. And if you're not from Southern California, or even if you are, but you're not from Orange County, I need a lot of you to understand that we're not a red county. I know that's our reputation. That is what— how people describe us, and that is what we were. But we are now purple, and there's a lot of reasons for that. The cheating, all the cheating is one. We had mass— we flipped in 2020 and even more in 2022. And I— and suddenly, shockingly, after mail-in ballots became the law here and everyone gets a ballot. Shockingly, Democrats started winning Orange County, and then Prop 50 passed. You might remember that battle. I mean, we're 5 crises beyond that right now. You might remember the Prop 50 battle, but then that cut up the last of the red areas here in California. So Orange County is not a red county, it's a purple county, and you should be paying attention to what's going on here because you might think you're safe in your red county, your red town, your red state, but you are not, because the left is fully committed to overturning our republic. They really are. And, and the way they can't do it militarily— we're armed. The Second Amendment is our friend. We're armed. You cannot come and take— oh, we're not like the UK. You can't come and take over, you know, the heartland of America by brute force. That's going to be a bloody proposition. So how do you do it? You do it by slowly infiltrating the system, and that's what they've been doing here. So that's why I wrote this book, because a lot of y'all have been comfortable, and I don't blame you. You know, you should want to be comfortable. It's one of the blessings of liberty. But I, you know, I don't blame you, but you should be paying attention. A lot of you fell asleep, and then while you were sleeping, you were just going to work. You're like, I don't need to worry about the school board. I don't need to worry about the city council. Guess who was worrying about that kind of stuff? Libs. Liberals. Because they love meetings. They love conference calls. Like, they love meeting culture. They love going to meetings. They're all parking maids. They're all parking meter maids at heart. So when you leave those positions open, the Democrats come for them. They understand you. I've said this before on this show before, but, um, Do you know who's on your library board? Do you even know that you have a library board in your town? I know a lot of y'all don't use the library as much anymore, um, but, uh, they're basically homeless shelters in California at this point. But, um, do you— you have a library board, and guess who's on it? You're probably going to be shocked. I suggest you look it up, and I'm not even going to tell you who's on it. I bet to a person, I bet I'm right about every single library board. You're going to be shocked at who's on it. There's a lot of positions out there that we leave empty. This is why I think you should go back and watch that interview with Will O'Neill. He talks about that. He talks about how as the chairman of his county party, of our Republican County Party, he said, you know, we've left hundreds of offices open over the years, and this is absolutely ridiculous. We can't do that. So he has endeavored to fill every office, and he said, 'There's hundreds, and we're not going to let a single one go unfilled.' So if you don't fill those positions, the liberals will. And I know you're busy, I get it, we're all busy, and life is only getting busier as life gets more expensive. But if you don't, you know, take some time to serve the public through elected office, somebody will. I would like to suggest that it be you, and you don't have to run for a really high office. Uh, like, I ran for school board, and that was way— I wouldn't recommend that. I would not recommend running for school board unless you feel so called to do it. But there are other offices that are basically walk-in positions. The library board is one. Um, water— you're getting on the board of your water district. There's utilities board. It differs from area to area, right? State to state, depending on what are elected positions. We, we have so many positions here in California. But that's the other thing that happens is that, uh, what the way that Democrats amass power is that when they get power, they create more offices and then they don't really tell people that they've made these offices. So then people don't fill the positions to run for them. So you have all of these extra offices that really aren't needed. They're not constitutional.. But now you've got 400 people working in one government department when it used to be 2. But you, the Republican, you don't know about it because you don't really keep up with all of the ridiculous stuff that goes on in government. There's a lot of little positions like that. Do you have a College Board in your state? You do. Of course you do. You need to be on that board. We need to be Americans. Americans, because I'm divided. The left, I don't feel are Americans anymore. Americans need to be filling those positions. So if you don't know where to start, but you feel in your heart, if this has maybe spoken to you in some way, or it's, um, you know, maybe triggers something in your heart and you don't know where to start, the easiest place to start is your county GOP or your local Republican club. I say that all the time. Just go online, look, see ladies clubs. Ladies Republican clubs are huge. They're not corny. They actually are the apparatus for a lot of effort and work that gets done around election season. Start there because those ladies are always informed. They're on all the mailing lists. They're the ones that are, you know, organizing the walk parties and, you know, the phone banking, all that stuff. So great place to start there. But I don't know, not every county chairman is as responsive as ours. Will O'Neill is is really one of the greats, and he will respond to every inquiry. You know, if you're serious, he will. He doesn't, you know, he's not like looking down on anyone going, I can't talk to that person. So if you feel you have a chairman like that, reach out to your party chairman, tell them, I would like, and I would like to run for office. I don't want to work very hard. Are there any positions at lower levels that are a 2 to 4 year term that's not a lot of effort that you need to fill, you can do that. There's— we really need to be more deliberate about this here in Orange County especially. And, uh, and then, you know, there's the other side of it. Republicans need to, um, then get unified because the other thing that we have then is we have a bunch of Republicans running for the same seat. And in a state like California, that's nothing but trouble because of our jungle primary system. Which is on purpose. Got a comment here. Oh, hey, Mo Garrett. Hey, Mo. Um, Mo says, yep, you're right, preach, my friend, you are telling the truth. I'm here in SoCal and it's insane things going on, right? We're going to talk about this, Mo. Hey, Flav, good to see you. Welcome, welcome, it's been a minute. I'm glad you're here. Uh, we're talking about all the crazy stuff that's going on in California. There is another chemical fire in Los Angeles and Boyle Heights. That's the San Fernando Valley area. A valley, everybody. So I want you to imagine what happens with all that smoke. It's coming up from the valley, then it settles back into the valley. This is our third chemical crisis in the Southern California area in as many weeks. This is— to me, this is not a coincidence. This particular fire is a solar power plant. And you know those— I mean, that's not totally crazy to think that, that a disaster could happen. You know that those things are very precarious. It's why we shouldn't ever have signed on for the solar power revolution. And those things are very toxic and, and flammable and all of that. But you put that in conjunction with the tires— a tire fire, um, at a junkyard. And by the way, we have a lot of junkyards on fire in California this summer. That's the thing that's happening. In the beginning, I thought it might just be the junkyard owners just trying to get insurance, but I think we're up to 4 in the lot since January. Then we had the giant tire fire. It was— that was in Los Angeles too. I think that was in Pasadena. And then we had the Garden Grove chemical spill, which came and went. Much like Nancy Guthrie. We had more Nancy Guthrie news today, by the way. She popped up. Apparently TMZ got like a second ransom note the day after she disappeared that said she was dead. I don't even know how to talk about that story anymore. There's something weird there, or maybe I'm just blackpilled right now, but I think, yeah, there's something weird. It's just everything's weird, so I don't believe in coincidences. I think something is going on. And yeah, oh, thank you, Flav. Flav says, Kira, you did an awesome job on Tony Katz on Friday. Thank you. I love filling in for Tony Katz. Um, Tony's one of my good dear friends. I fill in a lot, and thanks to the power of the internet, you don't have to live in Indianapolis to hear me when I'm there. Um, Tony Katz today over on WIBC and in Indianapolis, and I'll be back. Thanks, Flav, for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Mo says, um, yeah, where was Karen Bass? Oh, I saw you on Newsmax."

## Full Transcript

[00:15] **Speaker A:** Well, hello everybody. Welcome back to another episode of The Orange Report with Kira Davis, bringing you all the news and views you can use from around California, Orange County, and America, because California news is America News. This is a really— we got a lot going on in California today. Um, this is good. This is going to be a California-heavy show. As soon as you get that bug out of the way, let's get some housekeeping out of the way too. Make sure that you're following me here on X, @KiraDavis. Follow The Orange Report, @OrangeReportOC, anywhere that you find it. And Facebook and YouTube, we also broadcast live too. We broadcast live 3 days a week. We're in a new time slot right now because we're just experimenting with our time slots. But then we do a Friday episode, which is sort of a more formal magazine-type, um, broadcast. And you can find that on our YouTube channel as well. We, we sort of consolidate all of the Orange County and California news from the week, and we put it all in that one podcast. And I think you should watch it. This past week, I interviewed Hey, I interviewed, um, a lovely woman from a home base, a small business called Holy Cow Tallow Bomb. Just like not sponsored. You're not going to see me like pitching her product. I just loved, uh, what she did. And so I did like a couple of minutes with her. And then I also interviewed the chairman of the Orange County Republican Party, Will O'Neill, who is a great interviewer. If you ever have the opportunity to hear Will speak somewhere, I highly recommend it. One of the things that I really appreciate about Will is that he is a student of history and he always has historical context to back up what he was saying. But that was a— we did a long-form interview, so it was 20 minutes or more. Um, and he just— we just broke down what's going on here in Orange County. And if you're not from Southern California, or even if you are, but you're not from Orange County, I need a lot of you to understand that we're not a red county. I know that's our reputation. That is what— how people describe us, and that is what we were. But we are now purple, and there's a lot of reasons for that. The cheating, all the cheating is one. We had mass— we flipped in 2020 and even more in 2022. And I— and suddenly, shockingly, after mail-in ballots became the law here and everyone gets a ballot. Shockingly, Democrats started winning Orange County, and then Prop 50 passed. You might remember that battle. I mean, we're 5 crises beyond that right now. You might remember the Prop 50 battle, but then that cut up the last of the red areas here in California. So Orange County is not a red county, it's a purple county, and you should be paying attention to what's going on here because you might think you're safe in your red county, your red town, your red state, but you are not, because the left is fully committed to overturning our republic. They really are. And, and the way they can't do it militarily— we're armed. The Second Amendment is our friend. We're armed. You cannot come and take— oh, we're not like the UK. You can't come and take over, you know, the heartland of America by brute force. That's going to be a bloody proposition. So how do you do it? You do it by slowly infiltrating the system, and that's what they've been doing here. So that's why I wrote this book, because a lot of y'all have been comfortable, and I don't blame you. You know, you should want to be comfortable. It's one of the blessings of liberty. But I, you know, I don't blame you, but you should be paying attention. A lot of you fell asleep, and then while you were sleeping, you were just going to work. You're like, I don't need to worry about the school board. I don't need to worry about the city council. Guess who was worrying about that kind of stuff? Libs. Liberals. Because they love meetings. They love conference calls. Like, they love meeting culture. They love going to meetings. They're all parking maids. They're all parking meter maids at heart. So when you leave those positions open, the Democrats come for them. They understand you. I've said this before on this show before, but, um, Do you know who's on your library board? Do you even know that you have a library board in your town? I know a lot of y'all don't use the library as much anymore, um, but, uh, they're basically homeless shelters in California at this point. But, um, do you— you have a library board, and guess who's on it? You're probably going to be shocked. I suggest you look it up, and I'm not even going to tell you who's on it. I bet to a person, I bet I'm right about every single library board. You're going to be shocked at who's on it. There's a lot of positions out there that we leave empty. This is why I think you should go back and watch that interview with Will O'Neill. He talks about that. He talks about how as the chairman of his county party, of our Republican County Party, he said, you know, we've left hundreds of offices open over the years, and this is absolutely ridiculous. We can't do that. So he has endeavored to fill every office, and he said, 'There's hundreds, and we're not going to let a single one go unfilled.' So if you don't fill those positions, the liberals will. And I know you're busy, I get it, we're all busy, and life is only getting busier as life gets more expensive. But if you don't, you know, take some time to serve the public through elected office, somebody will. I would like to suggest that it be you, and you don't have to run for a really high office. Uh, like, I ran for school board, and that was way— I wouldn't recommend that. I would not recommend running for school board unless you feel so called to do it. But there are other offices that are basically walk-in positions. The library board is one. Um, water— you're getting on the board of your water district. There's utilities board. It differs from area to area, right? State to state, depending on what are elected positions. We, we have so many positions here in California. But that's the other thing that happens is that, uh, what the way that Democrats amass power is that when they get power, they create more offices and then they don't really tell people that they've made these offices. So then people don't fill the positions to run for them. So you have all of these extra offices that really aren't needed. They're not constitutional.. But now you've got 400 people working in one government department when it used to be 2. But you, the Republican, you don't know about it because you don't really keep up with all of the ridiculous stuff that goes on in government. There's a lot of little positions like that. Do you have a College Board in your state? You do. Of course you do. You need to be on that board. We need to be Americans. Americans, because I'm divided. The left, I don't feel are Americans anymore. Americans need to be filling those positions. So if you don't know where to start, but you feel in your heart, if this has maybe spoken to you in some way, or it's, um, you know, maybe triggers something in your heart and you don't know where to start, the easiest place to start is your county GOP or your local Republican club. I say that all the time. Just go online, look, see ladies clubs. Ladies Republican clubs are huge. They're not corny. They actually are the apparatus for a lot of effort and work that gets done around election season. Start there because those ladies are always informed. They're on all the mailing lists. They're the ones that are, you know, organizing the walk parties and, you know, the phone banking, all that stuff. So great place to start there. But I don't know, not every county chairman is as responsive as ours. Will O'Neill is is really one of the greats, and he will respond to every inquiry. You know, if you're serious, he will. He doesn't, you know, he's not like looking down on anyone going, I can't talk to that person. So if you feel you have a chairman like that, reach out to your party chairman, tell them, I would like, and I would like to run for office. I don't want to work very hard. Are there any positions at lower levels that are a 2 to 4 year term that's not a lot of effort that you need to fill, you can do that. There's— we really need to be more deliberate about this here in Orange County especially. And, uh, and then, you know, there's the other side of it. Republicans need to, um, then get unified because the other thing that we have then is we have a bunch of Republicans running for the same seat. And in a state like California, that's nothing but trouble because of our jungle primary system. Which is on purpose. Got a comment here. Oh, hey, Mo Garrett. Hey, Mo. Um, Mo says, yep, you're right, preach, my friend, you are telling the truth. I'm here in SoCal and it's insane things going on, right? We're going to talk about this, Mo. Hey, Flav, good to see you. Welcome, welcome, it's been a minute. I'm glad you're here. Uh, we're talking about all the crazy stuff that's going on in California. There is another chemical fire in Los Angeles and Boyle Heights. That's the San Fernando Valley area. A valley, everybody. So I want you to imagine what happens with all that smoke. It's coming up from the valley, then it settles back into the valley. This is our third chemical crisis in the Southern California area in as many weeks. This is— to me, this is not a coincidence. This particular fire is a solar power plant. And you know those— I mean, that's not totally crazy to think that, that a disaster could happen. You know that those things are very precarious. It's why we shouldn't ever have signed on for the solar power revolution. And those things are very toxic and, and flammable and all of that. But you put that in conjunction with the tires— a tire fire, um, at a junkyard. And by the way, we have a lot of junkyards on fire in California this summer. That's the thing that's happening. In the beginning, I thought it might just be the junkyard owners just trying to get insurance, but I think we're up to 4 in the lot since January. Then we had the giant tire fire. It was— that was in Los Angeles too. I think that was in Pasadena. And then we had the Garden Grove chemical spill, which came and went. Much like Nancy Guthrie. We had more Nancy Guthrie news today, by the way. She popped up. Apparently TMZ got like a second ransom note the day after she disappeared that said she was dead. I don't even know how to talk about that story anymore. There's something weird there, or maybe I'm just blackpilled right now, but I think, yeah, there's something weird. It's just everything's weird, so I don't believe in coincidences. I think something is going on. And yeah, oh, thank you, Flav. Flav says, Kira, you did an awesome job on Tony Katz on Friday. Thank you. I love filling in for Tony Katz. Um, Tony's one of my good dear friends. I fill in a lot, and thanks to the power of the internet, you don't have to live in Indianapolis to hear me when I'm there. Um, Tony Katz today over on WIBC and in Indianapolis, and I'll be back. Thanks, Flav, for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Mo says, um, yeah, where was Karen Bass? Oh, I saw you on Newsmax.

[11:56] **Speaker B:** Or—

[11:56] **Speaker A:** oh yeah, no, I was on Newsmax today with Katrina. And what were we talking about today? These things like— oh, the First Partner. The First Partner here in California, otherwise known as the First Lady in other normal places. She's the First Partner here, is out there whining about tradwives and traditional womanhood. And I pointed out that she's living the traditional womanhood lifestyle They all do. They all do. Keep this in mind, people on the left, from Cardi B to the first partner to Kamala Harris to the Obamas to the Bidens to the Clintons, every single white liberal elitist or their allies in the Black and brown crowd, uh, will, will tell you, like the Jen Siebel Newsoms, they'll tell you Don't be hamstrung by tradition. Single moms are the best. Like, the best mom is a single mom. The second best mom is a gay dad. Uh, we need to, you know, we shouldn't have gender stereotypes. Your boys don't have to play sports. Your girls don't have to play with dolls. You shouldn't be, you know, you don't need to become a mother. You don't need to get married. You don't need to live in the suburbs. You should live in a 15-minute city. All of these things that they tell you are good for your life, they're not doing it. They don't live their lives like that. Jennifer Siebel Newsom is married. She's a married woman in a nuclear family. All of her kids belong to her husband, right? They don't have a blended family. They don't have two moms, two dads over there. And their kid— and their boys play sports. Forget all the stuff I just— these poor kids, these poor kids. Forget all the stuff they tell you about— she tells you about dolls and sports. Their boys play sports, play very masculine sports, right? And then I pointed out today on Newsmax as well, she got a really fluffy profile piece in Marie Claire, which I didn't even realize was still a magazine. Marie Claire magazine. She got a, a cover, and I think that same week Gavin got like Vanity Fair or something like that. Um, but on— if you go, you can go look it up right now. What's she doing on the COVID She's holding the chicken because she has a farm like a tradwife, and she talks about her farm animals and getting back to nature. The— do you understand? These people hate you. They don't want to live the way they're telling you to live. They want— they live the way that's successful, the way that's proven to be successful. You don't have kids before you graduate high school, at least get married, stay married, have children, and fulfill traditional roles. Now that doesn't mean that you can't have other things going on. Look at me, I've been a stay-at-home mother for 24+ years. Still count myself as one, even though my kids are adults now and can go to the bathroom by themselves, supposedly, and, you know, feed themselves. But had a career, and, you know, but did all that as a second tier to what my first job was, was being a stay-at-home mom. So these people, they don't want you They, they don't want to live the way they're telling you to live. Don't look at what people tell you, look at what the proof is in their own life. And to a person, to a person, every single one of these horrible people on the left who are telling you you don't need gender roles, you don't need stereotypes, you don't need marriage, single moms are the best, you have a baby by yourself if you want, you can have a baby at 50 by yourself if you want, it's not a big deal. Abortion's not a big deal. They're not living like that. It's diabolical. It really is. All right, Flav, I'll see you later. Thanks for popping in. We do appreciate you, uh, and we're, we're just flirting with times, so we'll be back, um, at our regular time some other time. I don't know, we're just flirting with it all. Um, this is the joy of working for myself. I don't work for corporate, I work for myself. Um, but yeah, they're not— they're always telling you to live a different kind of life than they're living themselves. And even the worst of them live that life. Do you understand what I mean? Look at the Clintons. Yeah, I know, I know they're evil, they kill people. Bill Clinton's, uh, prop— you know, at the very least, like in the nicest part of his life, he's a philanderer. At the very least, he's a philanderer. Uh, if you saw him in that Epstein deposition, I think it's safe to say it's a lot worse than that. Anyways, no love lost for the Clintons. They're not great people. But what kind of lives do they live in? A lot of people say that Hillary's gay. A lot of people have said that forever. I don't know what to believe, but you hear through the grapevine and yeah, yes, that's right, Mo. The Obamas, how are they living? Even still, even let's say Hillary's gay, let's pretend that Michelle Obama is a man. She keeps— oh boy. I was on Bridget Phetasy's show Walk In, Welcome. It airs this week. We talked a little bit about that. You know, whatever you think these people are, whatever they claim to have as our fringe beliefs, the trans stuff. They don't live like that. They're not living like that. All right, it's diabolical. All right, let's get to some stories here. Let's see, um, here's a great one. Let's do, um, let's do number 2. The, uh, California State Workers Union's warn The headline's going to blow you away. California State— this is from, by the way, this is from kcra.com. KCRA, great station here in Southern California. California State Workers Union warns of mass accidents with Newsom's return to office order. Did you know that California government workers still aren't back full-time? It's 2026. It's 2026. The pandemic was not a year ago or 2 years ago. It was 6 years ago, if you can believe that. I can hardly believe it. 6 years ago was the beginning of the pandemic. 6 years ago we were told to go home, stay home, and the California government is still not back full-time. Can you believe that? I mean, I can believe it, but All right, let's read. California state workers are challenging a new mandate requiring them to return to the office 4 days a week starting July. They're not even asking them to go to the office full-time. They're just saying 4 days a week. You gotta, you gotta work 5 days or more a week. If you work for yourself, you work 7 days a week. You gotta go to work 5 days a week. These people are bitching because they gotta go back to— what are they at now? I'm already hyperventilating. I am already hyperventilating. Okay, starting July 1st, as lawmakers advance a bill to ensure telework options, a billboard off Sacramento Highway warns of future traffic jams— future traffic jams caused by Governor Newsom's order. State workers argue they have been working efficiently under hybrid schedules since the COVID-19 pandemic. Um, dear viewer, if you are in California, do you feel that our government is working efficiently? Drop your comments in the comment section below. Since COVID we have been working and doing the jobs and being efficient and doing the jobs to keep California running, said Anika Wells, the president of SEIU Local 1000, which represents state workers in Sacramento. This mandate is overreaching, as it does not give departments the space to bring back our workers as needed. What were you doing before, Ms. Annika, Annika, whatever your name is? Annika Walls. That sounds like a pseudonym for something. It sounds like a drag queen name. Annika Walls. Um, what were you doing before the pandemic? These people want us to I want you to understand the game here. Do you understand what the game is? See, you're so traumatized during COVID you probably, you probably forgot about this part. But the first year or two— to even say that is like, God, what did we go through? The first year or two, we were treated to breathless hope equal passionate articles from the left about how everything's changed, nothing's ever going to be the same again, you better get used to it America, this is your new normal. Remember that? We got a bunch of those articles. This is your new normal, get used to it America, you're never going back to the movies, you're never going back to the mall, your family's never going to have Thanksgiving dinner together again, this is a new normal and we need to learn to live like this. They were so hopeful that that was the new normal. And in California, as you guys know, we're way behind the 8-ball on everything when it comes to the golden age. And so it stands to reason that here we're still holding on to the 'this is the new normal' thing. And so this is the union saying, hey, we, we thought that the 3-day— how many days a week are they coming in? Are they even coming in? We thought that this hybrid schedule, 2 or 3 days a week, was the new normal, and they made it their new normal. We didn't. We didn't agree to it, right? The rest of regular America didn't agree to it because that's not how life works, right? In the government, I guess you could do whatever you want, and then if you don't have enough money to keep doing it, you just go and punish the people by taxing them more so you can keep doing whatever you want. These people don't want to go back to work. You got to go back to work. I had to go back to work. Kids got to go back to school. People need stuff. Why can't you be at work? Well, let's, let's read on. Just, I want you to remember that, that they tried to tell us this is your new normal, America. You better deal with it. And this is the California unions trying to hang on to the new normal. Um, it's not clear which departments exactly are struggling with space, right? Because there are none. We have, we have government, we have empty government buildings. That's part of San Francisco's problem. Like to have all of this empty. And, and LA, all a lot of the empty buildings are government buildings and they're empty, which is not good for business anywhere. Imagine you opening a bar or a restaurant in, in Sacramento somewhere, and, uh, you know, and you wanted to just open for lunch, you want to cater to the government crowd that, you know, that likes to lunch. You go to Sacramento, it's like a movie there, you know. It's like no one's in work, everyone's lunching. The restaurants are full all day, every day. But, you know, imagine thinking, oh, I'm— this is a great niche to fill, the lunch crowd, the business lunch crowd, and then they go work from home and none of these— like, this is— this is— this affects everybody. It affects the entire economy when they do stuff like this. So it's not clear which departments exactly are struggling with space and how the Newsom administration is handling it, as folks with California's Government Operations Agency declined an interview request with California Politics 360. That's Ashley Zavala at KCRA. At his budget presentation in May, Governor Gavin Newsom acknowledged the challenges of returning to the office but emphasized the benefits of in-person work. I just— it's absurd that he or anyone even has to make the case.

[24:38] **Speaker B:** Charges.

[24:38] **Speaker A:** Change is hard. It's not change, it's going back to what it was. The change was people being able to stay home and work and watch TV all day or go to the beach or whatever the hell it is they're doing besides working from home.

[24:53] **Speaker B:** It's—

[24:53] **Speaker A:** I'm empathetic, he said. Yeah, that's part of your problem. Everyone has unique criteria, circumstance. We try to accommodate for that.

[25:00] **Speaker B:** Why?

[25:01] **Speaker A:** Why do you the government have to accommodate for your workers? If you can't handle the job, go find a job in private America where you can stay home 3 to 4 days a week. I mean, 4 days a week, nice to see you again. I mean, would be nice to see you again. Nice to see you. My gosh, reading Governor Newsom's words. Let me start from the beginning of that. Reading his word salads is 10 times worse than hearing them. Okay, ready? Change is hard. I'm empathetic. Everyone has unique criteria, circumstance. We try to accommodate for that. I mean, 4 days a week. Nice to see you again. I mean, would be nice to see you again. Nice to see you again. Nice to run into you in the hall. Nice to develop a relationship. Nice to not feel so alone, Newsom said. From an economic perspective, the return to office mandate could benefit local businesses, according to Robert Hyde, president of Sacramento Metro Chamber. There's a lot of value in bringing people back from the office. I just said that, yeah, because I'm smart. State workers packed committee hearings at the Capitol this week. Advocating state workers said, oh, they don't want to go to work. The state workers don't want to go to work. But they'll, they'll leave, they'll get their asses, their asses up off their couches to shuffle on down to the Capitol to protest so they don't have to go back to work. This state, man. State workers packed the committee hearings at the Capitol this week advocating for a law that will require state agencies to provide telework options or justify why specific roles must be performed in office. You don't have to justify why you can do your job from home. The state has to justify why you have to be in an office. We cannot function like this, California. We have to make a change. We have to make a change this fall. Please, I don't care if you're a Republican, Democrat, independent. I don't care. We have two options for governor. One is Becerra and one is Hilton. And if you vote for, for Becerra, you're getting the same. So it has to be Hilton. I don't really care what your political persuasion is. You're not voting for Trump. You're not voting for Republicans. You're voting for change because this is absolutely absurd. And if you're working 5, 6, 7 days, a lot of you are out there working 7 days a week. You're working 2 or 3 jobs just to make ends meet in Los Angeles, in San Francisco, in San Diego. This should infuriate you that government workers whom you pay, by the way, they're your taxes, it's your money. Government workers are saying the government has to justify why I need to be in the office 5 days a week. How can we go on like this, California? How can we continue like this? We cannot. You have to vote these people out. You have to vote them out. And when they cheat, you have to call that out and don't be a coward about it. I'm gonna have a stroke. I'm gonna have a stroke reading this story. Okay, uh, okay. Democratic Assemblyman Alex Lee, who authored the bill, said the issue is critical for many state employees. I've heard from so many state workers from even the Bay Area, all up and down the state, who said that it's the timing that matters most to them. They don't want to move. They love their job, but they don't— they aren't willing to move after working 4 to 5 years in state service. Move where? Where did you go? What do you mean, I don't want to move? What do you mean, where did you go? Again, this was a group of people who— it's a cult. It's a cult, and they believe whatever their leaders tell them. And their leaders told them, we're never going back to the way things were. This is the new normal. And they settled in for the new normal. And that's why they get so irate, because you're interrupting their new normal. You know Taylor Lorenz? You know her? She is the Washington Post— the former Washington Post reporter who's like a psycho blue sky lunatic. But great genes, man. She's my age and she looks younger than me. She looks younger than me. She's my age. And you know, I— people, a lot of people say I look young for my age. Taylor, I think she's older than me actually. I'm 51, I think she's 52 or 53. She looks like she's 30. It's weird. It's the strangest thing. I think she's lying about her age. Might not be. I think she's lying because she— it's incredible. Anyways, you know, I'll give you that, girl. You see Taylor out, it's 2026, she always wears a mask. She still has a mask. Why? Because she, she still does all her COVID protocol. She makes videos about it, where she's sanitizing and she's doing her distancing and she doesn't do— she did a red carpet event. She made a big deal about how she, she didn't— she got boosters. She didn't shake any hands. She double masked. That's somebody who wants the new normal to be normal forever. These are new normal people. This is your new normal. We've moved and we don't want to move back. Well, who the fuck cares? Screw you. You don't want to move for your job. What do I care? Nobody cares. You're not entitled to not have to move for work. You're not entitled to have a job where you live. You're not entitled to any of it. None of us are, and we pay your salaries. Please fire all of them. Fire everybody. The state will probably run just fine if every institution closed, to be honest. Lee's proposal also requires the state to establish an online dashboard to show how much taxpayer money is saved with telework. That's just— that's numbers. That's just— it's meaningless. It means nothing. Lee and SEIU have estimated remote work saves the state up to $225 million a year.

[31:14] **Speaker B:** Really?

[31:14] **Speaker A:** You've estimated that? How? We just guessed. I just I think that workers not being in the office saves $225 million a year. How? When asked about concerns that state workers might misuse telework arrangements, Walls defended her members. I have no doubt that our members are in the spaces they need to be and successfully produce and do the job they are assigned to do. Again, California, I'd like to ask you, do you feel like the government that you have is doing the job they're assigned to do. She also warned of potential consequences if the mandate remains in place. The mandate. They call it a mandate. It's not a mandate. It's work. It's called America, you dummy. It's called America. I'm sorry, this gets so insulting, but these people are insulting. It's not a mandate. It's the work week, you weirdo. I feel like there would be a mass exodus. Great. I feel like the state would be ready for a mass exodus. Yes, I'm ready. Mass exodus from California government, please. Yes, bring it. We have individuals who have been teetering retirement who look at this 4-day a week— again, a 4-day work week, like that's something crazy— who look at this 4 days a week when they have been doing their job efficiently in a hybrid schedule will probably send them into retirement. All right, that's it. Great.

[32:44] **Speaker B:** Great.

[32:44] **Speaker A:** Mo says the California government is welfare. No, it really is. It really is. That's a good— like, that's a great comment. It really is. A government job is welfare because you can't get fired, get a great pension, guaranteed highest wages in the land. A government job is welfare. And I have it on good authority that the California Democrat plan for California is to have every Californian either a member of the union, or on welfare. That's that. Either work for the government or you're on the dole in some way. That's what they want. They want— that's communism, friends. They want to eliminate private business, private property, private ownership, private healthcare. Our healthcare taxes are going up, everybody. The California legislature just passed a bill to raise private healthcare premiums, premiums by $400 a year. Can you guess why? Can you guess why? Can you guess what they're going to use our money on, our private health insurance, for? Free healthcare for the illegals. Free healthcare for the illegals. Yeah, for— in this day and age where no one can afford any— again, you don't tell me, don't tell me Spencer Pratt lost in LA. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. And I think the people who— I think the conservatives and the Republicans who are out there going, look, look at what's on paper. There's only 300,000 registered Republicans and so many Democrats. We're so far beyond Republican and Democrat. You have no freaking idea what's going on in this state with all of that. This two-party system is about to collapse. I'm a Republican. I'm a proud Republican. I'm going to stay a Republican. I want you to vote Republican. I want you to be Republican. That aside, it's not about left and right. It's not about Republican and Democrat for sure. I'm saying this as a dedicated Republican. We have a problem here in the state. Spencer Pratt did not lose. I will, I will, I will die on that hill. I will die on that hill. Spencer Pratt did not lose. This two-party system is absolutely outrageous. These people, the, the idea that they have pitted left and right against each other while they just take off with the whole store. We have to— California got to do something different. We got to do something different. And we have a two-party system, so the only different thing you can do is vote for the Republican. You have to, you have to. It's not about— forget about Donald Trump. You don't even need to worry about Donald Trump. By the way, if you want to keep Donald Trump out of this state, then you— then what we need to do is have a state that's running properly, and then he'll leave us alone. He's not going to be bothered with us if we're running things properly. If you want Donald Trump to stay in DC and mind his own federal business, California, then what we need to do is create a state that runs on its own and doesn't need information, um, and doesn't need, uh, intervention from the feds. Vote for Steve Hilton. Vote for that whole golden ticket. There's like a bunch of them. There's Michael Gates for Attorney General. There's Gloria Romero for Lieutenant Governor. There's Herb Morgan for Controller. Secretary of State, he's not on the golden ticket, but he is a Republican, Don Wagner. He's running for Secretary of State. There's a bunch of Republicans in your local area running. You have to vote.

[36:23] **Speaker C:** You—

[36:23] **Speaker A:** because this is for Democrats now, none of whom are watching this show, but maybe this clip will reach you at some point. You are not— it's not that you're voting for the Republican way of life, or you want to vote for— you want to go red, or you're changing your mind. You might. B, I mean, that's great, like, welcome. But that's not— you cannot look— it's a trick. It's a trick. They have tricked you into believing that this is a binary issue, that this is Republican versus Democrat, that this is left versus right. No, it's us versus the elites, us the taxpayer versus the elites who only keep asking you for more of your money. And what problems are they solving? You can't possibly look around and think that any problems have been solved. So if you want something different, what do you do? You have to vote differently. And I won't get into all the fraud. I don't want to discourage you. There's, you know, that's going to have to be taken care of at a different, at a law enforcement level. You the voter, I'm just talking to you. If you want something different in this state, you have to vote Republican. It is not about where your, where your mind is at. If you love Pride Month or hate Pride Month, if you love Trump or hate Trump, It's not about that. It's about sending a message: you're not going to take advantage of us anymore. That's why I'm not a Democrat anymore, because as a Black person, I couldn't justify what Democrats do in our communities and still do to this very day. The way they talk about us, the way they use us, the way they trample all over our churches every election cycle. They desecrate the name of the Lord. They desecrate the creation of the Lord. What self-respecting Black woman can vote Democrat? If you're a Christian Black woman, you cannot vote Democrat. They advocate for killing our population. What, we're 12% of the population? We're 54% of all abortions in this country? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'll never vote Democrat again. Democrats hate Black people. If— but you can be like me and you can leave the Democrat Party, and you don't have to come over to the Republican side. You don't. But I would like to welcome you. There's— we have cookies over here. It's great. And we have fun too. Like, people make jokes. It's fun. It's a fun time. But you—

[38:50] **Speaker C:** if—

[38:50] **Speaker A:** okay, you don't want to leave the Democrat Party, fine, fine. But you got to do something different. Your health— your healthcare is going up after all of this about, oh, immigrants need healthcare, and you know, healthcare is a right. You're not on government care, are you? You know, if you are, you hate it. You're not getting the healthcare you need. You're not getting healthcare you deserve, and they're making it more expensive. Your gas taxes are going up on July 1st. That's not Trump. That's not Iran. That's Gavin Newsom and California Democrats. Got potholes. You got reduced police in San Diego, Los Angeles, reduced firefighting in Los Angeles. That, that, well, that warehouse fire is raging right now and it's spewing chemical toxins as far south as Orange County. They don't have enough staff to take care of it. Because we've defunded the fire department. You have to vote differently, everybody. Like, this is our opportunity, and if we do it in big enough numbers, we don't have to worry about whatever fraud or whatever cheating there might be. Furthermore, if you're worried about Republicans cheating, if you're worried about President Trump coming in and cheating, then you should be advocating for voter ID. Okay? If you don't want— if you think Republicans are cheaters and you think President Trump's a cheater, Guess how we solve that? Voter ID. Easy peasy, right? And not everybody can get on board with that. And you know, the people you don't like, if you don't want them to cheat, voter ID. But the other thing you got to do is hold our politicians accountable. So don't fall for this left-right binary. It's a lie. It's a lie from the pit of hell. You don't have to vote for Democrats just because you are a Democrat. And if you are voting for Democrats, this election cycle, you're voting for more of the same. You're looking around California and you're going, yeah, I want more of this. Do you? You can afford a home. I, I— they've almost successfully bred hope out of us, and we have just accepted that this is life here in California, that it's like this. And I'm here to tell you that it's not, and we don't have to accept it. You can afford a home here. You can buy a home for a reasonable price here in California. You can buy groceries at a reasonable price. Your gas can be below $3 a gallon. Yep. You can pay rent that's under $2,000 for a studio apartment. That can happen for you. All of that can happen. You can get the car you want at a reasonable price. All of that, you can live that way. We used to live that way and it wasn't inflation. It wasn't just the normal inflationary track. Of America that brought us to this point in California. It's 16 years of one-party rule, and we don't have to live like this. And I, I want to tell you, you don't have to live like this. Like, we really can make California a place where you can afford a home that's under $700,000, right? Because right now, $700,000 is a cheap house in California. Really, your homes should be starting about between $2,000 and $450,000. That's what you're— I mean, and that's even in some places in America, $2,000 is a lot. But still, you know, and I just want to tell you that that is— it can be— it's not inevitable. And nothing is inevitable here in America. I always go back to the president on Inauguration Day, and he said In America, the impossible is what we do best. I'll never forget that. I'm gonna have that tattooed on me somewhere. In America, the impossible is what we do best. We can do it. We can get this state down to a reasonable level. And of course, we've got the sunshine here. We've got, you know, it's, it's, it's a beautiful land. It's going to be more expensive than perhaps other places in the country. But it, it doesn't have to be what it is now. It absolutely does not. I promise you, it does not. Okay, let's do, uh, let's see. Oh, I do want to talk real quick. I want to play this clip, um, number 3, and more LA news. But this is, this is a big deal, and I think it If you're, um, excuse me, if you're an edu— if you're concerned about education, public education, the parental rights movement, wrestling back education in this country, then this is a story you'll be interested in. So the LAUSD, Los Angeles Unified School District, their superintendent has been invest— under investigation by the FBI for 4 months. He still has not resigned. 4 months, and today he resigned. So let's go ahead and just play this brief clip from KTLA 5 in Los Angeles.

[44:03] **Speaker B:** Months after his San Pedro home— Corralo's decision to resign comes about 4 months after his San Pedro home and his offices here at headquarters were raided by the FBI. Now, Corralo has been superintendent since 2022, writing in his resignation letter that was released Yesterday, it was, quote, a great honor to serve you. Now we want to go to a little bit more of that resignation letter that LA Times published in part, uh, that may point to the reason why he is stepping down from his position. He says, quote, placing students first has always guided my work because I believe our schools must remain focused on students and learning without distraction. I'm resigning the superintendent of LAUSD effective today. June 21st, 2026. Now, back in late February, the FBI raided Carvalho's home and LAUSD district offices. The investigation was believed to have stemmed from Carvalho's ties to AllHere. That is a failed company that led an AI chatbot project for the LAUSD schools.

[45:07] **Speaker A:** That's creepy, right? AI chatbot. Can you imagine letting LAUSD like AI chat with your kids randomly. Well, and, and this is the other scam that's popped up in California since the, uh, internet revolution. So the superintendent before Cavallo, I can't remember his name, but he brought in iPad program. He cut a deal with, um, Apple for to give an iPad to every LAUSD student. To take home. So instead of your notebooks, you had iPads. LAUSD. Now let the public school students take iPads home. I think the final, I could be wrong, but I, it could be in the hundreds of millions, but I think it was $48 million. I think that's what they spent on it. It lasted 6 months. And then the iPads got lost, got stolen, they got hacked, 'cause they had some security protocols on them. They got hacked, they got sold. The program was a disaster, $42 million disappeared. They recalled the program. Oh, we can't do it, money's gone, money's gone, but the program's over. Alberto Cavallo comes in and they did it again. They did it again. They did it again with Google Chrome and Apple iPad, same thing, gave all these kids Google Chromebooks, and they did an iPad, um, it wasn't, it wasn't district-wide, um, and I can't remember if it was for the special ed programs, but they gave iPads out again, another $100 million again and again. All of those things got hacked, got stolen. It's a racket. It's a rat. It's money laundering. A guy named Alberto Carvalho That is not a superintendent's name. That's a mob boss name. The public, public schools in California are the mob. They are. And I think, I dare say, across the U.S., they're run by the mob. The mob is the teachers union. That's the mob. That's the old school, like, Italian mob. Only they're worse because they've been taken over by the communists. You know, the Italian mob, they had some kind of code. They didn't shoot up parks. Right? They don't come for you in front of your family. They're gonna get— put a hit on you, they do all your loan, they don't take out your family. I mean, you know, the code of honor. Honor among thieves, I guess. But there, there is some kind of structure to it, some kind of, um, code. But the Communists don't live by a code. And this is the Communists that have taken over. They've taken over Chicago. I had my friend the other day, she's from Chicago. She was like, I miss The days when the mob, it was just the mob. Like, I missed the days of the Daley family, right? At least they— yeah, they were crooked, but they were just the mob. They love Chicago, right? They, they still love the town. Yeah, they were pain in the butt, and yes, things were bad, but this, this mob is not the mob. These are the Marxists, and they're warmongers, they're thieves, they're liars, and they're perverts. This is Marxism And it's taken a foothold. This is— we really do have an issue here. Um, maybe this is another topic for another day that I want to do, but I've been saying this for a while though. We are at war. We're at war here, and Americans aren't acting like it yet. But if you're ever want— like, people are dying. If you're wondering why people are dying, it's because we're at war, and in war people die. So Carvalho has resigned, but he should have resigned 4 months ago. What was he doing in that 4 months? Probably cleaning up. The shredder was probably working overtime. And who's coming after him? Nobody different. If you want to run for school board in Los Angeles, which that district needs to be broken up, by the way, it's too big. Mine does too. I'm here in Capo Unified. It's too big. It needs to be broken up. No school district should be too big. It's— that's a monopoly. LAUSD is the largest school district in the state. To run for school board, for school board, for school board, I know you're picturing bake sales and moms in mom jeans. To run for school board in LAUSD, you gotta have $3 million in your war chest at least. To start. To start, you got to have $3 million. Why does it cost so much to run for a school board? Could it be that there's a lot of power and money and influence there? It's money laundering. I, I used to advocate for taking over the public schools. That's why I ran for school board. I now believe we have to eliminate public school. I actually believe it's nothing but a tool for the enemy, and it doesn't deliver anything good for our children. My kids barely got out by the skin of their teeth. I would not put another kid in public school at this point. I mean, by the time we got through, you know, I was like, all right, well, they're older now. I'll just have to do my work on the back end. I would not do it again. And I would— and I've already told my daughter— I don't know, but I don't talk to my son about having kids very much, uh, Yeah, that boys take longer. But my daughter, I always put it in her mind about being a wife and a mom. I talk to her and I tell her, look, you don't, don't put your kids in public school. I will either pay for private school or I will homeschool them. I'll be like the stay-at-home grandma. I'll do it, but don't do it. Don't do it. Um, LA is a pit of vipers. LAUSD is. And there is nothing— most people who can't afford it do not have their kids in school. So You don't have the cream of the crop attending public schools, and you don't have the cream of the crop running public schools, but they're all taking your money. It's absolutely absurd. Divest from the public schools in every way possible. And I don't— I'm sorry, every school year now, I don't have any more kids in public school now. Everyone's moved on. But when I was, uh, sending kids to public school, I used to hate getting that letter from the teacher about classroom school supplies. And everybody makes you feel like you're a jerk, like you're being a bitch for saying, um, why do I have to send school supplies to school with my kids for everybody? See, I— when I was a kid, you brought your own, and then the classroom had, you know, all the other papers and markers and glue and the stuff that you might need for your daily stuff the teacher had. That was provided by the school. And you brought your own pencils. Now you're not allowed to bring your own pencils, your own erasers. You have to bring enough for the class. You have to provide a pot for the class for those poor kids, I guess, that can't buy a pencil but come to school in brand new Nikes. That can't afford breakfast in the morning but are somehow 50 pounds overweight. You know? We don't— I refused. I refused. Absolutely not. Again, I don't— I feel bad for the teachers. I know they're buying their own classroom supplies. I know that. But you know what? Instead of blaming me as the mom, why don't you ask your freaking union why they just went to the mat supposedly for you last year and the year before that and the year before that, and they went on strike for 3 weeks while parents had to figure out what to do with their kids and how to fill this education time. And what did they get you? They didn't get you shit. They didn't get you anything. You're still buying classroom supplies, but you have 5 new administrative positions in the office. None of those people teach kids. None of those people go to a classroom. Why am I the bad guy? Because I don't want to keep providing for the BS that the teachers unions keep saddling us all with. I'm not the crazy person. Leo says the school board managed the money for human services. I read that somewhere in their manual or in a statute. Interesting. All the money is going to admin. Mo says all the money is going to admins and unions. Yep. Yep. Admin and unions. The administrative state here in California, I think, I'm not sure what the percentages are, but it has grown exponentially. I'll look it up. It's grown exponentially. Um, but, but we're losing students. We're losing students and gaining administrators. Isn't that crazy? By the way, um, I didn't pull this story, but I just read this the other day. You might be interested to know what's going on at the Department of Education in Washington, D.C. Now, it takes an act of Congress to eliminate a full department. Congress is— they can't even pass the SAVE Act. They're not willing to do this. But Linda McMahon has been doing her part. To dismantle the power of the Department of Education. One of the things that they have done is they have stripped out the— which department was it? It might have been one of the research departments or scholarship, one of the departments anyway. They stripped it out. It doesn't exist at the Department of Education anymore. They put it under the Department of Justice. So we're just gonna eliminate this department and fold the rest of the employees that, you know, that we might need for records keeping and stuff. They're just going over the DOJ. And that's how you do it. You got to just start dismantling everything. I was running for school— but this is why they weren't going to let me win— but when I was running for school board, that was one of the things I was going to do. I was going to like start advocating. I know you can't get in there and then just change anything on your own. You're part of a board, I get that. But I do think of myself as a leader, and I do think of myself as very influential, and I can convince people to do a lot. And I really did have it in my mind that I would be pretty influential or pretty convincing. And that could just be overconfidence. Uh, that's, uh, my Achilles heel and my, my greatest asset, I guess. But I was going to go in there and start—

[55:24] **Speaker B:** I—

[55:24] **Speaker A:** the first thing I wanted to do was fire all the lawyers. Fire all the lawyers. And you got to have lawyers, so you hire new ones, but you hire ones that are actually citizens and not just administrators that happen to have law degrees and they put there just to rubber stamp everything. I was going to fire the lawyers. I was going to take apart a lot of these CRT and DEI special commissions, special groups that we had put up. Like, that's what I had planned on doing. Like, everywhere that we had erected some kind of new, um, you know, group or committee, I was just going to advocate to tear that down. We don't need it. Um, That's the way forward. We have to pare down government. We can still do this. We can still do this with the right people. All right, I, I'm running out of time, but before we have to go, I do want to talk about this pool, the reflecting pool story. Let's, let's do number 5. Actually, no, sorry, Scott, let's do 4. Let's do 4. Let's do 4. And this is Donald Trump today in the Oval Office. Don't you just love that you hear from the president all day, every day? You never have to guess what that man is thinking. I know that the left wants you to believe that he's like out of his mind, he's falling asleep, and I don't know, maybe sometimes he is falling asleep. Like some— I've seen some pictures, but they're still photos, right? You can't depend on that stuff, but they're still photos. But sometimes you see him, he's got his eyes closed and I have just often wondered when President Trump sleeps because I know he's making calls all night in the middle of the night. I have friends who have gotten calls from Trump in the middle of the night on the East Coast. Do you know that when he called Steve Hilton to give him the endorsement, and Steve's told this story, so I know that I'm okay to tell it, he, he called Steve at 1:30 in the morning, East Coast time, 1:30 in the morning. And talked to him for an hour. Steve didn't call him. He didn't ask for the phone call. Steve didn't go to President Trump for the endorsement. None of that. Trump just called him out of the blue, 1:30 in the morning, talked to him for an hour. So I feel like, yeah, I don't know when Trump sleeps, but maybe he is one of those very rare human beings with the superpower that he only needs to like catnap. Maybe sometimes he is catnapping in the Oval Office, but you'll note he does not shorten those meetings at all. And, uh, I don't know, I think it would be a great privilege to work for the president. It would be a great privilege to stand in the Oval Office with him, but I don't know if I am made for it. I don't know if I have what it takes, because you got to be able to stand behind him for like hours while he sits in that chair comfy at It's just he really puts people through the wringer. Anywho, all right, let's play this clip of President Trump in the Oval Office today talking about the reflecting pool. Of course, the reporters are asking him, you know, why he sucks so much and why he has totally failed fixing the reflecting pool.

[58:40] **Speaker C:** Vandalism, you know, we have 100 and we have a I think 290, 300-foot slit right through it, probably a box cutter or a knife of some kind. Well, we had people lifting up the basic, uh, some of the— but it's not a lot of damage, but it's— we'll probably have to let the water out and refix it. They went in there with, with a knife. Uh, I was just told by the, uh, by the people over at Parks, they have 5 people are arrested. And 5 people are under investigation right now. And it's a sad thing. In addition to that, they, you know, we put brand new beautiful grass all around. They put these massive letters on the grass. Vandalism. Vandalism. You know, we have 100 and we have—

[59:31] **Speaker A:** I have, I, I have seen the left fall too. New lows ever since last year, or two, I guess it's 2026 now, ever since election night, in ways that I never thought possible. And I never in a million years realize— could have predicted, could have predicted the pro-Phil, pro-Algeela The, their level of obsession with hating Donald Trump is sick. It is sick. It's perverted. And what's fur— what furthermore, the mainstream media's obsession with wanting Trump to be wrong so badly that they want us to live in filth. They don't want you to have nice things. That's what I was telling you in the beginning. Let's bring this full circle. When I was telling you about how you— the Jennifer Siebel Newsoms of the world, the First Partners of the world, they're going to tell you you can be a single mom, you don't— you can, you, you can live in a 15-minute city, you don't need to drive your gas-powered car, you don't need to fly first class, you don't need to travel and do all this stuff. But that's how they live. Same thing, all these people, they don't want filth in their neighborhood, they don't want things that, you know, monuments, things they've paid for that aren't working or that are covered in graffiti. They don't want that. They don't live in those places. The wealthy elite in Washington, D.C. do not live near buildings that are full of graffiti. They don't live in the graffiti buildings, and neither does the mainstream media. And they are so desperate to find algae.

[61:17] **Speaker B:** If they—

[61:17] **Speaker A:** can you imagine how different our experience in the Biden administration would have been if they had spent Like, not even a quarter, 0.5% of the time that they have spent on the algae in the reflecting pool on investigating Joe Biden. It's absurd, and they think we don't see it. That's the worst part. They're like, it's like, it's like when your kid, you know, your, your, your, your kids are children, they're really little, and they've done something wrong, and you're like, oh, little Bobby, did you break that cookie jar? And he like hides behind like a little cup. You know, he's like, if you can't see me, I'm hiding behind this cup. That's how Democrats are. They're like those little kids hiding behind little poles and cups and thinking, if I can't see you, you can't see me. We see you. We see you. You guys look crazy. You're insane. We cannot— this— I, I have been saying this forever. We cannot come together with them. That's no more. That is no longer. And that is why I am telling you, it is not left versus right. I'm using terms, I'm using those terms, I'm using left wing. It is not left versus right, it is us versus them. It is the pro-America crowd versus the anti-America crowd. And the ant— and, and that's a big tent on both sides. It's a big tent. You can be Democrat and pro-America. You can be— I mean, my goodness, we've got quite a few anti-Americans on the right. As we speak, right? You can be that too. So this isn't left versus right, it's us versus them. What kind of America do you want to live in? What kind of a person are you that you would go down to the Reflecting Pool in Washington, DC, get in it and cut it just to what? To what? Because you don't want Donald Trump to have the win of fixing the reflecting pool. It blows my mind. There are no words for it. But then I'll end with this. This is why we cannot let these people win in November. And I get it. And I agree with you, Trump. I was talking to my son about this yesterday. We both agree Trump needs to wrap up the Iran thing now. And I know that he— I get it. Trump has always said, I only do what's right. I'm not thinking about the polling. I'm not thinking But I know he's thinking about November. And if he doesn't wrap up Iran, a lot of us are going to be perturbed and that's going to squash that vote in November. So I actually do think we'll be done by November because I just, I think Trump knows. But we cannot, I don't care what your other beats are with the administration. We cannot, we cannot let the left take power again. We cannot. Not in '24 and not in '20— excuse me, not in '26 and not in '28. Then we can see when we get 4 or 5 years of, of normal America, we can see if they're behaved enough to where we can, you know, take these risks. And I'm sure Republicans will overstep and, you know, there'll be a bounce back, all of that. But we cannot let these people win. It's just It cannot happen. I don't care what your beef is with Trump or Vance or Rubio. It cannot happen. We have got to win because if we lose, that reflecting pool is going to be us, right? They're going to come back with their knives and their algae and their filth and their pollutants and their grossness and their perversion and they're going to dump it all over us. And then they're going to slice us so that we can't fix it ever again. That's what they're going to do to us. So you decide, what America do you want to live in? Do you want to live in the America where you can go see— you can go to the— go to our Capitol and see beautiful, lovely monuments? Or do you want to live in the America where, where, uh, lonely, single, fat, acne septum-wearing white liberal women hop into the reflecting pool to dump pee and poop and algae into it just to make a point. Which America do you want to live in? All right, let me know. I think this is a good time to end it. Uh, I want to thank everybody who stopped by. Leo, thank you. Yes. Thanks for coming by. Thank you, Mo. Thank you, Flav. I only saw you for a few minutes, Flav, but we won't hold it against you. Thank you to everybody. Please make sure you're signed up everywhere. If you just subscribe, whatever channel you're watching this on, subscribe to it. You never miss a thing. Go check out our back episodes. Um, yeah, follow me. You know, the best thing you can do is to follow me on at just Kira Davis, and then sign up for my Substack, justkieradavis.com. And then that takes you to everything else, including my Christmas podcast. I have a Christmas all year round podcast, it's called Journey to Christmasland. My bestie Amelia and I, we review cheesy Christmas Hallmark movies. Sometimes, like, it's summer, we'll do a summer movie now, but it's all Christmasland. To our mind, it's all Christmasland. Everything takes place in Christmasland. The magical land of Hallmark movies. We do Great American Family too. Hallmark's getting woke, so we had to expand. But if you get tired of the politics and you just want to have some fun, head over to Journey to Christmasland with Amelia and Kira. Um, you can find that on Substack, YouTube, everywhere you find your podcasts. And you don't even have to watch the movies. We just— you'll have fun listening to us talk about it because we do, we get— we make fun of them, but lovingly. So if you want a break from all that And I'm getting ready to go to America 250. My husband and I are going to DC for the 4th, so pray for us because you know there's going to be some loony stuff popping off. I'm really excited though, um, to celebrate America with my fellow Americans in our nation's capital. And, um, I'm from DC— I'm from Canada, but my dad was from DC, and so, um, I have some old stomping grounds. I'm gonna go and go see my old school. I take my husband over to my middle school, Stuart Hobson Middle School. It's all gentrified now. When I lived there, it was a ghetto. It's all gentrified now, but we'll go over there, um, and I'll take pictures. And I actually applied for some media credentials there, so maybe I can get some interviews and stuff. We'll see. All right, well, thanks for hanging out, you guys. Um, I'll catch you tomorrow. We'll be back tomorrow with the live show. And until we meet again, don't forget that sunlight is the best disinfectant. So bring on the sunshine.
