# Episode 4659: Tony Katz Today Hour 2 - 06/22/26

**Show:** Tony Katz Today
**Date Published:** 2026-06-22
**Date Found:** 2026-06-22
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/tony-katz-today-1/episode-4659-tony-katz-today-hour-2-06-22-26?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 36 minutes

## Summary

This 36-minute episode of Tony Katz Today mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Tony Katz Today

## Key Moment

> "Hangin' out at the pool is great. Relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the same time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other. It's all at SpinQuest. Over 1,000 games including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with this summer special. New players get $30 coin packs for $10 at spinquest.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. Live from the heartland and the crossroads of America. It's Tony Katz today. Nothing has changed amongst the political left. They are still supporting a Nazi in Maine. They are proactively voting for a Nazi in Maine. They are down for voting for Nazi in Maine. Nothing here has changed. Tony Katz, Tony Katz today. Good to be with you. Now, if you ask me what, what brings this up, for what purpose is this coming up again? The purpose is to show you just how deep the depravity really goes. And to engage that, we have to discuss Ro Khanna, the Democrat socialist from California, whom for a while there we could at least respect that he was a believer in free speech, right? There was a moment there that he was a free speech guy. You're like, well, I can at least appreciate somebody who's a free speech guy. It's the only thing to appreciate about him. His support of, of, of Graham Plattner. Sorry. His support of going after those who recognize that ending a terrorist regime is a good thing to do. His unwillingness to say out loud, we should not be people by any stretch of the imagination who think that the politics should outweigh rationality, normalcy, decency, or the American way of life. But as we have seen from the political left, it is so much of that constant and consistent of that, that there is no interest at all of saying that, you know what, we're not going to change, uh, the fundamentals of the country. They work. We're going to utilize them to better advantage. They— when they talk about— it's like when, when Obama talked about fundamentally changing the United States, uh, he meant it and this group, group of socialists, they absolutely positively mean it. So we start where we start. We start with this conversation about Zohran Mamdani, where Mamdani has gone full bigot, full despicable bigot. And this is a speech that he gave in support of a guy by the name of Brad Lander. Brad Lander is a Democrat running for Congress against Dan Goldman. It's the primary. You cannot think of anybody more to the left than Dan Goldman. Dan Goldman, who was an impeachment manager. Dan Goldman, who every time he's doing an interview, he looks like it's a hostage video. There's— there doesn't matter what the subject, he can find a way to blame Trump. Not a guy worth liking. But he might somewhere, somehow be supportive of Israel's existence. So he's got to go. And in New York, speaking at an event for Brad Lander and a bunch of other socialist lowlifes, Mondani said this. And we need that because as Gramsci once wrote, The old world is dying and the new world struggles to be born. Now is the time of monsters. These monsters take many forms today. In those who fund television ads that blanket the airwaves with misleading and bad faith attacks about Claire, Brad, and Darry. Those who would rather spend far more on political contributions than they would ever be made to pay in taxes. An AIPAC for whom the only thing more frightening than democracy being allowed to run its course is an end to genocide and Netanyahu's wars. So let's talk about this. First, who is Gramsci? Gramsci is Antonio Gramsci, and Antonio Gramsci was a communist who was jailed by Benito Mussolini. So Mussolini is a fascist and jailed a communist. Now understand that fascism is nothing more than a tool, and it's utilized by communists, but let's not split hairs for the sake of the conversation. And so there is a, a saying that is attributed to him about this idea that the new world is dying— the old world is dying and a new world struggles to be born. It's, it's, it's a really a, uh, a misread of what he actually said but leave it to be something that communists like Zoran Momdani utilize. The old world is capitalism and the new world is his communism. And in that line, the old world is, is dying, um, and the new world is struggling to be born. It is followed up with this line about monsters. And in this, this line says, now is the time of monsters. Again, this is a bit of a misread of the original quote, but neither here nor there. Now is the time of monsters is the reference that, that, that Gramsci made to the fascists. And in Zoran Mandani's speech, as you just heard it, he made it to AIPAC. Jews. Now, I don't give a good holy damn what you think about AIPAC. Americans involved in their political system is fine by me. There are all sorts of groups doing all sorts of things, and I'm far more concerned about the Qatari lobbying pricing and what they're spending versus Americans. AIPAC is a boogeyman. It isn't the problem. You're certainly allowed to disagree with them. They are not the end of the world. This is Olinsky: pick the target, personalize it, freeze it, and polarize it. And That's what these Jew-hating commie bastards do day in and day out. Oh, I'm sorry. We— did I not give a little bit of a warning here? Yeah, we are holding back nothing. Zohra Mamdani is a communist and a lowlife, and so is his commie lowlife wife who celebrated October 7th. I was on Newsmax. This was earlier today, actually, and this got brought up, and I want to— I wanted to share it with you because I got a little more direct in the conversation, as I am sometimes known to do. I was on with Cheryl Chumley, who's the online editor for, uh, the Washington Times. She was lovely. And I think it's Shannon Kake there asking me the questions. He was on Bill Maher. He was speaking very highly of Zohra Mamdani. But, but Maher, he reminded him really of what Mamdani's message truly is, what he stands for. Listen to this. Ro Khanna, the Democrat, the guy who believes that we should tax Elon Musk 5%. Have you not heard this? Oh, Elon Musk is now a trillionaire, so if we tax him 5%, well, then he can still make all that money back in the market, and then we could fund child care for forever, or whatever his line was. His entire argument is that guy has too much money because, uh, Ro Khanna decided he has too much money, we should tax him. Do you think that's the system of government, or is that a system of targeting? Is that a system of attack? Did you know that Ro Khanna has a family net worth of $200 million? I did not know this. According to David Friedberg, if he made a voluntary contribution of 5% of the family's $200 million net worth, Uh, you would be able to, uh, have like child care for over 1,000 California kids for a year. They'd have free health care. Why doesn't he do it? Instead, he wants attack. He wants to target. He wants to seize what other people have, just like a good communist does. Remember something They're all communists. They're all violent because communism is violence, because communism is about taking. They take what is yours because they have decided it's for the good of the people, and you don't have a say on it. All you have to do is stare down the barrel of their gun and then hand over what they believe is theirs. They're taking it from you. All communists are thieves. All communists are liars. All communists are violent at all Times. Ro Khanna wants to target Elon Musk at 5%. So he wants to do— wants to target him 5%. So, uh, Bill Maher has him on the show, and Bill Maher is, uh, kind of not impressed with Ro Khanna and the things that he's talking about regarding Zohran Mamdani. Like, people want to hear from Andy Beshear, from Mamdani, from Pete Buttigieg. There are a lot of a lot of great people in the next generation. Thank you for your service. You've had your time. Let a new generation— you think Mamdani is a great one, huh? I do. I mean, did you see his Nick speech? I mean, the issue that most concerned me— it doesn't make me forget that his wife loved October 7th attack on Israel and that he pals around with terrorists. Tony, didn't you hear his Nick speech? Is that the best he's got now? Before we get into my answer, there on Newsmax from earlier today, Ro Khanna supports a Nazi in Graham Plattner. Ro Khanna, like Cory Booker, is like, yeah, he's done some bad things, but man, do we really need to win the Senate? They value power over people and control over country. They have zero standards. Now, that's what they say about you and me regarding Trump. The difference could have been we don't elect people like that. We don't even nominate people like that. That's over. The difference is you called Trump a Nazi for a decade. It was never true. It was always a lie. And you didn't give a damn that you lied. Now you actively support a Nazi and you tell us it doesn't matter. I'm sorry, that's lower. Trump made fun of a reporter. Trump made fun of this former president. Trump this, Trump that. What you did, political left, is lower, or at the very least equal. So there's no more high horse. And I'm going to keep reminding people that you're willing to vote for a Nazi, and Ro Khanna is proactively supporting a communist. And his disgusting commie wife who celebrates the murder of 1,200 Israelis and others on October 7th. Thus I answered. I would have, but I was too busy being next to somebody stealing garbage cans that were painted blue and orange, so I didn't get the chance to hear everything. Forgive my bluntness. Zoran Momdani is a Jew-hating bigot. His speech just the other day where he tries to crib Gramsci and basically calls AIPAC monsters like it was the communists under fascist Mussolini referring to the fascists as monsters. This is a despicable human being, his wife equally despicable. And I'm Jewish, I certainly don't speak for all Jews, but the Jews who keep voting for liberals vote for their own demise and their own destruction. Brad Lander is a man who should be absolutely ashamed of who he is, how he's acted in this New York election. To support Mondani is to support the destruction of not only, uh, Jews across the world but of Western civilization in toto. The support of Democratic socialists has to end. You're voting for bad things bad people. Bill Maher is right, there's nothing to celebrate here, and Ro Khanna is just another guy adding on to the support of really evil people. The only thing I said wrong in there, and, uh, I was glad that Sheryl Chumlee over at, uh, Washington Times, uh, said so: there's no such thing as a Democratic socialist. They're all communists. They're all communists. They're— she referred to— you call them Marxists, you can call them communists. They're communists. You've heard me say it a million times, and somehow in, in there I used Democratic Socialist, and I was wrong for that. He's a scumbag, and so is his wife, and I don't give a damn who's happy, who said, who's upset. Makes no difference. Facts are facts. 1,200 people get murdered, you're like, good, okay, you're, you're low. You are absolutely low. This is what Ro Khanna supports. Ro Khanna is a lowlife. This is the party. This is who they are. And one of the things that we have to stop doing— stop sending your kids to these colleges, stop sending your kids to these liberal schools, stop sending them to the private schools that support the liberal leftist agenda. Love your kid more. My friends are there. So what? I play sports there. So what? It is your mind I am concerned with. You can play sports in other places, you'll make other friends. They are poisoning you, and I simply won't have it. Stop supporting these institutions that are built out to have your children hate you and hate where they live and hate who they are. Parents have to be parents. Don't worry about whether or not your kids like you at the moment. Worry about creating children and turning them into adults who have minds and who are free. I didn't realize this was so tough. The honesty part, that's pretty easy. Keep it here. This is Tony Katz. Today, did you know that there is a fire going on in Los Angeles? I'm sorry, did you know that there was another fire going on in Los Angeles? Tony Katz, Tony Katz today, a pleasure to be with you guys, live streaming on YouTube, on Rumble, on X. Just look for Tony Katz wherever you are, whatever platform you're on, Facebook, Tony Katz Radio, and be a part of it. So there is a warehouse in Los Angeles that has been burning for 5 days and it's still burning. Boyle Heights is the area, um, They're issuing air quality warnings, all sorts of things. Schools on the east side are going to relocate to other locations. Now what's happening here? The crews, fire crews, have actually removed sections of exterior walls so they can get access to it, but they cannot stop it. Now this is different. I know people are going to say this is just like the Palisades fires all over again. This isn't the Palisades fires all over again. Just so we're clear, the Palisades fires existed because of absolutely horrific policies regarding the removal of brush. Oh, we have to keep the wildlife wild. Anybody who has ever driven on Mulholland— I lived in Los Angeles for quite a few years— knows that if one match was lit, everybody was going to die. It's amazing that no one died, but it was a tinderbox. Gorgeous, beautiful tinderbox. Of course it should have been handled. And fire lines, right? Where you clear out sections of brush so the fire doesn't have place to move. Maybe it could jump the line, but that would be harder to do— wind blowing, etc. You would at least be stopping the fuel. Important stuff. The Palisades fires happened because they did not keep water in the reservoirs. They did not have a team that was trained. They hired for woke as opposed to realistic. They didn't hire firefighters. They hired people who played like firefighters, but because they were able to check boxes, they got the gig. This is different. There are times when the area that has the fire is able to have a continual, uh, feed of, of fuel and of oxygen, and you have a heat buildup, and these things need to at times work themselves through— controlled, but they will work themselves through. Is it awful? I'm not saying no. Is it something we will find later that could have been handled by the, the LA FD and by Mayor Bass if they had done this, if they had done that? Yes, and I don't leave that out. But at the first, at the first, the, the, the key is recognizing that just because something's happening doesn't mean it connects to the other thing that happened. This could be— it could be have something to do with the warehouse, but it's not necessarily the fault of firefighters. It shouldn't be blamed. And as much as Karen Bass is terrible, I don't know if I can go at her at the first. The fact that Los Angeles is willing to vote for again? Well, I don't actually care what happens with their fires. They clearly like this, and they like how Karen Bass responds. So that's that. I'm Tony Katz. 3 more things. Tony Katz. Tony Katz today. Good to be here. Good to be with you. What are 3 more things? These are stories that should be front page news, but because of all the front page news, it is not front page news. Don't forget, catchthebadguys.com. Your video cameras, their AI. How about stopping the before they're able to do damage and take your money and waste your time. Stop the bad guys by doing catchthebadguys.com. Catch the bad guys. You can do it. Dot com. Catchthebadguys.com. Get with them. Now let's start where we start. We don't have a deal with Iran. We allegedly have some conversations going on with, uh, Iran. And I don't think those conversations are going to mean anything. I'm not quite sure why anybody at all, in any way and in any place, is engaged with the idea, believing in the idea that yes, we're gonna have peace in our time. As a matter of fact, I'm amazed nobody has quoted Neville Chamberlain, not knowing anything about history. But we don't have anything. We have alleged conversations, and we have this belief that somehow it's all going to come together and we're doing good work, as if somehow, as if somehow magically, the Iranians are going to follow through. That's just not going to be the case. But we'll leave it there. We don't have anything new to report. We only have the vice president telling us that there's been a lot of good conversations and there's been a lot of good results that have come out and great progress. And oh my gosh, the Iranians have agreed to allow IAEA inspectors into the country. IAEA inspectors were in the country when we had the JCPOA, and they still, they still work their way towards a nuclear weapon. So don't really care too much about what it is— that we're saying. The words mean nothing. The actions mean everything. Me, I want to put an end to the terrorist regime, and that would be better for everybody. But, uh, JD Vance doesn't see the world the way I do, which is pretty dang awful because he should. Then there's the story of Democrat Senator Ruben Gallego, who was super close pals with Eric Swalwell. Yeah, it's getting worse for him by the second. At 5:30, Senator Ruben Gallego is under a microscope tonight, accused of using campaign donations as his personal piggy bank. An investigation by Politico looked into records showing Gallego was spending campaign funds to pay for family trips, going to places like Miami, Chicago, and Disneyland, along with more than $18,000 on childcare. Federal law allows politicians to use campaign money for travel and childcare, but only if it conflicts with actual fundraising events. Gallego's office calls the spending common practice among both parties to account for the rising cost of child care. What about Disney? If child care involves Disney, we are all running for public office immediately, if not sooner. There are people who are not able to take their kids to Disney ever. They simply can't afford it. They can't afford the rising costs. And Ruben Gallego is like, well, I needed Minnie to watch the kids. You know, I forget who put this out on social media. Someone just responded to this with drip, drip, drip, because the feel was, was that there's so much about Gallego, so much, because he was so connected to Swalwell, like vacations. There's a picture of the two of them shirtless on a camel. Admittedly, they're each on their own camel because that would have been a different photo, but they're, they're there. I have ridden a camel before. Shirt was on. Shirt was on. If I ride a camel again in the future, just letting you know, shirt's on. I believe when riding a camel, one should always wear a shirt. I know, I know, I'm old school like that. Uh, Ruben Gallego, it is It is the drip, drip, drip. He's— he is in such a bad place. I'm actually amazed that it took this long. Absolutely amazed. But now what you're saying is, Tony, I'm confused. I'm confused. Um, why in the world would the left go after a guy on the left? It's a great question. Great question, and I'm going to give you part of an answer. The part of the answer is for the same reason they went after Eric Swalwell. They were allowed to. Eric Swalwell was going to keep— was going to be a problem. Eric Swalwell was going to possibly lose a general election to a Republican. And they needed to ensure that he was out to allow another Democrat to rise up. So they took the information they already had about him, they took the information they knew about him, and they said it's time to end his career. It's time for Eric to go write his book now. And they let it loose. That's why they let it loose, because they knew that they were allowed to, that this was the positioning and this was the moment. Why do you think they allowed all that bad stuff to happen? All that stuff with the Spy Fang Bang? All of this with the women and the allegations and etc. They allowed it to happen because, well, he was still a hard leftist and he was still a reliable vote and there wasn't anybody else to run better. And we'll just keep this in our back pocket and we'll keep denying it, we'll keep suppressing it. But if the moment comes, boom, we lay it out there and we're done with him. Sacrificial. Next, Ruben Gallego. Might need to be a sacrifice in the future. The connection to Swalwell means that certain things are fair game. You can't stop it. Even Politico, which certainly does not lean, uh, my way politically, Even a Swalwell or even Politico has to realize that the connection to Swalwell means that he has opened himself up to certain things, and it's going to mean good clicks, and it's going to be salacious. That's just the way it is. It's just the way it goes. It's like those candidates, uh, or those members of Congress who have decided, uh, to endorse Graham Plattner. I was talking about this earlier. This is Cory Booker on NBC News. Graham Plattner is a Nazi, and Cory Booker supports Nazis. Now, Cory Booker is not going to like that I said that, so I want to make sure I say it clear. Cory Booker, the senator from New Jersey, supports Nazis. Tony Katz said so. And anytime the senator from New Jersey would like to discuss it, I'm more than willing to go back to my Middletown, New Jersey roots and have a conversation with him. Was that clear? Was there any— producer Landon, no questions? We understood what I said there? We're all good? I believe so, yes. Yeah, okay, just making sure we're all good and we're all set. This was Cory Booker. To elect a new leader is in Maine. We have a competitive contest. Democrats just nominated Graham Plattner despite past offensive comments about a tattoo associated— or past offensive comments. He's got this tattoo that's associated with the Nazi Nazi symbol. He also said he didn't understand its meaning. He's covered it up. And he's also faced allegations from former girlfriends of abusive behavior. He has faced a bunch of allegations of abusive behavior. It wasn't an alleged or connected to Nazi tattoo. It's a Totenkopf. It's a sign of the SS. And the guy likes to enjoy himself in porta-potties and wishes American soldiers dead. That's Graham Plattner. Nazi, and Cory Booker, why are you supporting him, asks NBC. See the point? Even NBC is now allowed to ask these questions, and it's really under the guise of, well, we're an honest journalistic outfit. They don't go the next step, which is pushing 9,000 stories about why Graham Plattner is a Nazi and should not be in the Senate. Instead, they allow answers like this, which he denies. Do you think Graham Plattner has the character to serve in the United States Senate? Well, this is what campaigns are for. He certainly has a lot of issues and a lot of questions to answer and address. And I think the people of Maine are going to give a lot of examination to this going through in this election. For me, I certainly hope we pick up a seat here. We— for me and people of the state of New Jersey, dear God, we need to get the Senate back so we can start checking this out-of-control president. See, You see, it's okay. It's okay to vote for a Nazi because then we get control of the Senate and that's somehow better. That's a legit answer that Democrats give every single day. And the press goes, sounds great. Let's go to commercial break. That is amazing stuff. And that's why Ruben Gallego, the senator from Arizona, is now fair game. That's why. Also, let it be out there and he takes some hits and it gets forgotten about, we move on. But when we need it, we drop it down, we drop it down right on his head. Then there is this team in the Atlantic League, the York Revolution. They are in Pennsylvania. And they are forfeiting a game. They play baseball and they are forfeiting the game because the team had scheduled a Pride night and the players refused to wear the LGBTQ-themed jersey. Good. This Pride stuff is over. Let this be the last Pride Month. As a matter of fact, Pride Month is over early this year. I just declared it so. I, I actually, I have no power to do so. I've just, just decided that I was going to do so because, I mean, what, you can make a month up? I can decide the month is, is if we're going to be done with it early. We, we, we've said all we're going to say and it's over. Done. Finished. Good on these players. You do not have to participate in the humiliation ritual. You do not have to in any way be part of this nonsense. You don't have to play the pride game. There is no pride to have in the T, ladies gentlemen. None. There's no pride in supporting mental disorders, and there is no pride in the abuse of children that many of— not only the people who support this stuff engage in— not— I'm not saying you have to be LGBT anything to support it, but there are plenty of people who support that stuff. They support the mutilation of children. If you think I'm gonna have pride in that, you're out of your damn minds. These people are violent, terrible people. You're seeing hospital groups end their transition stuff and now work on detransitioning. I would still close these hospitals. We don't need them, don't want them. I wouldn't let the— either doctors who engage in these practices— these are barbarians. They shouldn't be allowed to practice medicine, not for a second, not a chance. Very, very happy, very happy to see these people standing up. This is good, good stuff. You know what else is good? Protecting your identity, which is getting more and more impossible. Because if you go to the DMV and you get your new photo, the DMV is— they're selling your information, your address, your accident history, court records. It's getting exposed to hundreds of companies. The state is making money. You're the customer at that moment, but you're also the product that's being sold. And then the data broker takes that info from the DMV, and then they get your credit score and your shopping habits, your social media. And that's how the digital file gets created, and it gets sold, and it gets sold to insurance companies, and they raise your rates, and they get sold the scammers. Well, you know what happens there. Incogni fights back for you. Incogni, I-N-C-O-G-N-I. They contact hundreds of data brokers and they legally demand your information be deleted. And if somehow your information's still floating around out there, you send Incogni the link and they'll take care of it. The team handles the takedown. Incogni empowers you to take your data back. Get 60% off with Incogni. Go to incogni.com/katz, K-A-T-Z, my last name. Get 60% off. incogni.com/katz. Take back your privacy. Go to Incogni right now. I-N-C-O-G-N-I, incogni.com/katz. This is Tony Katz Today. So I, um, for a long time have had a segment on the show called the Worst Headline of the Day. Uh, this one may be the dumbest. Tony Katz, Tony Katz today. This is from Fox 2 KTVU. Autoglass repair businesses suffer as Oakland break-ins decline. Oh my, you mean the guys who replace glass in cars have a business slowdown because less people are breaking into cars. And that's, that's a headline because that's a problem. This is Bastiat. This is broken window fallacy, right? It's, it's the story, uh, kids are playing a ball on, on a street and the ball goes through the, uh, the baker's window and the baker comes out, he's so angry, and the people say, whoa, whoa, whoa, because this boy did this 'Now the, the window guy has a job. Isn't that great?' If breaking windows created jobs and created income, then everybody in Antifa and Black Lives Matter in Minneapolis would, would be cheered as the greatest job creators in the history of the universe. But doesn't create jobs. It creates what Bastiat described as the seen and the unseen. Here you are paying out for the window, and yet we don't see what you could have done instead. And what this outlet is saying is— Jesse Gary reporting— well, these businesses are slowing down because we have less crime. Don't you know that that's a problem? How about a story about how much other things might be growing because people keep their money and maybe spend it on other things? Good Lord. Tony Katz today."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "Hangin' out at the pool is great. Relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the same time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other. It's all at SpinQuest. Over 1,000 games including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with this summer special. New players get $30 coin packs for $10 at spinquest.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. Live from the heartland and the crossroads of America. It's Tony Katz today. Nothing has changed amongst the political left. They are still supporting a Nazi in Maine. They are proactively voting for a Nazi in Maine. They are down for voting for Nazi in Maine. Nothing here has changed. Tony Katz, Tony Katz today. Good to be with you. Now, if you ask me what, what brings this up, for what purpose is this coming up again? The purpose is to show you just how deep the depravity really goes. And to engage that, we have to discuss Ro Khanna, the Democrat socialist from California, whom for a while there we could at least respect that he was a believer in free speech, right? There was a moment there that he was a free speech guy. You're like, well, I can at least appreciate somebody who's a free speech guy. It's the only thing to appreciate about him. His support of, of, of Graham Plattner. Sorry. His support of going after those who recognize that ending a terrorist regime is a good thing to do. His unwillingness to say out loud, we should not be people by any stretch of the imagination who think that the politics should outweigh rationality, normalcy, decency, or the American way of life. But as we have seen from the political left, it is so much of that constant and consistent of that, that there is no interest at all of saying that, you know what, we're not going to change, uh, the fundamentals of the country. They work. We're going to utilize them to better advantage. They— when they talk about— it's like when, when Obama talked about fundamentally changing the United States, uh, he meant it and this group, group of socialists, they absolutely positively mean it. So we start where we start. We start with this conversation about Zohran Mamdani, where Mamdani has gone full bigot, full despicable bigot. And this is a speech that he gave in support of a guy by the name of Brad Lander. Brad Lander is a Democrat running for Congress against Dan Goldman. It's the primary. You cannot think of anybody more to the left than Dan Goldman. Dan Goldman, who was an impeachment manager. Dan Goldman, who every time he's doing an interview, he looks like it's a hostage video. There's— there doesn't matter what the subject, he can find a way to blame Trump. Not a guy worth liking. But he might somewhere, somehow be supportive of Israel's existence. So he's got to go. And in New York, speaking at an event for Brad Lander and a bunch of other socialist lowlifes, Mondani said this. And we need that because as Gramsci once wrote, The old world is dying and the new world struggles to be born. Now is the time of monsters. These monsters take many forms today. In those who fund television ads that blanket the airwaves with misleading and bad faith attacks about Claire, Brad, and Darry. Those who would rather spend far more on political contributions than they would ever be made to pay in taxes. An AIPAC for whom the only thing more frightening than democracy being allowed to run its course is an end to genocide and Netanyahu's wars. So let's talk about this. First, who is Gramsci? Gramsci is Antonio Gramsci, and Antonio Gramsci was a communist who was jailed by Benito Mussolini. So Mussolini is a fascist and jailed a communist. Now understand that fascism is nothing more than a tool, and it's utilized by communists, but let's not split hairs for the sake of the conversation. And so there is a, a saying that is attributed to him about this idea that the new world is dying— the old world is dying and a new world struggles to be born. It's, it's, it's a really a, uh, a misread of what he actually said but leave it to be something that communists like Zoran Momdani utilize. The old world is capitalism and the new world is his communism. And in that line, the old world is, is dying, um, and the new world is struggling to be born. It is followed up with this line about monsters. And in this, this line says, now is the time of monsters. Again, this is a bit of a misread of the original quote, but neither here nor there. Now is the time of monsters is the reference that, that, that Gramsci made to the fascists. And in Zoran Mandani's speech, as you just heard it, he made it to AIPAC. Jews. Now, I don't give a good holy damn what you think about AIPAC. Americans involved in their political system is fine by me. There are all sorts of groups doing all sorts of things, and I'm far more concerned about the Qatari lobbying pricing and what they're spending versus Americans. AIPAC is a boogeyman. It isn't the problem. You're certainly allowed to disagree with them. They are not the end of the world. This is Olinsky: pick the target, personalize it, freeze it, and polarize it. And That's what these Jew-hating commie bastards do day in and day out. Oh, I'm sorry. We— did I not give a little bit of a warning here? Yeah, we are holding back nothing. Zohra Mamdani is a communist and a lowlife, and so is his commie lowlife wife who celebrated October 7th. I was on Newsmax. This was earlier today, actually, and this got brought up, and I want to— I wanted to share it with you because I got a little more direct in the conversation, as I am sometimes known to do. I was on with Cheryl Chumley, who's the online editor for, uh, the Washington Times. She was lovely. And I think it's Shannon Kake there asking me the questions. He was on Bill Maher. He was speaking very highly of Zohra Mamdani. But, but Maher, he reminded him really of what Mamdani's message truly is, what he stands for. Listen to this. Ro Khanna, the Democrat, the guy who believes that we should tax Elon Musk 5%. Have you not heard this? Oh, Elon Musk is now a trillionaire, so if we tax him 5%, well, then he can still make all that money back in the market, and then we could fund child care for forever, or whatever his line was. His entire argument is that guy has too much money because, uh, Ro Khanna decided he has too much money, we should tax him. Do you think that's the system of government, or is that a system of targeting? Is that a system of attack? Did you know that Ro Khanna has a family net worth of $200 million? I did not know this. According to David Friedberg, if he made a voluntary contribution of 5% of the family's $200 million net worth, Uh, you would be able to, uh, have like child care for over 1,000 California kids for a year. They'd have free health care. Why doesn't he do it? Instead, he wants attack. He wants to target. He wants to seize what other people have, just like a good communist does. Remember something They're all communists. They're all violent because communism is violence, because communism is about taking. They take what is yours because they have decided it's for the good of the people, and you don't have a say on it. All you have to do is stare down the barrel of their gun and then hand over what they believe is theirs. They're taking it from you. All communists are thieves. All communists are liars. All communists are violent at all Times. Ro Khanna wants to target Elon Musk at 5%. So he wants to do— wants to target him 5%. So, uh, Bill Maher has him on the show, and Bill Maher is, uh, kind of not impressed with Ro Khanna and the things that he's talking about regarding Zohran Mamdani. Like, people want to hear from Andy Beshear, from Mamdani, from Pete Buttigieg. There are a lot of a lot of great people in the next generation. Thank you for your service. You've had your time. Let a new generation— you think Mamdani is a great one, huh? I do. I mean, did you see his Nick speech? I mean, the issue that most concerned me— it doesn't make me forget that his wife loved October 7th attack on Israel and that he pals around with terrorists. Tony, didn't you hear his Nick speech? Is that the best he's got now? Before we get into my answer, there on Newsmax from earlier today, Ro Khanna supports a Nazi in Graham Plattner. Ro Khanna, like Cory Booker, is like, yeah, he's done some bad things, but man, do we really need to win the Senate? They value power over people and control over country. They have zero standards. Now, that's what they say about you and me regarding Trump. The difference could have been we don't elect people like that. We don't even nominate people like that. That's over. The difference is you called Trump a Nazi for a decade. It was never true. It was always a lie. And you didn't give a damn that you lied. Now you actively support a Nazi and you tell us it doesn't matter. I'm sorry, that's lower. Trump made fun of a reporter. Trump made fun of this former president. Trump this, Trump that. What you did, political left, is lower, or at the very least equal. So there's no more high horse. And I'm going to keep reminding people that you're willing to vote for a Nazi, and Ro Khanna is proactively supporting a communist. And his disgusting commie wife who celebrates the murder of 1,200 Israelis and others on October 7th. Thus I answered. I would have, but I was too busy being next to somebody stealing garbage cans that were painted blue and orange, so I didn't get the chance to hear everything. Forgive my bluntness. Zoran Momdani is a Jew-hating bigot. His speech just the other day where he tries to crib Gramsci and basically calls AIPAC monsters like it was the communists under fascist Mussolini referring to the fascists as monsters. This is a despicable human being, his wife equally despicable. And I'm Jewish, I certainly don't speak for all Jews, but the Jews who keep voting for liberals vote for their own demise and their own destruction. Brad Lander is a man who should be absolutely ashamed of who he is, how he's acted in this New York election. To support Mondani is to support the destruction of not only, uh, Jews across the world but of Western civilization in toto. The support of Democratic socialists has to end. You're voting for bad things bad people. Bill Maher is right, there's nothing to celebrate here, and Ro Khanna is just another guy adding on to the support of really evil people. The only thing I said wrong in there, and, uh, I was glad that Sheryl Chumlee over at, uh, Washington Times, uh, said so: there's no such thing as a Democratic socialist. They're all communists. They're all communists. They're— she referred to— you call them Marxists, you can call them communists. They're communists. You've heard me say it a million times, and somehow in, in there I used Democratic Socialist, and I was wrong for that. He's a scumbag, and so is his wife, and I don't give a damn who's happy, who said, who's upset. Makes no difference. Facts are facts. 1,200 people get murdered, you're like, good, okay, you're, you're low. You are absolutely low. This is what Ro Khanna supports. Ro Khanna is a lowlife. This is the party. This is who they are. And one of the things that we have to stop doing— stop sending your kids to these colleges, stop sending your kids to these liberal schools, stop sending them to the private schools that support the liberal leftist agenda. Love your kid more. My friends are there. So what? I play sports there. So what? It is your mind I am concerned with. You can play sports in other places, you'll make other friends. They are poisoning you, and I simply won't have it. Stop supporting these institutions that are built out to have your children hate you and hate where they live and hate who they are. Parents have to be parents. Don't worry about whether or not your kids like you at the moment. Worry about creating children and turning them into adults who have minds and who are free. I didn't realize this was so tough. The honesty part, that's pretty easy. Keep it here. This is Tony Katz. Today, did you know that there is a fire going on in Los Angeles? I'm sorry, did you know that there was another fire going on in Los Angeles? Tony Katz, Tony Katz today, a pleasure to be with you guys, live streaming on YouTube, on Rumble, on X. Just look for Tony Katz wherever you are, whatever platform you're on, Facebook, Tony Katz Radio, and be a part of it. So there is a warehouse in Los Angeles that has been burning for 5 days and it's still burning. Boyle Heights is the area, um, They're issuing air quality warnings, all sorts of things. Schools on the east side are going to relocate to other locations. Now what's happening here? The crews, fire crews, have actually removed sections of exterior walls so they can get access to it, but they cannot stop it. Now this is different. I know people are going to say this is just like the Palisades fires all over again. This isn't the Palisades fires all over again. Just so we're clear, the Palisades fires existed because of absolutely horrific policies regarding the removal of brush. Oh, we have to keep the wildlife wild. Anybody who has ever driven on Mulholland— I lived in Los Angeles for quite a few years— knows that if one match was lit, everybody was going to die. It's amazing that no one died, but it was a tinderbox. Gorgeous, beautiful tinderbox. Of course it should have been handled. And fire lines, right? Where you clear out sections of brush so the fire doesn't have place to move. Maybe it could jump the line, but that would be harder to do— wind blowing, etc. You would at least be stopping the fuel. Important stuff. The Palisades fires happened because they did not keep water in the reservoirs. They did not have a team that was trained. They hired for woke as opposed to realistic. They didn't hire firefighters. They hired people who played like firefighters, but because they were able to check boxes, they got the gig. This is different. There are times when the area that has the fire is able to have a continual, uh, feed of, of fuel and of oxygen, and you have a heat buildup, and these things need to at times work themselves through— controlled, but they will work themselves through. Is it awful? I'm not saying no. Is it something we will find later that could have been handled by the, the LA FD and by Mayor Bass if they had done this, if they had done that? Yes, and I don't leave that out. But at the first, at the first, the, the, the key is recognizing that just because something's happening doesn't mean it connects to the other thing that happened. This could be— it could be have something to do with the warehouse, but it's not necessarily the fault of firefighters. It shouldn't be blamed. And as much as Karen Bass is terrible, I don't know if I can go at her at the first. The fact that Los Angeles is willing to vote for again? Well, I don't actually care what happens with their fires. They clearly like this, and they like how Karen Bass responds. So that's that. I'm Tony Katz. 3 more things. Tony Katz. Tony Katz today. Good to be here. Good to be with you. What are 3 more things? These are stories that should be front page news, but because of all the front page news, it is not front page news. Don't forget, catchthebadguys.com. Your video cameras, their AI. How about stopping the before they're able to do damage and take your money and waste your time. Stop the bad guys by doing catchthebadguys.com. Catch the bad guys. You can do it. Dot com. Catchthebadguys.com. Get with them. Now let's start where we start. We don't have a deal with Iran. We allegedly have some conversations going on with, uh, Iran. And I don't think those conversations are going to mean anything. I'm not quite sure why anybody at all, in any way and in any place, is engaged with the idea, believing in the idea that yes, we're gonna have peace in our time. As a matter of fact, I'm amazed nobody has quoted Neville Chamberlain, not knowing anything about history. But we don't have anything. We have alleged conversations, and we have this belief that somehow it's all going to come together and we're doing good work, as if somehow, as if somehow magically, the Iranians are going to follow through. That's just not going to be the case. But we'll leave it there. We don't have anything new to report. We only have the vice president telling us that there's been a lot of good conversations and there's been a lot of good results that have come out and great progress. And oh my gosh, the Iranians have agreed to allow IAEA inspectors into the country. IAEA inspectors were in the country when we had the JCPOA, and they still, they still work their way towards a nuclear weapon. So don't really care too much about what it is— that we're saying. The words mean nothing. The actions mean everything. Me, I want to put an end to the terrorist regime, and that would be better for everybody. But, uh, JD Vance doesn't see the world the way I do, which is pretty dang awful because he should. Then there's the story of Democrat Senator Ruben Gallego, who was super close pals with Eric Swalwell. Yeah, it's getting worse for him by the second. At 5:30, Senator Ruben Gallego is under a microscope tonight, accused of using campaign donations as his personal piggy bank. An investigation by Politico looked into records showing Gallego was spending campaign funds to pay for family trips, going to places like Miami, Chicago, and Disneyland, along with more than $18,000 on childcare. Federal law allows politicians to use campaign money for travel and childcare, but only if it conflicts with actual fundraising events. Gallego's office calls the spending common practice among both parties to account for the rising cost of child care. What about Disney? If child care involves Disney, we are all running for public office immediately, if not sooner. There are people who are not able to take their kids to Disney ever. They simply can't afford it. They can't afford the rising costs. And Ruben Gallego is like, well, I needed Minnie to watch the kids. You know, I forget who put this out on social media. Someone just responded to this with drip, drip, drip, because the feel was, was that there's so much about Gallego, so much, because he was so connected to Swalwell, like vacations. There's a picture of the two of them shirtless on a camel. Admittedly, they're each on their own camel because that would have been a different photo, but they're, they're there. I have ridden a camel before. Shirt was on. Shirt was on. If I ride a camel again in the future, just letting you know, shirt's on. I believe when riding a camel, one should always wear a shirt. I know, I know, I'm old school like that. Uh, Ruben Gallego, it is It is the drip, drip, drip. He's— he is in such a bad place. I'm actually amazed that it took this long. Absolutely amazed. But now what you're saying is, Tony, I'm confused. I'm confused. Um, why in the world would the left go after a guy on the left? It's a great question. Great question, and I'm going to give you part of an answer. The part of the answer is for the same reason they went after Eric Swalwell. They were allowed to. Eric Swalwell was going to keep— was going to be a problem. Eric Swalwell was going to possibly lose a general election to a Republican. And they needed to ensure that he was out to allow another Democrat to rise up. So they took the information they already had about him, they took the information they knew about him, and they said it's time to end his career. It's time for Eric to go write his book now. And they let it loose. That's why they let it loose, because they knew that they were allowed to, that this was the positioning and this was the moment. Why do you think they allowed all that bad stuff to happen? All that stuff with the Spy Fang Bang? All of this with the women and the allegations and etc. They allowed it to happen because, well, he was still a hard leftist and he was still a reliable vote and there wasn't anybody else to run better. And we'll just keep this in our back pocket and we'll keep denying it, we'll keep suppressing it. But if the moment comes, boom, we lay it out there and we're done with him. Sacrificial. Next, Ruben Gallego. Might need to be a sacrifice in the future. The connection to Swalwell means that certain things are fair game. You can't stop it. Even Politico, which certainly does not lean, uh, my way politically, Even a Swalwell or even Politico has to realize that the connection to Swalwell means that he has opened himself up to certain things, and it's going to mean good clicks, and it's going to be salacious. That's just the way it is. It's just the way it goes. It's like those candidates, uh, or those members of Congress who have decided, uh, to endorse Graham Plattner. I was talking about this earlier. This is Cory Booker on NBC News. Graham Plattner is a Nazi, and Cory Booker supports Nazis. Now, Cory Booker is not going to like that I said that, so I want to make sure I say it clear. Cory Booker, the senator from New Jersey, supports Nazis. Tony Katz said so. And anytime the senator from New Jersey would like to discuss it, I'm more than willing to go back to my Middletown, New Jersey roots and have a conversation with him. Was that clear? Was there any— producer Landon, no questions? We understood what I said there? We're all good? I believe so, yes. Yeah, okay, just making sure we're all good and we're all set. This was Cory Booker. To elect a new leader is in Maine. We have a competitive contest. Democrats just nominated Graham Plattner despite past offensive comments about a tattoo associated— or past offensive comments. He's got this tattoo that's associated with the Nazi Nazi symbol. He also said he didn't understand its meaning. He's covered it up. And he's also faced allegations from former girlfriends of abusive behavior. He has faced a bunch of allegations of abusive behavior. It wasn't an alleged or connected to Nazi tattoo. It's a Totenkopf. It's a sign of the SS. And the guy likes to enjoy himself in porta-potties and wishes American soldiers dead. That's Graham Plattner. Nazi, and Cory Booker, why are you supporting him, asks NBC. See the point? Even NBC is now allowed to ask these questions, and it's really under the guise of, well, we're an honest journalistic outfit. They don't go the next step, which is pushing 9,000 stories about why Graham Plattner is a Nazi and should not be in the Senate. Instead, they allow answers like this, which he denies. Do you think Graham Plattner has the character to serve in the United States Senate? Well, this is what campaigns are for. He certainly has a lot of issues and a lot of questions to answer and address. And I think the people of Maine are going to give a lot of examination to this going through in this election. For me, I certainly hope we pick up a seat here. We— for me and people of the state of New Jersey, dear God, we need to get the Senate back so we can start checking this out-of-control president. See, You see, it's okay. It's okay to vote for a Nazi because then we get control of the Senate and that's somehow better. That's a legit answer that Democrats give every single day. And the press goes, sounds great. Let's go to commercial break. That is amazing stuff. And that's why Ruben Gallego, the senator from Arizona, is now fair game. That's why. Also, let it be out there and he takes some hits and it gets forgotten about, we move on. But when we need it, we drop it down, we drop it down right on his head. Then there is this team in the Atlantic League, the York Revolution. They are in Pennsylvania. And they are forfeiting a game. They play baseball and they are forfeiting the game because the team had scheduled a Pride night and the players refused to wear the LGBTQ-themed jersey. Good. This Pride stuff is over. Let this be the last Pride Month. As a matter of fact, Pride Month is over early this year. I just declared it so. I, I actually, I have no power to do so. I've just, just decided that I was going to do so because, I mean, what, you can make a month up? I can decide the month is, is if we're going to be done with it early. We, we, we've said all we're going to say and it's over. Done. Finished. Good on these players. You do not have to participate in the humiliation ritual. You do not have to in any way be part of this nonsense. You don't have to play the pride game. There is no pride to have in the T, ladies gentlemen. None. There's no pride in supporting mental disorders, and there is no pride in the abuse of children that many of— not only the people who support this stuff engage in— not— I'm not saying you have to be LGBT anything to support it, but there are plenty of people who support that stuff. They support the mutilation of children. If you think I'm gonna have pride in that, you're out of your damn minds. These people are violent, terrible people. You're seeing hospital groups end their transition stuff and now work on detransitioning. I would still close these hospitals. We don't need them, don't want them. I wouldn't let the— either doctors who engage in these practices— these are barbarians. They shouldn't be allowed to practice medicine, not for a second, not a chance. Very, very happy, very happy to see these people standing up. This is good, good stuff. You know what else is good? Protecting your identity, which is getting more and more impossible. Because if you go to the DMV and you get your new photo, the DMV is— they're selling your information, your address, your accident history, court records. It's getting exposed to hundreds of companies. The state is making money. You're the customer at that moment, but you're also the product that's being sold. And then the data broker takes that info from the DMV, and then they get your credit score and your shopping habits, your social media. And that's how the digital file gets created, and it gets sold, and it gets sold to insurance companies, and they raise your rates, and they get sold the scammers. Well, you know what happens there. Incogni fights back for you. Incogni, I-N-C-O-G-N-I. They contact hundreds of data brokers and they legally demand your information be deleted. And if somehow your information's still floating around out there, you send Incogni the link and they'll take care of it. The team handles the takedown. Incogni empowers you to take your data back. Get 60% off with Incogni. Go to incogni.com/katz, K-A-T-Z, my last name. Get 60% off. incogni.com/katz. Take back your privacy. Go to Incogni right now. I-N-C-O-G-N-I, incogni.com/katz. This is Tony Katz Today. So I, um, for a long time have had a segment on the show called the Worst Headline of the Day. Uh, this one may be the dumbest. Tony Katz, Tony Katz today. This is from Fox 2 KTVU. Autoglass repair businesses suffer as Oakland break-ins decline. Oh my, you mean the guys who replace glass in cars have a business slowdown because less people are breaking into cars. And that's, that's a headline because that's a problem. This is Bastiat. This is broken window fallacy, right? It's, it's the story, uh, kids are playing a ball on, on a street and the ball goes through the, uh, the baker's window and the baker comes out, he's so angry, and the people say, whoa, whoa, whoa, because this boy did this 'Now the, the window guy has a job. Isn't that great?' If breaking windows created jobs and created income, then everybody in Antifa and Black Lives Matter in Minneapolis would, would be cheered as the greatest job creators in the history of the universe. But doesn't create jobs. It creates what Bastiat described as the seen and the unseen. Here you are paying out for the window, and yet we don't see what you could have done instead. And what this outlet is saying is— Jesse Gary reporting— well, these businesses are slowing down because we have less crime. Don't you know that that's a problem? How about a story about how much other things might be growing because people keep their money and maybe spend it on other things? Good Lord. Tony Katz today."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Hangin' out at the pool is great. Relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the same time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other. It's all at SpinQuest. Over 1,000 games including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with this summer special. New players get $30 coin packs for $10 at spinquest.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. Live from the heartland and the crossroads of America. It's Tony Katz today. Nothing has changed amongst the political left. They are still supporting a Nazi in Maine. They are proactively voting for a Nazi in Maine. They are down for voting for Nazi in Maine. Nothing here has changed. Tony Katz, Tony Katz today. Good to be with you. Now, if you ask me what, what brings this up, for what purpose is this coming up again? The purpose is to show you just how deep the depravity really goes. And to engage that, we have to discuss Ro Khanna, the Democrat socialist from California, whom for a while there we could at least respect that he was a believer in free speech, right? There was a moment there that he was a free speech guy. You're like, well, I can at least appreciate somebody who's a free speech guy. It's the only thing to appreciate about him. His support of, of, of Graham Plattner. Sorry. His support of going after those who recognize that ending a terrorist regime is a good thing to do. His unwillingness to say out loud, we should not be people by any stretch of the imagination who think that the politics should outweigh rationality, normalcy, decency, or the American way of life. But as we have seen from the political left, it is so much of that constant and consistent of that, that there is no interest at all of saying that, you know what, we're not going to change, uh, the fundamentals of the country. They work. We're going to utilize them to better advantage. They— when they talk about— it's like when, when Obama talked about fundamentally changing the United States, uh, he meant it and this group, group of socialists, they absolutely positively mean it. So we start where we start. We start with this conversation about Zohran Mamdani, where Mamdani has gone full bigot, full despicable bigot. And this is a speech that he gave in support of a guy by the name of Brad Lander. Brad Lander is a Democrat running for Congress against Dan Goldman. It's the primary. You cannot think of anybody more to the left than Dan Goldman. Dan Goldman, who was an impeachment manager. Dan Goldman, who every time he's doing an interview, he looks like it's a hostage video. There's— there doesn't matter what the subject, he can find a way to blame Trump. Not a guy worth liking. But he might somewhere, somehow be supportive of Israel's existence. So he's got to go. And in New York, speaking at an event for Brad Lander and a bunch of other socialist lowlifes, Mondani said this. And we need that because as Gramsci once wrote, The old world is dying and the new world struggles to be born. Now is the time of monsters. These monsters take many forms today. In those who fund television ads that blanket the airwaves with misleading and bad faith attacks about Claire, Brad, and Darry. Those who would rather spend far more on political contributions than they would ever be made to pay in taxes. An AIPAC for whom the only thing more frightening than democracy being allowed to run its course is an end to genocide and Netanyahu's wars. So let's talk about this. First, who is Gramsci? Gramsci is Antonio Gramsci, and Antonio Gramsci was a communist who was jailed by Benito Mussolini. So Mussolini is a fascist and jailed a communist. Now understand that fascism is nothing more than a tool, and it's utilized by communists, but let's not split hairs for the sake of the conversation. And so there is a, a saying that is attributed to him about this idea that the new world is dying— the old world is dying and a new world struggles to be born. It's, it's, it's a really a, uh, a misread of what he actually said but leave it to be something that communists like Zoran Momdani utilize. The old world is capitalism and the new world is his communism. And in that line, the old world is, is dying, um, and the new world is struggling to be born. It is followed up with this line about monsters. And in this, this line says, now is the time of monsters. Again, this is a bit of a misread of the original quote, but neither here nor there. Now is the time of monsters is the reference that, that, that Gramsci made to the fascists. And in Zoran Mandani's speech, as you just heard it, he made it to AIPAC. Jews. Now, I don't give a good holy damn what you think about AIPAC. Americans involved in their political system is fine by me. There are all sorts of groups doing all sorts of things, and I'm far more concerned about the Qatari lobbying pricing and what they're spending versus Americans. AIPAC is a boogeyman. It isn't the problem. You're certainly allowed to disagree with them. They are not the end of the world. This is Olinsky: pick the target, personalize it, freeze it, and polarize it. And That's what these Jew-hating commie bastards do day in and day out. Oh, I'm sorry. We— did I not give a little bit of a warning here? Yeah, we are holding back nothing. Zohra Mamdani is a communist and a lowlife, and so is his commie lowlife wife who celebrated October 7th. I was on Newsmax. This was earlier today, actually, and this got brought up, and I want to— I wanted to share it with you because I got a little more direct in the conversation, as I am sometimes known to do. I was on with Cheryl Chumley, who's the online editor for, uh, the Washington Times. She was lovely. And I think it's Shannon Kake there asking me the questions. He was on Bill Maher. He was speaking very highly of Zohra Mamdani. But, but Maher, he reminded him really of what Mamdani's message truly is, what he stands for. Listen to this. Ro Khanna, the Democrat, the guy who believes that we should tax Elon Musk 5%. Have you not heard this? Oh, Elon Musk is now a trillionaire, so if we tax him 5%, well, then he can still make all that money back in the market, and then we could fund child care for forever, or whatever his line was. His entire argument is that guy has too much money because, uh, Ro Khanna decided he has too much money, we should tax him. Do you think that's the system of government, or is that a system of targeting? Is that a system of attack? Did you know that Ro Khanna has a family net worth of $200 million? I did not know this. According to David Friedberg, if he made a voluntary contribution of 5% of the family's $200 million net worth, Uh, you would be able to, uh, have like child care for over 1,000 California kids for a year. They'd have free health care. Why doesn't he do it? Instead, he wants attack. He wants to target. He wants to seize what other people have, just like a good communist does. Remember something They're all communists. They're all violent because communism is violence, because communism is about taking. They take what is yours because they have decided it's for the good of the people, and you don't have a say on it. All you have to do is stare down the barrel of their gun and then hand over what they believe is theirs. They're taking it from you. All communists are thieves. All communists are liars. All communists are violent at all Times. Ro Khanna wants to target Elon Musk at 5%. So he wants to do— wants to target him 5%. So, uh, Bill Maher has him on the show, and Bill Maher is, uh, kind of not impressed with Ro Khanna and the things that he's talking about regarding Zohran Mamdani. Like, people want to hear from Andy Beshear, from Mamdani, from Pete Buttigieg. There are a lot of a lot of great people in the next generation. Thank you for your service. You've had your time. Let a new generation— you think Mamdani is a great one, huh? I do. I mean, did you see his Nick speech? I mean, the issue that most concerned me— it doesn't make me forget that his wife loved October 7th attack on Israel and that he pals around with terrorists. Tony, didn't you hear his Nick speech? Is that the best he's got now? Before we get into my answer, there on Newsmax from earlier today, Ro Khanna supports a Nazi in Graham Plattner. Ro Khanna, like Cory Booker, is like, yeah, he's done some bad things, but man, do we really need to win the Senate? They value power over people and control over country. They have zero standards. Now, that's what they say about you and me regarding Trump. The difference could have been we don't elect people like that. We don't even nominate people like that. That's over. The difference is you called Trump a Nazi for a decade. It was never true. It was always a lie. And you didn't give a damn that you lied. Now you actively support a Nazi and you tell us it doesn't matter. I'm sorry, that's lower. Trump made fun of a reporter. Trump made fun of this former president. Trump this, Trump that. What you did, political left, is lower, or at the very least equal. So there's no more high horse. And I'm going to keep reminding people that you're willing to vote for a Nazi, and Ro Khanna is proactively supporting a communist. And his disgusting commie wife who celebrates the murder of 1,200 Israelis and others on October 7th. Thus I answered. I would have, but I was too busy being next to somebody stealing garbage cans that were painted blue and orange, so I didn't get the chance to hear everything. Forgive my bluntness. Zoran Momdani is a Jew-hating bigot. His speech just the other day where he tries to crib Gramsci and basically calls AIPAC monsters like it was the communists under fascist Mussolini referring to the fascists as monsters. This is a despicable human being, his wife equally despicable. And I'm Jewish, I certainly don't speak for all Jews, but the Jews who keep voting for liberals vote for their own demise and their own destruction. Brad Lander is a man who should be absolutely ashamed of who he is, how he's acted in this New York election. To support Mondani is to support the destruction of not only, uh, Jews across the world but of Western civilization in toto. The support of Democratic socialists has to end. You're voting for bad things bad people. Bill Maher is right, there's nothing to celebrate here, and Ro Khanna is just another guy adding on to the support of really evil people. The only thing I said wrong in there, and, uh, I was glad that Sheryl Chumlee over at, uh, Washington Times, uh, said so: there's no such thing as a Democratic socialist. They're all communists. They're all communists. They're— she referred to— you call them Marxists, you can call them communists. They're communists. You've heard me say it a million times, and somehow in, in there I used Democratic Socialist, and I was wrong for that. He's a scumbag, and so is his wife, and I don't give a damn who's happy, who said, who's upset. Makes no difference. Facts are facts. 1,200 people get murdered, you're like, good, okay, you're, you're low. You are absolutely low. This is what Ro Khanna supports. Ro Khanna is a lowlife. This is the party. This is who they are. And one of the things that we have to stop doing— stop sending your kids to these colleges, stop sending your kids to these liberal schools, stop sending them to the private schools that support the liberal leftist agenda. Love your kid more. My friends are there. So what? I play sports there. So what? It is your mind I am concerned with. You can play sports in other places, you'll make other friends. They are poisoning you, and I simply won't have it. Stop supporting these institutions that are built out to have your children hate you and hate where they live and hate who they are. Parents have to be parents. Don't worry about whether or not your kids like you at the moment. Worry about creating children and turning them into adults who have minds and who are free. I didn't realize this was so tough. The honesty part, that's pretty easy. Keep it here. This is Tony Katz. Today, did you know that there is a fire going on in Los Angeles? I'm sorry, did you know that there was another fire going on in Los Angeles? Tony Katz, Tony Katz today, a pleasure to be with you guys, live streaming on YouTube, on Rumble, on X. Just look for Tony Katz wherever you are, whatever platform you're on, Facebook, Tony Katz Radio, and be a part of it. So there is a warehouse in Los Angeles that has been burning for 5 days and it's still burning. Boyle Heights is the area, um, They're issuing air quality warnings, all sorts of things. Schools on the east side are going to relocate to other locations. Now what's happening here? The crews, fire crews, have actually removed sections of exterior walls so they can get access to it, but they cannot stop it. Now this is different. I know people are going to say this is just like the Palisades fires all over again. This isn't the Palisades fires all over again. Just so we're clear, the Palisades fires existed because of absolutely horrific policies regarding the removal of brush. Oh, we have to keep the wildlife wild. Anybody who has ever driven on Mulholland— I lived in Los Angeles for quite a few years— knows that if one match was lit, everybody was going to die. It's amazing that no one died, but it was a tinderbox. Gorgeous, beautiful tinderbox. Of course it should have been handled. And fire lines, right? Where you clear out sections of brush so the fire doesn't have place to move. Maybe it could jump the line, but that would be harder to do— wind blowing, etc. You would at least be stopping the fuel. Important stuff. The Palisades fires happened because they did not keep water in the reservoirs. They did not have a team that was trained. They hired for woke as opposed to realistic. They didn't hire firefighters. They hired people who played like firefighters, but because they were able to check boxes, they got the gig. This is different. There are times when the area that has the fire is able to have a continual, uh, feed of, of fuel and of oxygen, and you have a heat buildup, and these things need to at times work themselves through— controlled, but they will work themselves through. Is it awful? I'm not saying no. Is it something we will find later that could have been handled by the, the LA FD and by Mayor Bass if they had done this, if they had done that? Yes, and I don't leave that out. But at the first, at the first, the, the, the key is recognizing that just because something's happening doesn't mean it connects to the other thing that happened. This could be— it could be have something to do with the warehouse, but it's not necessarily the fault of firefighters. It shouldn't be blamed. And as much as Karen Bass is terrible, I don't know if I can go at her at the first. The fact that Los Angeles is willing to vote for again? Well, I don't actually care what happens with their fires. They clearly like this, and they like how Karen Bass responds. So that's that. I'm Tony Katz. 3 more things. Tony Katz. Tony Katz today. Good to be here. Good to be with you. What are 3 more things? These are stories that should be front page news, but because of all the front page news, it is not front page news. Don't forget, catchthebadguys.com. Your video cameras, their AI. How about stopping the before they're able to do damage and take your money and waste your time. Stop the bad guys by doing catchthebadguys.com. Catch the bad guys. You can do it. Dot com. Catchthebadguys.com. Get with them. Now let's start where we start. We don't have a deal with Iran. We allegedly have some conversations going on with, uh, Iran. And I don't think those conversations are going to mean anything. I'm not quite sure why anybody at all, in any way and in any place, is engaged with the idea, believing in the idea that yes, we're gonna have peace in our time. As a matter of fact, I'm amazed nobody has quoted Neville Chamberlain, not knowing anything about history. But we don't have anything. We have alleged conversations, and we have this belief that somehow it's all going to come together and we're doing good work, as if somehow, as if somehow magically, the Iranians are going to follow through. That's just not going to be the case. But we'll leave it there. We don't have anything new to report. We only have the vice president telling us that there's been a lot of good conversations and there's been a lot of good results that have come out and great progress. And oh my gosh, the Iranians have agreed to allow IAEA inspectors into the country. IAEA inspectors were in the country when we had the JCPOA, and they still, they still work their way towards a nuclear weapon. So don't really care too much about what it is— that we're saying. The words mean nothing. The actions mean everything. Me, I want to put an end to the terrorist regime, and that would be better for everybody. But, uh, JD Vance doesn't see the world the way I do, which is pretty dang awful because he should. Then there's the story of Democrat Senator Ruben Gallego, who was super close pals with Eric Swalwell. Yeah, it's getting worse for him by the second. At 5:30, Senator Ruben Gallego is under a microscope tonight, accused of using campaign donations as his personal piggy bank. An investigation by Politico looked into records showing Gallego was spending campaign funds to pay for family trips, going to places like Miami, Chicago, and Disneyland, along with more than $18,000 on childcare. Federal law allows politicians to use campaign money for travel and childcare, but only if it conflicts with actual fundraising events. Gallego's office calls the spending common practice among both parties to account for the rising cost of child care. What about Disney? If child care involves Disney, we are all running for public office immediately, if not sooner. There are people who are not able to take their kids to Disney ever. They simply can't afford it. They can't afford the rising costs. And Ruben Gallego is like, well, I needed Minnie to watch the kids. You know, I forget who put this out on social media. Someone just responded to this with drip, drip, drip, because the feel was, was that there's so much about Gallego, so much, because he was so connected to Swalwell, like vacations. There's a picture of the two of them shirtless on a camel. Admittedly, they're each on their own camel because that would have been a different photo, but they're, they're there. I have ridden a camel before. Shirt was on. Shirt was on. If I ride a camel again in the future, just letting you know, shirt's on. I believe when riding a camel, one should always wear a shirt. I know, I know, I'm old school like that. Uh, Ruben Gallego, it is It is the drip, drip, drip. He's— he is in such a bad place. I'm actually amazed that it took this long. Absolutely amazed. But now what you're saying is, Tony, I'm confused. I'm confused. Um, why in the world would the left go after a guy on the left? It's a great question. Great question, and I'm going to give you part of an answer. The part of the answer is for the same reason they went after Eric Swalwell. They were allowed to. Eric Swalwell was going to keep— was going to be a problem. Eric Swalwell was going to possibly lose a general election to a Republican. And they needed to ensure that he was out to allow another Democrat to rise up. So they took the information they already had about him, they took the information they knew about him, and they said it's time to end his career. It's time for Eric to go write his book now. And they let it loose. That's why they let it loose, because they knew that they were allowed to, that this was the positioning and this was the moment. Why do you think they allowed all that bad stuff to happen? All that stuff with the Spy Fang Bang? All of this with the women and the allegations and etc. They allowed it to happen because, well, he was still a hard leftist and he was still a reliable vote and there wasn't anybody else to run better. And we'll just keep this in our back pocket and we'll keep denying it, we'll keep suppressing it. But if the moment comes, boom, we lay it out there and we're done with him. Sacrificial. Next, Ruben Gallego. Might need to be a sacrifice in the future. The connection to Swalwell means that certain things are fair game. You can't stop it. Even Politico, which certainly does not lean, uh, my way politically, Even a Swalwell or even Politico has to realize that the connection to Swalwell means that he has opened himself up to certain things, and it's going to mean good clicks, and it's going to be salacious. That's just the way it is. It's just the way it goes. It's like those candidates, uh, or those members of Congress who have decided, uh, to endorse Graham Plattner. I was talking about this earlier. This is Cory Booker on NBC News. Graham Plattner is a Nazi, and Cory Booker supports Nazis. Now, Cory Booker is not going to like that I said that, so I want to make sure I say it clear. Cory Booker, the senator from New Jersey, supports Nazis. Tony Katz said so. And anytime the senator from New Jersey would like to discuss it, I'm more than willing to go back to my Middletown, New Jersey roots and have a conversation with him. Was that clear? Was there any— producer Landon, no questions? We understood what I said there? We're all good? I believe so, yes. Yeah, okay, just making sure we're all good and we're all set. This was Cory Booker. To elect a new leader is in Maine. We have a competitive contest. Democrats just nominated Graham Plattner despite past offensive comments about a tattoo associated— or past offensive comments. He's got this tattoo that's associated with the Nazi Nazi symbol. He also said he didn't understand its meaning. He's covered it up. And he's also faced allegations from former girlfriends of abusive behavior. He has faced a bunch of allegations of abusive behavior. It wasn't an alleged or connected to Nazi tattoo. It's a Totenkopf. It's a sign of the SS. And the guy likes to enjoy himself in porta-potties and wishes American soldiers dead. That's Graham Plattner. Nazi, and Cory Booker, why are you supporting him, asks NBC. See the point? Even NBC is now allowed to ask these questions, and it's really under the guise of, well, we're an honest journalistic outfit. They don't go the next step, which is pushing 9,000 stories about why Graham Plattner is a Nazi and should not be in the Senate. Instead, they allow answers like this, which he denies. Do you think Graham Plattner has the character to serve in the United States Senate? Well, this is what campaigns are for. He certainly has a lot of issues and a lot of questions to answer and address. And I think the people of Maine are going to give a lot of examination to this going through in this election. For me, I certainly hope we pick up a seat here. We— for me and people of the state of New Jersey, dear God, we need to get the Senate back so we can start checking this out-of-control president. See, You see, it's okay. It's okay to vote for a Nazi because then we get control of the Senate and that's somehow better. That's a legit answer that Democrats give every single day. And the press goes, sounds great. Let's go to commercial break. That is amazing stuff. And that's why Ruben Gallego, the senator from Arizona, is now fair game. That's why. Also, let it be out there and he takes some hits and it gets forgotten about, we move on. But when we need it, we drop it down, we drop it down right on his head. Then there is this team in the Atlantic League, the York Revolution. They are in Pennsylvania. And they are forfeiting a game. They play baseball and they are forfeiting the game because the team had scheduled a Pride night and the players refused to wear the LGBTQ-themed jersey. Good. This Pride stuff is over. Let this be the last Pride Month. As a matter of fact, Pride Month is over early this year. I just declared it so. I, I actually, I have no power to do so. I've just, just decided that I was going to do so because, I mean, what, you can make a month up? I can decide the month is, is if we're going to be done with it early. We, we, we've said all we're going to say and it's over. Done. Finished. Good on these players. You do not have to participate in the humiliation ritual. You do not have to in any way be part of this nonsense. You don't have to play the pride game. There is no pride to have in the T, ladies gentlemen. None. There's no pride in supporting mental disorders, and there is no pride in the abuse of children that many of— not only the people who support this stuff engage in— not— I'm not saying you have to be LGBT anything to support it, but there are plenty of people who support that stuff. They support the mutilation of children. If you think I'm gonna have pride in that, you're out of your damn minds. These people are violent, terrible people. You're seeing hospital groups end their transition stuff and now work on detransitioning. I would still close these hospitals. We don't need them, don't want them. I wouldn't let the— either doctors who engage in these practices— these are barbarians. They shouldn't be allowed to practice medicine, not for a second, not a chance. Very, very happy, very happy to see these people standing up. This is good, good stuff. You know what else is good? Protecting your identity, which is getting more and more impossible. Because if you go to the DMV and you get your new photo, the DMV is— they're selling your information, your address, your accident history, court records. It's getting exposed to hundreds of companies. The state is making money. You're the customer at that moment, but you're also the product that's being sold. And then the data broker takes that info from the DMV, and then they get your credit score and your shopping habits, your social media. And that's how the digital file gets created, and it gets sold, and it gets sold to insurance companies, and they raise your rates, and they get sold the scammers. Well, you know what happens there. Incogni fights back for you. Incogni, I-N-C-O-G-N-I. They contact hundreds of data brokers and they legally demand your information be deleted. And if somehow your information's still floating around out there, you send Incogni the link and they'll take care of it. The team handles the takedown. Incogni empowers you to take your data back. Get 60% off with Incogni. Go to incogni.com/katz, K-A-T-Z, my last name. Get 60% off. incogni.com/katz. Take back your privacy. Go to Incogni right now. I-N-C-O-G-N-I, incogni.com/katz. This is Tony Katz Today. So I, um, for a long time have had a segment on the show called the Worst Headline of the Day. Uh, this one may be the dumbest. Tony Katz, Tony Katz today. This is from Fox 2 KTVU. Autoglass repair businesses suffer as Oakland break-ins decline. Oh my, you mean the guys who replace glass in cars have a business slowdown because less people are breaking into cars. And that's, that's a headline because that's a problem. This is Bastiat. This is broken window fallacy, right? It's, it's the story, uh, kids are playing a ball on, on a street and the ball goes through the, uh, the baker's window and the baker comes out, he's so angry, and the people say, whoa, whoa, whoa, because this boy did this 'Now the, the window guy has a job. Isn't that great?' If breaking windows created jobs and created income, then everybody in Antifa and Black Lives Matter in Minneapolis would, would be cheered as the greatest job creators in the history of the universe. But doesn't create jobs. It creates what Bastiat described as the seen and the unseen. Here you are paying out for the window, and yet we don't see what you could have done instead. And what this outlet is saying is— Jesse Gary reporting— well, these businesses are slowing down because we have less crime. Don't you know that that's a problem? How about a story about how much other things might be growing because people keep their money and maybe spend it on other things? Good Lord. Tony Katz today.
