# The Barack Obama Center & "Maternal Instinct" on Netflix

**Show:** YES, I HEARD THE NEWS!  w/Espie Randolph III
**Date Published:** 2026-06-26
**Date Found:** 2026-06-26
**URL:** https://shows.acast.com/yespie?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 48 minutes

## Summary

This 48-minute episode of YES, I HEARD THE NEWS!  w/Espie Randolph III mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, YES, I HEARD THE NEWS!  w/Espie Randolph III

## Key Moment

> "I don't know who he's— it's a straw man. And then he knocks down his own straw man. Well, the idea of pro-slavery didn't start in the South. What is the idea of pro-slavery? What is it? What do you mean start in the South? You know what I'm saying? What we— what we are saying is the first slave ship arrived in Virginia. Miss— sir, miss, sir. And I feel like I don't know anything about this person or their family, but it feels like this person has a vendetta, and it's probably based on the fact that they are probably a beneficiary of slavery. And, you know, given where they're from, uh, maybe they're not. I don't know. Yes, I heard the news. What I do know is the first slave ship of the transatlantic slave trade arrived from Africa to the state of Virginia in 1619. That's what I do know, sir. Um, anyways, so it just feels like a weird sort of way to sort of wiggle out of what you know to be true. But never mind the pro-slavery book at the Cato Institute, an alleged think tank in Washington, D.C., funded by the Koch brothers, the Kushner Library. All right. So let's get back into the National Museum of African American History and Culture. So It was just a wild journey to see the artifacts and to see the things, and they make it a very— it's a very immersive experience. It's such a beautiful building. And that's how you know— that's why I'm so excited to go to the Obama Presidential Center, because I know it will be a journey. I know it will be a well-crafted journey. I know the architecture lends itself because like the architecture of this museum lends itself to telling a story. So I can't wait to see the story that that building will tell. And that is the difference, do you know what I'm saying? It is not floors and windows, it is an experience. And I don't even— I haven't been there yet. I'm talking about the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, DC. It's an experience. The building is an experience in how it is structured, in its storytelling is an experience. And walking up through the floors and getting into the future and getting into, you know, because we go from slavery to Barack Obama and we go, how the hell, you know what I'm saying? Through, through Jim Crow, through, you know what I'm saying? Like voting, right? We go How the hell did we get here? You know what I'm saying? And that must be what they might be saying too. How the hell did they get here? We done set up a whole system to keep them out of here and they done got all the way here. It's amazing. And then so when you go to the upper floors, it's just a celebration of Black culture and stuff. You know, they got— we got some little iffy stuff too, you know. They had to, you know, like, Bill Cosby over in the corner in the TV section. He over down, down there in the corner. They go, yeah, he was— yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, he— they put him in the corner and they can't talk about that much, which it is what it is, you know what I'm saying? Like, but at least, you know, they'll acknowledge it, but we got to move on. There's a lot of Oprah, but I know she was one of the big dogs. But I mean, she is a big presence in African-American history, despite what you might personally think about her. Whatever. She is— she is Oprah. And so there's a lot of Oprah, which is great. There's a lot of athletic things and stuff they did, you know, all of the sports and things, the Olympics, you know, the holding up the fists on the Olympic podium. I am so excited, y'all. The Olympics is coming to LA in 2028, and I got tickets. So have y'all got your tickets yet? Y'all better sign up and go and get y'all tickets. Anyways, yes, I heard the news. The Olympics are coming. The FIFA people are here right now in LA, so the World Cup is happening right now, and it will still be happening when I get back from Europe. And I'm very stressed out about it because they are everywhere, and everywhere there's a game playing, and there's people all over, people on the subway and stuff. I'm like, "Wah! Where do all these people come from?" But they're very nice, let me just say. They're very nice. They're just trying to get where they're going, and they're very much like, "Does this train go this way?" And I'm like, "Okay, yeah." Like, I need to be the helpful local here. That's what I will do. "Uh, which way to the—" "It's over here, sir. If you go here and you take a left, it'll be 2 blocks that way." that way. Have a wonderful time in our beautiful city that Spencer Pratt hates for some reason, but he's still in, so he won't leave, but he hates it. So I heard, um, wait, what did he— what did he— I don't even care. Let's not give him any air. All right, so, uh, but back to the National Museum of African American History and culture. Um, but yeah, you go to the upper floors, you get like Prince, you know, they got a music section, they got Broadway, we got Dreamgirls and The Wiz, you know, it's like fun. And I was like, you know, just you be proud of your people, you be very proud. Like, after all that shit that was in the basement, somehow we got Michael Jackson, Prince, Oprah, You know, like, just every— all Michelle Obama, you know what I'm saying? We got all of these things, and the way that we've transformed music and culture and television and film, it's astounding from where we came in the little time that we've had. And I'd be proud of it. Y'all, if you're ever in DC, check it out. It's an amazing museum. And I'm gonna go to that— I'm gonna go to the Barack promising. I love all of the musical artists showed up for him, and nobody showed up for the Great American State Fair. They all canceled. I think Vanilla Ice is going to be there, and that's going to be it. Yes, I heard the news. So coming up next, we're going to get into the Netflix documentary Maternal Instinct that, if you haven't seen it, please go watch it right now and then come back to this because wow, 2020 was a wild time and it gets even wilder when you figure out— find out whatever— what everyone else was doing. Yes, I heard the news. We'll get into Maternal Instinct later after the break, but first, a message from our sponsors."
> — Speaker B at 21:36
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [21:36] Speaker B: "I don't know who he's— it's a straw man. And then he knocks down his own straw man. Well, the idea of pro-slavery didn't start in the South. What is the idea of pro-slavery? What is it? What do you mean start in the South? You know what I'm saying? What we— what we are saying is the first slave ship arrived in Virginia. Miss— sir, miss, sir. And I feel like I don't know anything about this person or their family, but it feels like this person has a vendetta, and it's probably based on the fact that they are probably a beneficiary of slavery. And, you know, given where they're from, uh, maybe they're not. I don't know. Yes, I heard the news. What I do know is the first slave ship of the transatlantic slave trade arrived from Africa to the state of Virginia in 1619. That's what I do know, sir. Um, anyways, so it just feels like a weird sort of way to sort of wiggle out of what you know to be true. But never mind the pro-slavery book at the Cato Institute, an alleged think tank in Washington, D.C., funded by the Koch brothers, the Kushner Library. All right. So let's get back into the National Museum of African American History and Culture. So It was just a wild journey to see the artifacts and to see the things, and they make it a very— it's a very immersive experience. It's such a beautiful building. And that's how you know— that's why I'm so excited to go to the Obama Presidential Center, because I know it will be a journey. I know it will be a well-crafted journey. I know the architecture lends itself because like the architecture of this museum lends itself to telling a story. So I can't wait to see the story that that building will tell. And that is the difference, do you know what I'm saying? It is not floors and windows, it is an experience. And I don't even— I haven't been there yet. I'm talking about the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, DC. It's an experience. The building is an experience in how it is structured, in its storytelling is an experience. And walking up through the floors and getting into the future and getting into, you know, because we go from slavery to Barack Obama and we go, how the hell, you know what I'm saying? Through, through Jim Crow, through, you know what I'm saying? Like voting, right? We go How the hell did we get here? You know what I'm saying? And that must be what they might be saying too. How the hell did they get here? We done set up a whole system to keep them out of here and they done got all the way here. It's amazing. And then so when you go to the upper floors, it's just a celebration of Black culture and stuff. You know, they got— we got some little iffy stuff too, you know. They had to, you know, like, Bill Cosby over in the corner in the TV section. He over down, down there in the corner. They go, yeah, he was— yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, he— they put him in the corner and they can't talk about that much, which it is what it is, you know what I'm saying? Like, but at least, you know, they'll acknowledge it, but we got to move on. There's a lot of Oprah, but I know she was one of the big dogs. But I mean, she is a big presence in African-American history, despite what you might personally think about her. Whatever. She is— she is Oprah. And so there's a lot of Oprah, which is great. There's a lot of athletic things and stuff they did, you know, all of the sports and things, the Olympics, you know, the holding up the fists on the Olympic podium. I am so excited, y'all. The Olympics is coming to LA in 2028, and I got tickets. So have y'all got your tickets yet? Y'all better sign up and go and get y'all tickets. Anyways, yes, I heard the news. The Olympics are coming. The FIFA people are here right now in LA, so the World Cup is happening right now, and it will still be happening when I get back from Europe. And I'm very stressed out about it because they are everywhere, and everywhere there's a game playing, and there's people all over, people on the subway and stuff. I'm like, "Wah! Where do all these people come from?" But they're very nice, let me just say. They're very nice. They're just trying to get where they're going, and they're very much like, "Does this train go this way?" And I'm like, "Okay, yeah." Like, I need to be the helpful local here. That's what I will do. "Uh, which way to the—" "It's over here, sir. If you go here and you take a left, it'll be 2 blocks that way." that way. Have a wonderful time in our beautiful city that Spencer Pratt hates for some reason, but he's still in, so he won't leave, but he hates it. So I heard, um, wait, what did he— what did he— I don't even care. Let's not give him any air. All right, so, uh, but back to the National Museum of African American History and culture. Um, but yeah, you go to the upper floors, you get like Prince, you know, they got a music section, they got Broadway, we got Dreamgirls and The Wiz, you know, it's like fun. And I was like, you know, just you be proud of your people, you be very proud. Like, after all that shit that was in the basement, somehow we got Michael Jackson, Prince, Oprah, You know, like, just every— all Michelle Obama, you know what I'm saying? We got all of these things, and the way that we've transformed music and culture and television and film, it's astounding from where we came in the little time that we've had. And I'd be proud of it. Y'all, if you're ever in DC, check it out. It's an amazing museum. And I'm gonna go to that— I'm gonna go to the Barack promising. I love all of the musical artists showed up for him, and nobody showed up for the Great American State Fair. They all canceled. I think Vanilla Ice is going to be there, and that's going to be it. Yes, I heard the news. So coming up next, we're going to get into the Netflix documentary Maternal Instinct that, if you haven't seen it, please go watch it right now and then come back to this because wow, 2020 was a wild time and it gets even wilder when you figure out— find out whatever— what everyone else was doing. Yes, I heard the news. We'll get into Maternal Instinct later after the break, but first, a message from our sponsors."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it at progressive.com. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.

[00:19] **Speaker B:** When I found out I was going to be a parent, I immediately felt a lot of anxiety and worry. So I went on to BetterHelp to try to look for a therapist to help me with that. My relationship with my family and with my boyfriend and with myself were suffering. I really needed help.

[00:35] **Speaker D:** I was ruminating a lot. Really getting those thoughts out to a therapist and getting feedback was just life-changing.

[00:42] **Speaker A:** Discover what BetterHelp online therapy can do for you. Visit betterhelp.com today.

[00:51] **Speaker C:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck's loans up to $400,000 make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau, and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[01:27] **Speaker B:** Yo, yes, I heard the news. I'm your host, SB Randolph, at SB Randolph on Instagram @SPsaidwhat, on the TikTok. Yes, I heard the news. Oh yes, I heard the news. Yeah, oh yes, I heard the news, y'all. We're gonna talk about a lot of things. We gonna talk about a lot of things. I don't know why I'm yelling already. I know why I'm yelling, because We're gonna talk about Maternal Instinct today. Just, here's the thing. All right, let's get into it. I made the misfortunate mistake of telling my father to watch Maternal Instinct, which, if y'all don't know, Maternal Instinct is a documentary of some shit that went down in 2020. Yes, heard the news. A documentary of a real life situation turned legal situation that went down in 2020. But I feel like we were really busy in 2020, so we, you know, we might not have been paying that much attention to the news or things, or the things that got shared, you know, kind of got drowned out by, you know, everyone, you know, just, you know, just people dying. So yes, heard the news. There's nothing funny about people dying. I'm just saying we were in the middle of a crisis, so we missed a lot of things. And so I'm glad that there are these documentaries that are popping up and they're like, here's what happened in 2020. We're like, what? How did I miss that? Because that would have been big news any other year except for 2020, because we were, we were, we were, we were deep in our bullshit. In 2020. I mean, I don't like to talk about COVID and I don't like to talk about the COVID years, but I mean, if we are, we are. Um, yeah, it was, you know, it was a bad time. Uh, I just remember vividly the— I should even say this, but remember they had on the right side of the screen, they had the death counts that would just go up, and you're just like, what? Like, we're just sitting here like, oh Oh my God, like, and so you're just thinking, you're just like looking at your door lock, making sure it's locked, and you're just like, uh, okay, like, you just— and it was just a weird time anyway. So a lot of things slipped through social media because our social media was completely tied to that. And gosh, I remember those— I remember the trucks with like coffins in them. It was a weird time, y'all. And then what— in New York, I feel like, what was— what happened with that they— there are those mass burial sites in New York, you know, where they just— oh, anyways, uh, awful time. Anyway, yes, I heard that, you know, that part of the pandemic— well, the pandemic is over, um, but you know, all of that destruction and devastation is over, but we're still living in the wake of it. So we do, you know, I mean, it's every— every now and then it's fine to acknowledge it. Yes, I heard the news. But anyway, so this Maternal Instinct documentary on Netflix. If y'all haven't seen it, I need you to just— I need you to watch it right now. In fact, stop, stop listening to this. Stop what you're doing. Stop listening to me. And I need you to go watch Maternal Instinct and at least, you know, listen to all— listen, shut up— listen to all of the commercials during the break, all right? Because I need that money. And then, because, you know, I'm going to Europe. So I need you to listen to those commercials. All right. So that's why I had a commercial in the middle of commercial. Commercial in the middle of the commercials. Get y'all listening to commercials. No, actually, if y'all— if you don't know this, I mean, I've said it before, but if you're new to the program, if you don't, you know, if you missed that episode, the reason why I do the fake commercials is because when I first started the podcast, I couldn't get sponsorship and things like that. So I couldn't get ads in it, but I needed to take a break because I started, you know, this alone. And you know what, y'all, I'm moving to a place where I want to have guests. I want to have a visual podcast with guests, like legit, legit visual podcast guests. Some of my celebrity friends and stuff like that come in. But we're— I needed to just get back into it again. So, so you get back talking again. And then, um, so we're working on that. Hopefully by the end of the year, that's the goal. But The point— my point was when I first started, I didn't have commercials. And so— but I needed a break. And so I needed a reason to take a break. But I couldn't put a commercial break in because I couldn't get sponsorships. So I was like, well, how do you take a break without a break? You know, like, so you just go like, hold on, I'm going to take a break. And so I was like, well, I'll just do my own commercials if they won't let me have them.

[06:57] **Speaker E:** I'll do my own.

[07:00] **Speaker B:** So, and don't go back that far into the podcast. But yeah, like the first season, it's like there's no— well, I don't know. I feel like I added commercial breaks into the first season now that I can do commercial breaks. So haha, if you thought you were going to go back and there was not going to be any commercials, you're wrong. But originally there were no breaks. And so I just made a break and then I just kept it. So, but here's the thing. So at the beginning, well, at the beginning, let me say this, they were underproduced. Then if you get into season like 2, 3, they're overproduced, and now they're just kind of mid-produced because I'm like, I cannot pour that much time into a fake commercial anymore, y'all. I would spend hours, hours editing these commercials, sounds, curating sounds and things like— girl, I can't do that no more. Um, let's think if I'm busy, all right. So I got to go to Europe, but I got to write a dissertation. I ain't got time for that anyways. But it's such a fun thing. And so I keep it in. So, you know, there's just little Easter eggs of like in every episode, fake commercial, just because that's how we started, because we just had to make our own. Anyways, yes, I heard the news. So Maternal Instinct on Netflix. I need y'all to watch that immediately if you haven't watched it. Oh boy. Um, uh, I, I— yeah, just stop what you're doing and watch it, or I'm gonna spoil it for you. So, but I don't want to spoil it for you, but that will be after the break when I spoil it for you. But first, so yes, I'm on my way to Europe. Yes, I just got back from DC. Um, Uh, okay, so let's talk. Well, okay, so, all right, so in DC we did have, you know, specific places we were supposed to go, but then we had places that, uh, were suggested that we could go and things like that to fill our time and to fill out assignments. So anyway, but, um, so there was the Natural— oh, see, uh, this is where I'm dumb— the what like the Museum of African American History and Culture, I believe it's called. And, uh, so I went there and I think this was— I feel like it was built during the Obama administration. Let's talk about the Obama Presidential Center for a second. Yes, I heard the news. The Obama Presidential Center is— by the time you're hearing this, it's opened, but, uh, it's having its grand opening and I, you know, I love that artists, celebrities, people, and everybody is showing up. And I know there's a lot of dialogue about brutalist architecture and the, the oppressiveness of the cement structure, but I love, uh, I love that we're having that conversation. And, you know, like, what? Like, why are we— okay, sure, you know, so it's architecturally interesting. So, you know, now we're having a dialogue about that, you know.

[10:40] **Speaker F:** There's no—

[10:40] **Speaker B:** there's not a lot of windows. Okay, well, so every building has to have a shit ton of windows? What are you talking about? Anyways, um, no, it is architecturally significant. Like you, you see it and you know what the fuck it is. That's the point of architecture, is, you know, to stand out and also be functional. Um, and so I'm interested to go visit it. I don't know when I'm gonna be in Chicago. Bitch, I'm from Chicago! If y'all don't know, that's a quote from RuPaul's Drag Race, and they actually have— I don't know who it was who said that, but they have, uh, that drag queen on this new All-Star season of RuPaul's Drag Race. The one who coined "Bitch, I'm from Chicago," because that's the thing they say on RuPaul's Drag Race whenever somebody wants to fight somebody. They go, "Bitch, I'm from Chicago." Anyway, um, so anyway, so Barack Obama Presidential Center is opening, um, with its foreboding architectural structure in Chicago. A very divisive building, which I, I love because that's what it should be. Haters going hate on it and everyone else is going to have a great time. But, you know, but I love that they made it a park and like a place to, you know, sit and relax in the midst of a big city and things like that. I love that. I love it. Anyways, I want to go check it out. I need an excuse to go to Chicago. Like, what is the excuse to go to Chicago? Does anybody know?

[12:27] **Speaker G:** What is—

[12:28] **Speaker B:** what happens? What happens in Chicago that would make a human being want to go there? This is— I'm dead ass serious, y'all, right now. I'm really trying to figure out, because you know what I'm saying? It's like, if you want to go to New York, you go, oh, I'll go see a Broadway show, you know what I'm saying? Or like, you know, you want to go to LA, you go, I'll go to the beach, you know? You want to go to Florida, you say, well, I'm to want to go get eaten by an alligator. So, uh, no, you say, I want to go to Miami, you know, I'm gonna go party in Miami, forget my name. Oh, Miami, y'all. I got some Miami stories. We're not gonna get into it, but you guys heard the news. Um, uh, I don't know why you would go to Chicago. You know, you go to Vegas, ah, let's go see a Cirque du Soleil show, you know what I'm saying? Like, what, you go to— I don't know why you would go to Chicago. I guess this is a reason to go to Chicago.

[13:32] **Speaker A:** Here we go.

[13:33] **Speaker B:** So I think there— I think there's going to be a commercial for the Barack Obama Presidential Center in Chicago that will tell us all the reasons to go to Chicago. I feel like that's coming up later.

[13:52] **Speaker G:** Oh yes, we do.

[13:52] **Speaker F:** I—

[13:52] **Speaker B:** yes, I just checked our commercials and yes, it is, it is one of the commercials that's going to be there. Anyways, so yeah, anyway, so yeah, I just don't know why to go to Chicago. Like, I feel like we just— can somebody make another reason other than the Barack Obama Presidential Center to go to Chicago, please? Because I want to go, but it's just like, I need an excuse. You got to give people an excuse. Anyway, yes, I heard the news. So we went to the— I believe it's called— I should really have looked this up.

[14:28] **Speaker E:** Hold up.

[14:28] **Speaker B:** I believe it's called the African American Museum. Um, nope, the National— oh baby, hold on, let me look this up really quickly. Oh my goodness, what is wrong with me? Oh my goodness, I am such— I, I am so embarrassed for myself. Oh, I don't even— I don't even know where to find it. So hold on, let me just Google it. Okay, hold on. No, I want to keep that tab open.

[15:09] **Speaker E:** Hold on.

[15:13] **Speaker B:** African American Museum. Oh, DC. Yep, here we go. National Museum of African American History and Culture. Yeah, okay, I feel like I did say that at first, but I just forgot it. Um, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, which I believe was open during the Obama administration, and it is architecturally just as distinct as the, uh, Barack Obama Presidential Center in Chicago. I love that though. I love— to me, show me a good building. Show me a good— just show me a good building, you know what I'm saying? I'm trying to see a, a, an interesting building, and I want to go inside, I want to go outside, I want to walk around it, I want to inspect it. Anyway, so we went there. Yes, heard the news. The African-American— shit, I already fucked it up. Yes, I heard the news. The National Museum of African-American History and Culture. We went there, y'all. And hold on, I gotta write this down in my notebook. National Museum of A-A-History and Cultures. Great, we got it. So we went there and, okay, so here's the deal. There's several levels below the ground and then there's levels above the ground. And so what they did when they structured this museum, if you haven't been, we're talking about the, yes sir, the new National Museum of African American History and Culture. And so they structured it so— so slavery and shit is downstairs, right? So you gotta go to the basement for that shit. So then— and then by the time you get to the top, which is, you know, by the time you get back to the lobby, we're at the Obama administration. And then when we get to the upper floors, we're celebrating Black culture. In its many different forms and, you know, moving into, uh, everything after slavery. So it's like, the basement, it's like slavery to Obama. Then, uh, the top floors are celebrating, uh, how Black people have actually just been fucking shit up since then, which we love. Yes, I heard the news. So it's an amazing museum. Okay, so it's— here's the thing, though, too. I love how they designed it because it's a journey and it's a rough— it's a rough motherfucker, y'all. Oh my goodness. It's a rough journey from the— because I started and I did the very bottom. I did it exactly in order and I was like, Lord, Lord, help me, because y'all, we get to that slavery part, you start there. Oh Lord, oh, it is overwhelming in a good way. Like, you gotta—

[18:45] **Speaker I:** you got—

[18:46] **Speaker B:** you got— you have a lot to deal with, and they really put you through it, and they make you deal with it, and it's good. You know, it's good to see the things. It's good to see, um— yes, heard the news— the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, DC You know, it's good to see the slavery artifacts. Like, they got the shackles there, y'all. You know what I'm saying? There's little white kids and stuff. And so I was like, let me get out the way. I don't— let me get out the way because I haven't seen this type of stuff before. But they need to see this so they can know that it's real. And yeah, it was just— ooh, it's tough. It's tough. You know, they're talking about the transatlantic slave trade and whatnot. And, you know, if we go into the Cato Institute and that bullshit that I talked about earlier, the pro-slavery or whatever, you know. And it's just to me what really bothered me about the Cato Institute. If you haven't heard that episode, go check it out. It should be in the description. But what really pissed me off was about that pro-slavery book in the Kushner Library at the Cato Institute funded by the Koch brothers. What really pissed me off the most about that The summary of the book. I never read the book and I never will. Fuck the book and fuck the author. But he, uh, you know, it's from— I think he was from like South Carolina or North Carolina, whatever, whatever. But it's like this whole defense of how slavery didn't— the idea of pro-slavery did not start in the South. But when we really see— here's what pisses me off, and especially about the Cato Institute too, because they had a picture of Frederick Douglass. That's— y'all, I could talk—

[20:30] **Speaker D:** I Oof.

[20:32] **Speaker B:** So what really pissed me off was that it essentially— this, the concept of this book, apparently, allegedly, I've never read it and I never will. But the concept of this book, as I have read in the summary, let me qualify that, is that it is a defense of how slavery did not start in the South. The idea of pro-slavery didn't start in the South. But for the fact that— now, here's the thing. So the first transatlantic slave ship did arrive in Virginia. So from Africa to Virginia. So— and that is a fact, bitch. So we're not going to— we don't— we're not going to debate that because that's a fact. So to me, it's like this author is setting up a straw man. Like, first of all, no one uses Like, no one— you set up an argument that, like, no one—

[21:35] **Speaker F:** it's—

[21:36] **Speaker B:** I don't know who he's— it's a straw man. And then he knocks down his own straw man. Well, the idea of pro-slavery didn't start in the South. What is the idea of pro-slavery? What is it? What do you mean start in the South? You know what I'm saying? What we— what we are saying is the first slave ship arrived in Virginia. Miss— sir, miss, sir. And I feel like I don't know anything about this person or their family, but it feels like this person has a vendetta, and it's probably based on the fact that they are probably a beneficiary of slavery. And, you know, given where they're from, uh, maybe they're not. I don't know. Yes, I heard the news. What I do know is the first slave ship of the transatlantic slave trade arrived from Africa to the state of Virginia in 1619. That's what I do know, sir. Um, anyways, so it just feels like a weird sort of way to sort of wiggle out of what you know to be true. But never mind the pro-slavery book at the Cato Institute, an alleged think tank in Washington, D.C., funded by the Koch brothers, the Kushner Library. All right. So let's get back into the National Museum of African American History and Culture. So It was just a wild journey to see the artifacts and to see the things, and they make it a very— it's a very immersive experience. It's such a beautiful building. And that's how you know— that's why I'm so excited to go to the Obama Presidential Center, because I know it will be a journey. I know it will be a well-crafted journey. I know the architecture lends itself because like the architecture of this museum lends itself to telling a story. So I can't wait to see the story that that building will tell. And that is the difference, do you know what I'm saying? It is not floors and windows, it is an experience. And I don't even— I haven't been there yet. I'm talking about the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, DC. It's an experience. The building is an experience in how it is structured, in its storytelling is an experience. And walking up through the floors and getting into the future and getting into, you know, because we go from slavery to Barack Obama and we go, how the hell, you know what I'm saying? Through, through Jim Crow, through, you know what I'm saying? Like voting, right? We go How the hell did we get here? You know what I'm saying? And that must be what they might be saying too. How the hell did they get here? We done set up a whole system to keep them out of here and they done got all the way here. It's amazing. And then so when you go to the upper floors, it's just a celebration of Black culture and stuff. You know, they got— we got some little iffy stuff too, you know. They had to, you know, like, Bill Cosby over in the corner in the TV section. He over down, down there in the corner. They go, yeah, he was— yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, he— they put him in the corner and they can't talk about that much, which it is what it is, you know what I'm saying? Like, but at least, you know, they'll acknowledge it, but we got to move on. There's a lot of Oprah, but I know she was one of the big dogs. But I mean, she is a big presence in African-American history, despite what you might personally think about her. Whatever. She is— she is Oprah. And so there's a lot of Oprah, which is great. There's a lot of athletic things and stuff they did, you know, all of the sports and things, the Olympics, you know, the holding up the fists on the Olympic podium. I am so excited, y'all. The Olympics is coming to LA in 2028, and I got tickets. So have y'all got your tickets yet? Y'all better sign up and go and get y'all tickets. Anyways, yes, I heard the news. The Olympics are coming. The FIFA people are here right now in LA, so the World Cup is happening right now, and it will still be happening when I get back from Europe. And I'm very stressed out about it because they are everywhere, and everywhere there's a game playing, and there's people all over, people on the subway and stuff. I'm like, "Wah! Where do all these people come from?" But they're very nice, let me just say. They're very nice. They're just trying to get where they're going, and they're very much like, "Does this train go this way?" And I'm like, "Okay, yeah." Like, I need to be the helpful local here. That's what I will do. "Uh, which way to the—" "It's over here, sir. If you go here and you take a left, it'll be 2 blocks that way." that way. Have a wonderful time in our beautiful city that Spencer Pratt hates for some reason, but he's still in, so he won't leave, but he hates it. So I heard, um, wait, what did he— what did he— I don't even care. Let's not give him any air. All right, so, uh, but back to the National Museum of African American History and culture. Um, but yeah, you go to the upper floors, you get like Prince, you know, they got a music section, they got Broadway, we got Dreamgirls and The Wiz, you know, it's like fun. And I was like, you know, just you be proud of your people, you be very proud. Like, after all that shit that was in the basement, somehow we got Michael Jackson, Prince, Oprah, You know, like, just every— all Michelle Obama, you know what I'm saying? We got all of these things, and the way that we've transformed music and culture and television and film, it's astounding from where we came in the little time that we've had. And I'd be proud of it. Y'all, if you're ever in DC, check it out. It's an amazing museum. And I'm gonna go to that— I'm gonna go to the Barack promising. I love all of the musical artists showed up for him, and nobody showed up for the Great American State Fair. They all canceled. I think Vanilla Ice is going to be there, and that's going to be it. Yes, I heard the news. So coming up next, we're going to get into the Netflix documentary Maternal Instinct that, if you haven't seen it, please go watch it right now and then come back to this because wow, 2020 was a wild time and it gets even wilder when you figure out— find out whatever— what everyone else was doing. Yes, I heard the news. We'll get into Maternal Instinct later after the break, but first, a message from our sponsors.

[28:56] **Speaker A:** This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it at progressive.com. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.

[29:16] **Speaker I:** Fuel your fire with Peloton instructors. Show up and experience our instructors breathing energy into your fitness. Need new workout buddies? Peloton Teams helps you find your crew and stay accountable with a support system. Don't just train, connect with others, crush the leaderboard, and rediscover your momentum with the Cross Training Series.

[29:39] **Speaker E:** Come visit the beautiful city of Chicago.

[29:44] **Speaker D:** The name on everybody's lips is—

[29:49] **Speaker E:** Oh, I think I just stepped in shit. Come visit the beautiful city of Chicago.

[29:55] **Speaker B:** Ah, I'm former President Barack Obama, and, uh, I think you're gonna like Chicago. Yeah, me and Michelle, we love it.

[30:09] **Speaker E:** Ah, come visit Chicago.

[30:13] **Speaker D:** Hey, Chicago deep dish pizza, soda, This pizza in the water, just take it and you get a big bite of it. Enjoy it. It's a lot of dough in this bitch, but just keep chewing it. Try swallowing it, you gotta get a lot of spit in your mouth. And just keep chewing, there's a lot of— it's just all dough basically. It's just all dough.

[30:40] **Speaker E:** Why are you still at home? Come visit us in Chicago.

[30:43] **Speaker B:** Come ride the L in Chicago. So I can stab you. Uh, no, no stabbing, no stabbing.

[30:52] **Speaker E:** Oh no. Come visit Chicago.

[30:56] **Speaker D:** Wow, I love all of the tall buildings. Oh, what is that one? Does that one say Trump?

[31:03] **Speaker B:** Uh, no, not that one. Not— no, no. Come visit Chicago. Uh, we got a, we got a Presidential Center. Lots of greenery, a park, wonderful building. People, uh, I think they like it. So, uh, maybe I'll, uh, maybe you should, uh, come and check it out.

[31:28] **Speaker E:** And maybe you'll meet some celebrities when you come and visit Chicago. Hey, it's me, Jussie Smollett, and I may or may not have been put in a noose, and then they may or may not have called me a lot of bad words and things and call me the N-word and stuff. And I may— I may— Ah, never happened. Never, never.

[31:55] **Speaker B:** Be quiet. Nope, never happened. Uh, so, uh, hey, I don't know what that guy's talking about. Get him out of there. So come and visit, uh, Chicago. It's, uh, my kind of town, you could say. I'm President Barack Obama, and I approve this message. So come visit Chicago and forget everything you just heard.

[32:20] **Speaker E:** Come visit Chicago. You heard it here first, folks, from former President Barack Obama.

[32:27] **Speaker B:** Yeah, that's right. Come visit Chicago. You're gonna love it. Oh my goodness. Don't listen to anything you heard before. Trust me. Bitch, I'm from Chicago. No, he's not. No, he's not from Chicago. Oh, they, him, she, they, they're not from Chicago. All right. Just, just come visit.

[32:55] **Speaker A:** This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it at progressive.com. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary.

[33:13] **Speaker G:** Not available in all states. You're always evolving, so sell some things that belong to your former self on eBay. Maybe you had a trinket-obsessed phase, a leather jacket moment, or a year you thought you'd learn to cook. Let some of those versions go. Selling on eBay is easy. Just photograph and list. With millions of buyers, the right things find the right people. Suddenly you've got more space, some extra cash, and someone out there is thrilled to find what you're selling. Find what you love, sell what you don't on eBay.

[33:53] **Speaker B:** We back, we back, we back. Yes, I heard the news, we back. I'm black. Yes, I heard the news. I'm your host SB Randolph III, @SBRandolph on Instagram, @SBsaidwhat on TikTok. What is going on? It's time to get into Maternal Instinct on Netflix, y'all. Yes, I heard the news. Maternal Instinct, a documentary on Netflix. I love— let's talk about it real quick. Sit back and relax. Let me tell you a tale of how I love true crime. Yes, I heard the news. I love true crime because it has awakened me. That's right, I'm woke now. Stop, just stop, stop. Uh, I am— I'm awake because I never knew people, human people, were capable of the depravities that you bitches be capable of. Yes, I heard the news. Okay, so I, I love true crime because I'm just like, because my brain doesn't go to the levels of depravity, and I'm always fascinated. And I hate that because I'm just like, wow, I'm like freaking Pollyanna over here. Like, uh, I never knew that some of these things could even be thought of, and this is one of those things. So we're talking about— yesterday, the news— we're talking about a documentary movie that is shaking the world right now called Maternal Instinct on Netflix, and Oh my gosh, how do we— hold on, let me pull up the description of it so that we can just— so, okay. Maternal Instinct is a gripping and highly disturbing true crime documentary. Yes, I heard the news. That premiered on Netflix. It chronicles the harrowing 2020 story of Taylor Parker, an East Texas woman who faked a president— uh, presidency. Whoa, no, hold on. Who faked a pregnancy, deceived her community. And I'm not— I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try not to give away the end. Yes, I heard the news. Like, let's just stop and go watch it now if you haven't watched it. Just put on please, it's like an hour and a half. All right, just go stop, stop, stop, stop, stop what you're doing, okay? Because I feel like I'm gonna spoil the ending for you, and it's not like a twist. Well, it is, because you don't understand the depths of human depravity until you see shit like this. And you go like, this is why I watch true crime, because that's why I'm like, you know, people like, why are you saying— I'm like, because I watch Dateline. So, because I know what y'all up to when left to your own devices, and I don't like it because my brain don't go to those levels. And I always have to see it and go like, wow, it's just like, you could have been a fiction writer, but instead, you know, you could have been a wildly successful fiction writer with several movie deals, but instead you're the subject of a movie, um, of your thoughts of depravity. Anyways, yes, I heard the news. Maternal Instinct, if you haven't watched it, please go watch right now because I'm going to start talking about it and some details are going to slip out. Anyways, so let's get into what it's about. Oh, I hate this shit so much. Hold on, let's do this. Okay, so So, all right, geez. Okay, so this is in 2020. This is why we, we all hadn't heard about it, because we were all very deeply involved in just staying alive. So it's 2020, um, it's East Texas. People are left to their own devices, and when they are, this is what happens. Events. So basically, the film— here, I'm reading this now from Netflix— the film follows the story of Taylor Parker, a young woman claiming to come from a wealthy family who fell for Wade Griffin, a local hog trapper in East— in an East Texas town, a small East Texas town. All right, so, all right. So, so we have to— there's, there's levels to this shit. Number one, so this is an East Texas town in 2020. So, uh, this woman fell for a hog trapper. Oh, sorry, I was just coughing, I wasn't laughing. A hog trapper. A woman fell for a hog trapper. I don't know what a hog trapper is. I'm sorry, I am laughing because I don't know what a hog trapper is like trapping wild hogs. I'm not even gonna Google it, I don't care. Y'all Google it for me, put it— let me know at SB Randolph on Instagram, uh, SB Said What on TikTok. Um, what is a hog trapper? Anyway, she saw this man named Wade, she thought that was a cat. She said, oh, I gotta get me one of them. She said, oh, I get one of them at— and then she said, you know what, good. And so this weird lady— no bullying, no harassment, TikTok entertainment purposes only— this weird lady, if y'all don't know, that's what we say on TikTok so that the algorithm doesn't punish us for being mean. So you hear me say that, that means I said something mean just then. Um, they go, I love TikTok, I love TikTok shop. So if you're ever watching TikTok Live, somebody goes, I love TikTok Chop, because y'all here, let's hold on, side note. So basically, if you're on TikTok Live, if you're a live person on TikTok Live, what it does is it— you know how when if you shoot a video and you can do the captions of the video, what it does is it's like captioning your live and it's putting it through filters to catch certain words, phrases, and things. And it's also doing the same thing with the video, with images. And so if you say certain things, you could trigger a— what do they call that? You could be penalized because of it. What do they call that? Like a Uh, banana. Banning is called banana. So you could trigger a ban because we can't even say ban on TikTok, so it's been changed to banana. This is how— this, this is literally how censored TikTok is. But so it filters everything through, like it's turning it into words and then it's filtering it through its filters of words you can't say and images that be seen. And so, uh, so yeah, so when people are going live on TikTok and they go like, oh, I love TikTok Shop, that means they just said something that might trigger it. So then they immediately have to say, I love TikTok Shop, to trigger the other response of saying, oh, they're promoting TikTok Shop. And then it lets you keep going because you're making them money. This is real, y'all. So, so it— so you have to trigger the other response so that it knows the algorithm, because you're only dealing with an algorithm. And then you can appeal to like probably a less stringent algorithm, and eventually you can probably appeal to a person. But basically you're dealing with an algorithm, so you're trying to trick the algorithm into understanding thinking that you are trying to sell something when you're actually not. And so that's why if you ever are on TikTok and people, they say something, they go, oh, I love TikTok, ciao. They're just tricking the algorithm. Anyways, TikTok is the most, most censored, like outlandishly censored space. In the internet. But anyways, gotta love it. And I mean very specifically, this new version of TikTok is even worse. Okay, let's get into it. Maternal Instinct. So I never knew people were capable of these— this type of inhumanity, and it is shocking to me. Like, I mean, I knew it, but like, damn. But you think like, you know, idle time is the devil's workshop, and the devil was at work with this bitch. So this bitch, right? Yeah, I feel perfectly fine saying that. Um, I mean, should I spoil or not? I mean, let's just say I'm not gonna spoil. Y'all need to watch it. So this woman faked a pregnancy, not a presidency. She faked a pregnancy, and she at some point had to come up with the baby. Baby. Let's just leave it at that. I swear to God. Oh Lord, this woman had to come up with a baby at a certain point. You gotta ante up, you gotta, you gotta go all in. And you know, you would think certain things, you'd be like, oh well, she'll— because, well, first of all, let's talk about this woman had hysterectomy. Just widely known, this woman had already had a hysterectomy. Me. She meets this hog trapper named Wade, and she says she has a lot of money and a ranch coming her way. And then she says she's pregnant with Wade's baby, and 9 months later she got to come up with a baby. So, uh, she gotta come up with a baby. Oh Lord. Anyway, I'm not gonna tell you how she got that baby, but, um, it's a wild ride. Maternal Instinct. I told my dad to watch it. He's like— my dad is dumb, but he's still shocked about this. He's like, he's like, why Wei do that? I'm like, Dad, I don't know. He's like, Wei 'Now come on, Wade.' Like, you knew, Wade. You knew she ain't had no baby. Why didn't she let you go to any other doctor's appointments, Wade? Like, I'm like, 'Dad, Wade can't hear you, brother.' He's like, 'This happened in Texas. Why the— Wade?' Wade is not your son, Dad. Like, he can't— he can't hear you. He's like, 'Wade, dude, he should have known better than that,' you know? And then, because you wonder Sometimes I wonder, like, like, who voted for this UFC fight at the White House? And now I know it was Wade. So anyways, check out Maternal Instinct if you want to ruin your day. Um, I love true crime. Uh, uh, I love true crime videos on Facebook. I love true crime videos on TikTok. If you search missing person, true crime missing person on TikTok, y'all. Oh, you will have a night. Yes, there's the news. I'm your host, SB Randolph III. Thank you for listening. What a wonderful episode. I want y'all to watch Maternal Instinct on Netflix and find out the ending. I'm not gonna ruin it for you. No spoilers happened. Um, check us out Next time we'll be talking about other things. I don't know. Thank y'all for listening. Ah, we'll see you in Chicago. All right, see you next time.

[47:26] **Speaker A:** Insurance isn't one size fits all. That's why drivers have enjoyed Progressive's Name Your Price tool for years now. With the Name Your Price tool, you tell them what you want to pay and they'll show you options that fit your budget. So whether you're picking out your first policy or just looking for something that works better for you and your family, they make it easy to see your options. Visit progressive.com. Find a rate that works for you with the Name Your Price tool. Tool. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.

[47:55] **Speaker F:** OnDeck is built to back small businesses like yours. Whether you're buying equipment, expanding your team, or bridging cash flow gaps, OnDeck loans up to $400,000 help make it happen fast. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and earning thousands of 5-star Trustpilot reviews, OnDeck delivers funding you can count on. Apply in minutes at ondeck.com. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.

[48:24] **Speaker H:** Playing mobile games and not getting rewarded for it is a thing of the past. Why haven't you switched yet? If you're gonna spend the time playing, you should be earning rewards doing it. With MistPlay, you play what you love and earn points for gift cards and more. Plus, you can enter the MistPlay sweepstakes for your chance to win tens of thousands of dollars in cash cash, bundles, and gift cards every week. So yeah, keep playing games, just maybe get rewarded for it? Download MistPlay today and enter for your chance to win!
