# What's In The News? Mini #388

**Show:** Your Angry Neighborhood Feminist
**Date Published:** 2026-05-22
**Date Found:** 2026-05-22
**URL:** https://audioboom.com/channels/4942692?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 29 minutes

## Summary

This 29-minute episode of Your Angry Neighborhood Feminist mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Your Angry Neighborhood Feminist

## Key Moment

> "Okay, which is it? On budget? Under budget? Either way, it's a lie. When Trump returned from his visit to China with Xi Jinping, he added another justification as to why the shithouse needs a new ballroom. About 3 hours after Air Force One left Beijing on Friday, Trump posted to Truth Social boasting, quote, China has a ballroom and so should the USA. Alongside an image of himself and President Xi outside the Great Hall of the People, which is a vast government complex where he attended a state banquet. I'm going to get into Trump's visit to China in a little bit. Trump went on writing about his own ballroom and how it will be the, quote, finest facility of its kind anywhere in the USA, and how it'll be scheduled to open around September of 2028. Since announcing his plans for the new ballroom last summer, like I mentioned, the size of the ballroom has grown and the cost has grown as well. Initially, he said the cost would be $200 million, but the price tag has now reached $400 million. The GOP has included $1 billion for ballroom security in the Senate budget reconciliation bill, but Senate Homeland Security Committee Chair Rand Paul said there's a good chance it'll be removed from the bill before it ever reaches the Senate floor. This whole conversation is already getting so old to me. I don't understand why we have to spend so much of America's money on this new ballroom. I'm really tired of the security excuse. You know, why could we have not just improved the security that we had in the ballroom that we already had? All of this is just clearly another way that Trump wants to overtake the shite house and really change the history of it. I'm gonna go on to another example of that by talking about the Lincoln Memorial reflecting pool. Trump has also decided that it was time to upgrade this memorial. The basin of the pool has always been gray, but now Trump is painting it, quote, American flag blue, whatever the fuck that means. When talking about the color earlier this month, Chump said, it's much more beautiful than it was because it never had the color people wanted, but now it's going to have a great color. Again, what do you mean? I have never heard of someone being like, man, I really wish that this reflecting pool were blue instead of gray. What a bummer. The Interior Department told CNN in a statement that the new color will "enhance visitor experience and improve reflection over the existing gray concrete." But an expert has since come forward saying that he couldn't disagree more, and insists that visitors would miss out on seeing themselves in the water as part of the commemorative landscape. And that is true. This is not a swimming pool. This is supposed to be a piece of art. And the color made it so that a person looking into the reflective pool could literally see themselves in history. I've never been there myself. I would really love to visit D.C., actually. But I've seen many pictures. I've seen many videos of events that have taken place there. And you see the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument being reflected in this pool. So when you look in, it looks like you are a part of the picture, and that is part of the intention behind it. So with changing it to blue, it really does sound like it's going to be more like a swimming pool. And because it won't be as dark, possibly less reflective. The president of the Cultural Landscape Foundation, Charles Birnbaum, said in court papers filed last week— because yes, there is a lawsuit going on— quote, without immediate judicial intervention, defendants will deface an iconic American landmark in open violation of congressionally mandated procedures. The lawsuit argued that the project violates federal laws requiring the Interior Department to complete a consultation process, which includes informing the public on the plans and getting input from other federal agencies before beginning the project. There's also a concern about how the new paint will affect the environment, as the administration has also skirted around laws mandating an environmental assessment. Last Thursday, the Memorial Reflecting Pool was entirely drained, and on Saturday, Trump posted photos of a sample test of the new color, showing the painted pool with a small amount of water in it. Critics say the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool now looks more like a swimming pool. And that's probably because Trump hired a pool guy to do the job. Trump initially said the contractor is one that worked on swimming pools for him in the past and that he was, quote, unbelievable at it. He said in the Oval Office last month, he looked at it, he called me up, he said, sir, we can do something on it. Earlier this month, Trump said he's spoken to 3 other companies to look at the project and that, quote, The best one gave me a great price. But now, this week, Trump said that the contract went to a contractor I did not know and have never used before. Marud, which one is it? Judy Scott Feldman of the National Mall Coalition said, quote, it's not supposed to look like you're going to dive in and swim. It's intended to reflect the great geometry of the classic temple that is the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. More importantly, many, including myself, see this as Trump literally painting over history. The Lincoln Memorial is the site of many historical events, including the March on Washington and Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech, as well as a protest against the Vietnam War in 1967, which gathered 100,000 protesters. Looking at the monument's Wikipedia page, I also learned that in 1939, singer Marian Anderson, who was Black, was denied permission to perform at Constitution Hall in Washington due to color barriers. So in protest, an open-air concert was held on Easter Sunday at the Lincoln Memorial with a crowd of 75,000 people. Since then, the spot has continued to be significant for other human rights issues protests and demonstrations, as well as the location for many other significant species. On top of all of that, the cost, of course, is another issue. At first, Trump claimed this would cost $1.8 million, but federal records show that this has now reached $13.1 million. To paint a basin? According to the Interior Department, this is attributed to speeding up the project in time for the country's 250th birthday celebrations. Officials said the quicker timeline meant more workers working longer hours. Shut the fuck up. Now, going back to that visit to China, this was Trump's first visit to China since 2017, and back in 2017, he was greeted with a lavish welcome and state banquet, along with a tour of a 15th-century temple and numerous meetings with President Xi. The state banquet held last Thursday was attended by Trump and his cronies, including Elon Musk, Eric Trump, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, and Marco Rubio. They were served lobster, pork, and tiramisu, and a Chinese military band performed one of Donald Trump's favorite songs, the Village People's YMCA. Wait, I forgot. I was gonna see if I could find a clip of this because I'm really curious what this sounded like. Damn, I can't find a clip of it anywhere. Anyway, during Trump's speech, he thanked the Chinese government for their warm welcome and referred to the president as his friend. He also touched on the shared history of China and the United States, saying, just as many Chinese now love basketball and blue jeans, Chinese restaurants in America today outnumber the 5 largest fast food chains in America all combined. That's a pretty big statement. Again, I say, my dude, what the fuck? What a fucking joke. Xi made his speech after Trump's and described the trip as historic. He also called both the US and China to be, quote, partners rather than rivals, adding, we must make it work. During their private meeting, much of their discussion revolved around the war in Iran. Trump told Fox News that Xi offered to help mediate the conflict and said both sides agreed the Strait of Hormuz should remain open. Taiwan was also mentioned in the discussions. Before Trump came to China, Xi issued a warning for him, saying that the mishandling of the Taiwan issue could lead to clashes or even conflict, and called it an extremely dangerous situation. I read an article from The Independent that Beijing entered the talks hoping to secure concessions from Trump on Taiwan, particularly around American arms sales, diplomatic language, and official engagement with Taipei. I'm going to try to sum up a brief history of this whole situation, but I promise you it will not be perfect. But this is what I learned. In 1979, the US established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China and recognized Beijing as the only legal government of China. Then there was the Taiwan Relations Act, which was enacted the same year, which is a US law that outlines how the US can maintain unofficial ties with Taiwan, allowing the US to continue economic, cultural, and security relations with Taiwan. The act also permits arms sales to Taiwan to help it maintain its self-defense and proclaims that any non-peaceful effort to decide Taiwan's future would be a serious concern for the United States. Fast forward to 2018, the Taiwan Travel Act allowed high-level US officials to visit Taiwan and vice versa. Taiwan is important to the United States due to its key location in the first island chain of the major Pacific island groups near the East Asian continental mainland coast. It is considered a strategic military barrier to accessing the wider Pacific Ocean, given the relative shallowness of waters to the west of the first island chain, which has important implications for submarine detection. Taiwan is also the 9th largest trading partner with the United States. Beijing sees Taiwan as a breakaway part of mainland China that must eventually be unified. Taiwan is currently a self-governing democracy, and polls indicate that the public largely doesn't want to be ruled by Xi Jinping. The US formally recognizes the People's Republic of China as the government of China, and it doesn't recognize Taiwan as a sovereign nation. But via the Taiwan Relations Act, the United States is obligated to provide the island with the means to defend itself. So we're in a bit of a sticky situation over here. When asked about the US weapons sales to the island, Trump said, "We're gonna see what happens." Okay, I guess we will. He also balked off the idea that China had threatened the United States despite communications put out by President Xi's communications team following the first meeting between the two leaders on Thursday. In response to the summit in Beijing, Taiwanese government spokesperson Michelle Lee claimed on Thursday that China's military threat was, quote, the sole source of insecurity in the Taiwan Strait and the broader Indo-Pacific region. Continuously strengthening national defense and effective collective deterrence is the single most critical factor in ensuring regional peace and stability. Xi's spokesperson Mao Ning wrote on the app formerly known as Twitter, quote, the Taiwan question is the most important issue in China-US relations. If it is handled properly, the bilateral relationship will enjoy overall stability. Otherwise, the two countries will have clashes and even conflicts, putting the entire relationship in great jeopardy. I don't know, that sounds like a threat to me. Next up, you all know I'm an LA girlie. I've lived here for almost 16 years, so I need to talk about the absolute shitshow that is this mayoral election. I'm a really bad millennial because I didn't grow up watching The Hills, yet somehow I know who Spencer Pratt is, and everything I know about him has been put into my brain without my consent. But now that he's running for mayor in Los Angeles, I have to give a little bit of a shit about him in order to know why I hate him so much. For those of you who don't know the guy, he is yet another American reality TV personality and rose to fame after he began a very toxic relationship with Heidi Montag of The Hills. The couple's subsequent marriage and divorce was media fodder for years and they both profited quite a bit off of both. More recently, Pratt made the news when his home in the Pacific Palisades was destroyed in the awful fires that ravaged the city last year. In January 2025, he sued the city of Los Angeles and pushed for an investigation into Gavin Newsom and Mayor Karen Bass over their reactions to the fires. You know, do I think that they handled things great? No. Do I think Spencer Pratt would have handled things better? Fuck no. It was on the 1-year anniversary of his house being burned down that Pratt announced his intent to run for mayor in the 2026 LA election. In a nutshell, Spencer is a registered Republican who is in a nonpartisan race. He's trying to distance himself a little bit from the Republican vibe. But pretty much everyone who is rooting for him is incredibly conservative, and his policies are also incredibly conservative. So I don't know who he's trying to kid. Some of his ideas regarding policy include increased funding to the LAPD, decreasing funding that would go toward the unhoused, and cracking down on street takeovers. What the fuck? Like, my guy, do you want to ruin this city? I was just talking to Max about this earlier today when we were driving around the city because I'm like, there is so much that needs to be done that will actually help the people living in this city. It is so fucking expensive. It is dirty and disgusting in most places. There are so many issues with our infrastructure. And yet we are throwing so much money at the LAPD every single year, which I'm going to get into in a little bit. And for some reason, there is a group of people that have this idea in their head that by funding the police more, somehow the people will also be helped more, which is just not how this works. The LAPD has increasingly gotten more and more and more money every single year, and yet our lives have only gotten worse. Honestly, if we were to just put that money back into the people of Los Angeles, create more resources, if we could actually take care of the issue regarding the unhoused, I mean, I think that that would be a benefit to everyone, and I don't understand how some people cannot see it that way. I mean, I guess those are people that completely lack empathy and have been famous since like their teens, like Spencer Pratt, and don't actually live on this planet anymore. And that's the worst fucking part about living in this city, is that the influential people are not fucking people. I swear, like, I've met so many actors. There have been many that I've liked that I think are very nice people. They don't live on the same planet. That we do. That's why you always have to be skeptical. I don't mean to sound paranoid, but it's true. These people are not looking out for our best interest, and they do not care about the everyman because they are so focused on themselves and their own little bubbles. It drives me crazy. Going back to the LAPD, they are the third largest municipal police department in the United States. Following the NYPD and Chicago PD. For the LAPD's 2025-26 fiscal year, the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners has approved a $2.14 billion budget, which is an 8.1% increase compared to the previous year's budget. Oh my God, that is so much money. Spencer says he wants to incarcerate anyone who takes part in a street takeover, which is an informal and often illegal demonstration of car stunts usually held in vacant lots and public intersections. It's a Bay Area LA thing, and they originated out of Oakland, the home of Alyssa Liu, in the 1980s. In regards to the unhoused, drug addiction, and mental health in the city, his policy ideas would stall or even be a major setback to the very little progress that's been made. And honestly, it's something that I've been noticing a lot more living in the part of LA that I do. It isn't uncommon for there to be little encampments and for me to see spots where the unhoused like to convene, but we've had a few instances lately where unhoused people have come up to our kitchen window pounding on it and riling up our dogs on purpose, and it really does make me feel unsafe. I want these people to get help. I truly do care about the unhoused community, but at the same time, I want to be able to feel safe leaving my house when a lot of these people are either dealing with drug addictions that make it very debilitating for them, or they're dealing with terrible mental health struggles that can also be really scary for someone to go up against. And that is why we need compassion and care and resources for that community, because in the end it is going to benefit everybody. However, in a debate this month hosted by KNBC, Spencer characterized himself as a community advocate like former President Barack Obama. Girl, girl. In the same debate, he denied being a part of MAGA. Yeah, right. He argued that super meth is fueling homelessness in the city. What? And that he would direct the LAPD to increase patrols around synagogues and Shabbat centers. I was unaware of what super meth was, so I looked it up, and I guess it just means that it's regular meth that's just super fucking pure and cheap. And apparently lasts 24 hours and is also being laced with fentanyl. So be careful out there. Spencer's campaign has been heavy on social media, and AI videos and other viral shit is being made to support him all the time. I read about some AI video where he was Batman and people like Kamala Harris and other Democratic politicians were the villains, and he was like fighting them, and he said that he didn't make that, someone else did. But it's all just such childish, stupid shit, really. It's been primarily conservatives who are supporting Spencer Pratt in this race, and quote-unquote celebs like Katharine McPhee from American Idol in the mid-2000s have donated to his campaign. Other endorsements include the sheriff of Riverside County, Chad Bianco, Paris Hilton, Joe Rogan, U.S. Senator Rick Scott, and of course Donald Trump. You know, Paris, you're really disappointing me. I've gone back and forth on her over the years because I feel like she is doing some really great work when it comes to the— oh shit, what's it called— the teen camps, the correctional camps for teens and stuff like that, which I do need to do an episode on. And I know that there is a phrase or term for that that is not reaching my brain right now, but I feel like she has become a really wonderful advocate, and I thought that she was using her platform for good. But endorsing someone like Spencer Pratt is really like 10 steps backward for me in how much I like her. So very disappointed. But of course Donald Trump is a fan of Spencer Pratt, and the comparisons to Chump and Pratt are quite plain to see. They're both former reality TV stars with little political experience. They're both plainspoken, and they both use controversial and combative language. But we have to remember that Trump lost the county of LA by 49 points in 2016, 44 points in 2020, and 33 points in 2024, which to me is still concerning because those numbers are dwindling. But I think some people see Spencer Pratt as being less of a threat than Chump for some reason, even though he's been named the best reality TV villain of all time in numerous occasions. I'm not entirely thrilled with any of the options for mayor, if I'm being honest, but I also really don't want Karen Bass to remain in the position either. I feel like my best bet is gonna be Nithya Raman who was born in India but moved to the US, Louisiana in particular, when she was 6 years old. She's known as an urban planner, activist, and LA politician serving as a council member for the 4th District since 2020. She is a member of the Democratic Party and the Democratic Socialists of America. I like that she's made her position of being pro-Palestine very known, but there is going to be a caveat in a little bit. So I'm going to warn you. In November 2023, she adjourned a city council meeting to memorialize the many civilian lives that have now been lost in Gaza. In 2024, she and other LA council members introduced a municipal resolution to call for an immediate and permanent ceasefire in Gaza. But in the same year, she also received the endorsement of Democrats for Israel Los Angeles. An organization that describes itself as a pro-Israel voice across all of Los Angeles County, to the Democratic Party. This led to a censure from the LA chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America, although her endorsement for reelection has remained. But surprisingly, for the 2026 race, the DFI LA is endorsing Karen Bass. So maybe I do need to do a little bit more research, but I have not been thrilled with Ms. Bass's performance. And like I said, I don't really love any of my options here. We do not have a Zohran Momdani figure to fight for and cheer for. So I guess we're just gonna have to get what we get. But as long as we do not get Spencer Pratt or any other conservative Republican running Los Angeles, I think that we will at least be in a somewhat better position. So let this just be a reminder that even though this person is a celebrity and people can get parasocial relationships, or you feel like you really like someone because you're watching them on your TV in your living room or on your phone or whatever, it really does become a very intimate experience and you feel like you know these people. Therefore, you want to see them for some reason be in charge of our governments. But we should not fall for this. Please do your research. Use your own common sense. I never want to explicitly tell you who to vote for. That's not what I'm here for. But I do really hope that by using your critical thinking skills and your common sense, it is very plain to see that Spencer Pratt and the likes of him are not what we need in this country. Anywhere in any form of government. Get the fuck out. All right everyone, that is all I have for you today. Thank you so much for listening to another episode. If there are any news topics that you want me to cover in the future, I would really, really love to hear from you. So send me a direct message on Instagram at Angry Neighborhood Feminist or email me at neighborhoodfeminist@gmail.com. If you like the show and you think others would too, I would also really appreciate some more reviews on Apple Podcasts. I recently read a review that someone posted a couple of weeks ago, and I've gotten another one. So I want to give Erica Millie G a shout out. Your message was so incredibly sweet and kind and made me feel really good and was a confidence boost. So I really, really appreciate it. And I'm gonna read just one sentence from this review because I laughed out loud when I read it. They wrote, "The cherry on top is that her voice is not annoying." Oh my God, thank you so much, because I find my own voice incredibly annoying. But I think that everyone finds their own voice really obnoxious. But thank you so much. Like, seriously, your message was so sweet, and I really, really appreciate it. It is incredibly helpful. So If you're a fan of the show, definitely go do that. I truly, truly appreciate it so much, and I'll keep doing these shoutouts too if y'all like hearing me say your names. Also, if you want to support the show in another way, I do have a Patreon. You can get all of these episodes a little bit early and ad-free for just a few bucks a month. So follow the link in the show notes for that. And with that, that is all I have for you today. With all that being said, I encourage you to rage on. Bye! P.S. There is going to be something very new about the show coming soon. Stay tuned."
> — Speaker B at 01:27
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:27] Speaker B: "Okay, which is it? On budget? Under budget? Either way, it's a lie. When Trump returned from his visit to China with Xi Jinping, he added another justification as to why the shithouse needs a new ballroom. About 3 hours after Air Force One left Beijing on Friday, Trump posted to Truth Social boasting, quote, China has a ballroom and so should the USA. Alongside an image of himself and President Xi outside the Great Hall of the People, which is a vast government complex where he attended a state banquet. I'm going to get into Trump's visit to China in a little bit. Trump went on writing about his own ballroom and how it will be the, quote, finest facility of its kind anywhere in the USA, and how it'll be scheduled to open around September of 2028. Since announcing his plans for the new ballroom last summer, like I mentioned, the size of the ballroom has grown and the cost has grown as well. Initially, he said the cost would be $200 million, but the price tag has now reached $400 million. The GOP has included $1 billion for ballroom security in the Senate budget reconciliation bill, but Senate Homeland Security Committee Chair Rand Paul said there's a good chance it'll be removed from the bill before it ever reaches the Senate floor. This whole conversation is already getting so old to me. I don't understand why we have to spend so much of America's money on this new ballroom. I'm really tired of the security excuse. You know, why could we have not just improved the security that we had in the ballroom that we already had? All of this is just clearly another way that Trump wants to overtake the shite house and really change the history of it. I'm gonna go on to another example of that by talking about the Lincoln Memorial reflecting pool. Trump has also decided that it was time to upgrade this memorial. The basin of the pool has always been gray, but now Trump is painting it, quote, American flag blue, whatever the fuck that means. When talking about the color earlier this month, Chump said, it's much more beautiful than it was because it never had the color people wanted, but now it's going to have a great color. Again, what do you mean? I have never heard of someone being like, man, I really wish that this reflecting pool were blue instead of gray. What a bummer. The Interior Department told CNN in a statement that the new color will "enhance visitor experience and improve reflection over the existing gray concrete." But an expert has since come forward saying that he couldn't disagree more, and insists that visitors would miss out on seeing themselves in the water as part of the commemorative landscape. And that is true. This is not a swimming pool. This is supposed to be a piece of art. And the color made it so that a person looking into the reflective pool could literally see themselves in history. I've never been there myself. I would really love to visit D.C., actually. But I've seen many pictures. I've seen many videos of events that have taken place there. And you see the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument being reflected in this pool. So when you look in, it looks like you are a part of the picture, and that is part of the intention behind it. So with changing it to blue, it really does sound like it's going to be more like a swimming pool. And because it won't be as dark, possibly less reflective. The president of the Cultural Landscape Foundation, Charles Birnbaum, said in court papers filed last week— because yes, there is a lawsuit going on— quote, without immediate judicial intervention, defendants will deface an iconic American landmark in open violation of congressionally mandated procedures. The lawsuit argued that the project violates federal laws requiring the Interior Department to complete a consultation process, which includes informing the public on the plans and getting input from other federal agencies before beginning the project. There's also a concern about how the new paint will affect the environment, as the administration has also skirted around laws mandating an environmental assessment. Last Thursday, the Memorial Reflecting Pool was entirely drained, and on Saturday, Trump posted photos of a sample test of the new color, showing the painted pool with a small amount of water in it. Critics say the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool now looks more like a swimming pool. And that's probably because Trump hired a pool guy to do the job. Trump initially said the contractor is one that worked on swimming pools for him in the past and that he was, quote, unbelievable at it. He said in the Oval Office last month, he looked at it, he called me up, he said, sir, we can do something on it. Earlier this month, Trump said he's spoken to 3 other companies to look at the project and that, quote, The best one gave me a great price. But now, this week, Trump said that the contract went to a contractor I did not know and have never used before. Marud, which one is it? Judy Scott Feldman of the National Mall Coalition said, quote, it's not supposed to look like you're going to dive in and swim. It's intended to reflect the great geometry of the classic temple that is the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. More importantly, many, including myself, see this as Trump literally painting over history. The Lincoln Memorial is the site of many historical events, including the March on Washington and Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech, as well as a protest against the Vietnam War in 1967, which gathered 100,000 protesters. Looking at the monument's Wikipedia page, I also learned that in 1939, singer Marian Anderson, who was Black, was denied permission to perform at Constitution Hall in Washington due to color barriers. So in protest, an open-air concert was held on Easter Sunday at the Lincoln Memorial with a crowd of 75,000 people. Since then, the spot has continued to be significant for other human rights issues protests and demonstrations, as well as the location for many other significant species. On top of all of that, the cost, of course, is another issue. At first, Trump claimed this would cost $1.8 million, but federal records show that this has now reached $13.1 million. To paint a basin? According to the Interior Department, this is attributed to speeding up the project in time for the country's 250th birthday celebrations. Officials said the quicker timeline meant more workers working longer hours. Shut the fuck up. Now, going back to that visit to China, this was Trump's first visit to China since 2017, and back in 2017, he was greeted with a lavish welcome and state banquet, along with a tour of a 15th-century temple and numerous meetings with President Xi. The state banquet held last Thursday was attended by Trump and his cronies, including Elon Musk, Eric Trump, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, and Marco Rubio. They were served lobster, pork, and tiramisu, and a Chinese military band performed one of Donald Trump's favorite songs, the Village People's YMCA. Wait, I forgot. I was gonna see if I could find a clip of this because I'm really curious what this sounded like. Damn, I can't find a clip of it anywhere. Anyway, during Trump's speech, he thanked the Chinese government for their warm welcome and referred to the president as his friend. He also touched on the shared history of China and the United States, saying, just as many Chinese now love basketball and blue jeans, Chinese restaurants in America today outnumber the 5 largest fast food chains in America all combined. That's a pretty big statement. Again, I say, my dude, what the fuck? What a fucking joke. Xi made his speech after Trump's and described the trip as historic. He also called both the US and China to be, quote, partners rather than rivals, adding, we must make it work. During their private meeting, much of their discussion revolved around the war in Iran. Trump told Fox News that Xi offered to help mediate the conflict and said both sides agreed the Strait of Hormuz should remain open. Taiwan was also mentioned in the discussions. Before Trump came to China, Xi issued a warning for him, saying that the mishandling of the Taiwan issue could lead to clashes or even conflict, and called it an extremely dangerous situation. I read an article from The Independent that Beijing entered the talks hoping to secure concessions from Trump on Taiwan, particularly around American arms sales, diplomatic language, and official engagement with Taipei. I'm going to try to sum up a brief history of this whole situation, but I promise you it will not be perfect. But this is what I learned. In 1979, the US established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China and recognized Beijing as the only legal government of China. Then there was the Taiwan Relations Act, which was enacted the same year, which is a US law that outlines how the US can maintain unofficial ties with Taiwan, allowing the US to continue economic, cultural, and security relations with Taiwan. The act also permits arms sales to Taiwan to help it maintain its self-defense and proclaims that any non-peaceful effort to decide Taiwan's future would be a serious concern for the United States. Fast forward to 2018, the Taiwan Travel Act allowed high-level US officials to visit Taiwan and vice versa. Taiwan is important to the United States due to its key location in the first island chain of the major Pacific island groups near the East Asian continental mainland coast. It is considered a strategic military barrier to accessing the wider Pacific Ocean, given the relative shallowness of waters to the west of the first island chain, which has important implications for submarine detection. Taiwan is also the 9th largest trading partner with the United States. Beijing sees Taiwan as a breakaway part of mainland China that must eventually be unified. Taiwan is currently a self-governing democracy, and polls indicate that the public largely doesn't want to be ruled by Xi Jinping. The US formally recognizes the People's Republic of China as the government of China, and it doesn't recognize Taiwan as a sovereign nation. But via the Taiwan Relations Act, the United States is obligated to provide the island with the means to defend itself. So we're in a bit of a sticky situation over here. When asked about the US weapons sales to the island, Trump said, "We're gonna see what happens." Okay, I guess we will. He also balked off the idea that China had threatened the United States despite communications put out by President Xi's communications team following the first meeting between the two leaders on Thursday. In response to the summit in Beijing, Taiwanese government spokesperson Michelle Lee claimed on Thursday that China's military threat was, quote, the sole source of insecurity in the Taiwan Strait and the broader Indo-Pacific region. Continuously strengthening national defense and effective collective deterrence is the single most critical factor in ensuring regional peace and stability. Xi's spokesperson Mao Ning wrote on the app formerly known as Twitter, quote, the Taiwan question is the most important issue in China-US relations. If it is handled properly, the bilateral relationship will enjoy overall stability. Otherwise, the two countries will have clashes and even conflicts, putting the entire relationship in great jeopardy. I don't know, that sounds like a threat to me. Next up, you all know I'm an LA girlie. I've lived here for almost 16 years, so I need to talk about the absolute shitshow that is this mayoral election. I'm a really bad millennial because I didn't grow up watching The Hills, yet somehow I know who Spencer Pratt is, and everything I know about him has been put into my brain without my consent. But now that he's running for mayor in Los Angeles, I have to give a little bit of a shit about him in order to know why I hate him so much. For those of you who don't know the guy, he is yet another American reality TV personality and rose to fame after he began a very toxic relationship with Heidi Montag of The Hills. The couple's subsequent marriage and divorce was media fodder for years and they both profited quite a bit off of both. More recently, Pratt made the news when his home in the Pacific Palisades was destroyed in the awful fires that ravaged the city last year. In January 2025, he sued the city of Los Angeles and pushed for an investigation into Gavin Newsom and Mayor Karen Bass over their reactions to the fires. You know, do I think that they handled things great? No. Do I think Spencer Pratt would have handled things better? Fuck no. It was on the 1-year anniversary of his house being burned down that Pratt announced his intent to run for mayor in the 2026 LA election. In a nutshell, Spencer is a registered Republican who is in a nonpartisan race. He's trying to distance himself a little bit from the Republican vibe. But pretty much everyone who is rooting for him is incredibly conservative, and his policies are also incredibly conservative. So I don't know who he's trying to kid. Some of his ideas regarding policy include increased funding to the LAPD, decreasing funding that would go toward the unhoused, and cracking down on street takeovers. What the fuck? Like, my guy, do you want to ruin this city? I was just talking to Max about this earlier today when we were driving around the city because I'm like, there is so much that needs to be done that will actually help the people living in this city. It is so fucking expensive. It is dirty and disgusting in most places. There are so many issues with our infrastructure. And yet we are throwing so much money at the LAPD every single year, which I'm going to get into in a little bit. And for some reason, there is a group of people that have this idea in their head that by funding the police more, somehow the people will also be helped more, which is just not how this works. The LAPD has increasingly gotten more and more and more money every single year, and yet our lives have only gotten worse. Honestly, if we were to just put that money back into the people of Los Angeles, create more resources, if we could actually take care of the issue regarding the unhoused, I mean, I think that that would be a benefit to everyone, and I don't understand how some people cannot see it that way. I mean, I guess those are people that completely lack empathy and have been famous since like their teens, like Spencer Pratt, and don't actually live on this planet anymore. And that's the worst fucking part about living in this city, is that the influential people are not fucking people. I swear, like, I've met so many actors. There have been many that I've liked that I think are very nice people. They don't live on the same planet. That we do. That's why you always have to be skeptical. I don't mean to sound paranoid, but it's true. These people are not looking out for our best interest, and they do not care about the everyman because they are so focused on themselves and their own little bubbles. It drives me crazy. Going back to the LAPD, they are the third largest municipal police department in the United States. Following the NYPD and Chicago PD. For the LAPD's 2025-26 fiscal year, the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners has approved a $2.14 billion budget, which is an 8.1% increase compared to the previous year's budget. Oh my God, that is so much money. Spencer says he wants to incarcerate anyone who takes part in a street takeover, which is an informal and often illegal demonstration of car stunts usually held in vacant lots and public intersections. It's a Bay Area LA thing, and they originated out of Oakland, the home of Alyssa Liu, in the 1980s. In regards to the unhoused, drug addiction, and mental health in the city, his policy ideas would stall or even be a major setback to the very little progress that's been made. And honestly, it's something that I've been noticing a lot more living in the part of LA that I do. It isn't uncommon for there to be little encampments and for me to see spots where the unhoused like to convene, but we've had a few instances lately where unhoused people have come up to our kitchen window pounding on it and riling up our dogs on purpose, and it really does make me feel unsafe. I want these people to get help. I truly do care about the unhoused community, but at the same time, I want to be able to feel safe leaving my house when a lot of these people are either dealing with drug addictions that make it very debilitating for them, or they're dealing with terrible mental health struggles that can also be really scary for someone to go up against. And that is why we need compassion and care and resources for that community, because in the end it is going to benefit everybody. However, in a debate this month hosted by KNBC, Spencer characterized himself as a community advocate like former President Barack Obama. Girl, girl. In the same debate, he denied being a part of MAGA. Yeah, right. He argued that super meth is fueling homelessness in the city. What? And that he would direct the LAPD to increase patrols around synagogues and Shabbat centers. I was unaware of what super meth was, so I looked it up, and I guess it just means that it's regular meth that's just super fucking pure and cheap. And apparently lasts 24 hours and is also being laced with fentanyl. So be careful out there. Spencer's campaign has been heavy on social media, and AI videos and other viral shit is being made to support him all the time. I read about some AI video where he was Batman and people like Kamala Harris and other Democratic politicians were the villains, and he was like fighting them, and he said that he didn't make that, someone else did. But it's all just such childish, stupid shit, really. It's been primarily conservatives who are supporting Spencer Pratt in this race, and quote-unquote celebs like Katharine McPhee from American Idol in the mid-2000s have donated to his campaign. Other endorsements include the sheriff of Riverside County, Chad Bianco, Paris Hilton, Joe Rogan, U.S. Senator Rick Scott, and of course Donald Trump. You know, Paris, you're really disappointing me. I've gone back and forth on her over the years because I feel like she is doing some really great work when it comes to the— oh shit, what's it called— the teen camps, the correctional camps for teens and stuff like that, which I do need to do an episode on. And I know that there is a phrase or term for that that is not reaching my brain right now, but I feel like she has become a really wonderful advocate, and I thought that she was using her platform for good. But endorsing someone like Spencer Pratt is really like 10 steps backward for me in how much I like her. So very disappointed. But of course Donald Trump is a fan of Spencer Pratt, and the comparisons to Chump and Pratt are quite plain to see. They're both former reality TV stars with little political experience. They're both plainspoken, and they both use controversial and combative language. But we have to remember that Trump lost the county of LA by 49 points in 2016, 44 points in 2020, and 33 points in 2024, which to me is still concerning because those numbers are dwindling. But I think some people see Spencer Pratt as being less of a threat than Chump for some reason, even though he's been named the best reality TV villain of all time in numerous occasions. I'm not entirely thrilled with any of the options for mayor, if I'm being honest, but I also really don't want Karen Bass to remain in the position either. I feel like my best bet is gonna be Nithya Raman who was born in India but moved to the US, Louisiana in particular, when she was 6 years old. She's known as an urban planner, activist, and LA politician serving as a council member for the 4th District since 2020. She is a member of the Democratic Party and the Democratic Socialists of America. I like that she's made her position of being pro-Palestine very known, but there is going to be a caveat in a little bit. So I'm going to warn you. In November 2023, she adjourned a city council meeting to memorialize the many civilian lives that have now been lost in Gaza. In 2024, she and other LA council members introduced a municipal resolution to call for an immediate and permanent ceasefire in Gaza. But in the same year, she also received the endorsement of Democrats for Israel Los Angeles. An organization that describes itself as a pro-Israel voice across all of Los Angeles County, to the Democratic Party. This led to a censure from the LA chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America, although her endorsement for reelection has remained. But surprisingly, for the 2026 race, the DFI LA is endorsing Karen Bass. So maybe I do need to do a little bit more research, but I have not been thrilled with Ms. Bass's performance. And like I said, I don't really love any of my options here. We do not have a Zohran Momdani figure to fight for and cheer for. So I guess we're just gonna have to get what we get. But as long as we do not get Spencer Pratt or any other conservative Republican running Los Angeles, I think that we will at least be in a somewhat better position. So let this just be a reminder that even though this person is a celebrity and people can get parasocial relationships, or you feel like you really like someone because you're watching them on your TV in your living room or on your phone or whatever, it really does become a very intimate experience and you feel like you know these people. Therefore, you want to see them for some reason be in charge of our governments. But we should not fall for this. Please do your research. Use your own common sense. I never want to explicitly tell you who to vote for. That's not what I'm here for. But I do really hope that by using your critical thinking skills and your common sense, it is very plain to see that Spencer Pratt and the likes of him are not what we need in this country. Anywhere in any form of government. Get the fuck out. All right everyone, that is all I have for you today. Thank you so much for listening to another episode. If there are any news topics that you want me to cover in the future, I would really, really love to hear from you. So send me a direct message on Instagram at Angry Neighborhood Feminist or email me at neighborhoodfeminist@gmail.com. If you like the show and you think others would too, I would also really appreciate some more reviews on Apple Podcasts. I recently read a review that someone posted a couple of weeks ago, and I've gotten another one. So I want to give Erica Millie G a shout out. Your message was so incredibly sweet and kind and made me feel really good and was a confidence boost. So I really, really appreciate it. And I'm gonna read just one sentence from this review because I laughed out loud when I read it. They wrote, "The cherry on top is that her voice is not annoying." Oh my God, thank you so much, because I find my own voice incredibly annoying. But I think that everyone finds their own voice really obnoxious. But thank you so much. Like, seriously, your message was so sweet, and I really, really appreciate it. It is incredibly helpful. So If you're a fan of the show, definitely go do that. I truly, truly appreciate it so much, and I'll keep doing these shoutouts too if y'all like hearing me say your names. Also, if you want to support the show in another way, I do have a Patreon. You can get all of these episodes a little bit early and ad-free for just a few bucks a month. So follow the link in the show notes for that. And with that, that is all I have for you today. With all that being said, I encourage you to rage on. Bye! P.S. There is going to be something very new about the show coming soon. Stay tuned."

## Full Transcript

[00:02] **Speaker A:** This episode is brought to you by Prime. Obsession is in session, and this summer Prime Originals have everything you want. Steamy romances, irresistible love stories, and the book-to-screen favorites you've already read twice. Off Campus, Elle, Every Year After, The Love Hypothesis, Sterling Point, and more. Slow burns, second chances, chemistry you can feel through the screen. Your next obsession is waiting. Watch only on Prime.

[00:31] **Speaker B:** Hi, I'm Madigan, and you're listening to Your Angry Neighborhood Feminist, a podcast that explores the world through a personal feminist perspective. Oh, hello everyone! To start off this episode, we are going to get into a medley of Donald Trump shenanigans. Before going off to China, reporters asked him about the new ballroom. In this conversation, Trump defended the size and cost of the Shite House ballroom and insulted a reporter who asked him about it. Of course, this reporter was a woman. He said to the reporter, I doubled the size of it, you dumb person.

[01:11] **Speaker C:** So what happened is we have a ballroom that's under budget. It's going up right here. I've doubled the size of it because we obviously need that. And we're right now on budget, under budget, and ahead of schedule.

[01:27] **Speaker B:** Okay, which is it? On budget? Under budget? Either way, it's a lie. When Trump returned from his visit to China with Xi Jinping, he added another justification as to why the shithouse needs a new ballroom. About 3 hours after Air Force One left Beijing on Friday, Trump posted to Truth Social boasting, quote, China has a ballroom and so should the USA. Alongside an image of himself and President Xi outside the Great Hall of the People, which is a vast government complex where he attended a state banquet. I'm going to get into Trump's visit to China in a little bit. Trump went on writing about his own ballroom and how it will be the, quote, finest facility of its kind anywhere in the USA, and how it'll be scheduled to open around September of 2028. Since announcing his plans for the new ballroom last summer, like I mentioned, the size of the ballroom has grown and the cost has grown as well. Initially, he said the cost would be $200 million, but the price tag has now reached $400 million. The GOP has included $1 billion for ballroom security in the Senate budget reconciliation bill, but Senate Homeland Security Committee Chair Rand Paul said there's a good chance it'll be removed from the bill before it ever reaches the Senate floor. This whole conversation is already getting so old to me. I don't understand why we have to spend so much of America's money on this new ballroom. I'm really tired of the security excuse. You know, why could we have not just improved the security that we had in the ballroom that we already had? All of this is just clearly another way that Trump wants to overtake the shite house and really change the history of it. I'm gonna go on to another example of that by talking about the Lincoln Memorial reflecting pool. Trump has also decided that it was time to upgrade this memorial. The basin of the pool has always been gray, but now Trump is painting it, quote, American flag blue, whatever the fuck that means. When talking about the color earlier this month, Chump said, it's much more beautiful than it was because it never had the color people wanted, but now it's going to have a great color. Again, what do you mean? I have never heard of someone being like, man, I really wish that this reflecting pool were blue instead of gray. What a bummer. The Interior Department told CNN in a statement that the new color will "enhance visitor experience and improve reflection over the existing gray concrete." But an expert has since come forward saying that he couldn't disagree more, and insists that visitors would miss out on seeing themselves in the water as part of the commemorative landscape. And that is true. This is not a swimming pool. This is supposed to be a piece of art. And the color made it so that a person looking into the reflective pool could literally see themselves in history. I've never been there myself. I would really love to visit D.C., actually. But I've seen many pictures. I've seen many videos of events that have taken place there. And you see the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument being reflected in this pool. So when you look in, it looks like you are a part of the picture, and that is part of the intention behind it. So with changing it to blue, it really does sound like it's going to be more like a swimming pool. And because it won't be as dark, possibly less reflective. The president of the Cultural Landscape Foundation, Charles Birnbaum, said in court papers filed last week— because yes, there is a lawsuit going on— quote, without immediate judicial intervention, defendants will deface an iconic American landmark in open violation of congressionally mandated procedures. The lawsuit argued that the project violates federal laws requiring the Interior Department to complete a consultation process, which includes informing the public on the plans and getting input from other federal agencies before beginning the project. There's also a concern about how the new paint will affect the environment, as the administration has also skirted around laws mandating an environmental assessment. Last Thursday, the Memorial Reflecting Pool was entirely drained, and on Saturday, Trump posted photos of a sample test of the new color, showing the painted pool with a small amount of water in it. Critics say the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool now looks more like a swimming pool. And that's probably because Trump hired a pool guy to do the job. Trump initially said the contractor is one that worked on swimming pools for him in the past and that he was, quote, unbelievable at it. He said in the Oval Office last month, he looked at it, he called me up, he said, sir, we can do something on it. Earlier this month, Trump said he's spoken to 3 other companies to look at the project and that, quote, The best one gave me a great price. But now, this week, Trump said that the contract went to a contractor I did not know and have never used before. Marud, which one is it? Judy Scott Feldman of the National Mall Coalition said, quote, it's not supposed to look like you're going to dive in and swim. It's intended to reflect the great geometry of the classic temple that is the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. More importantly, many, including myself, see this as Trump literally painting over history. The Lincoln Memorial is the site of many historical events, including the March on Washington and Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech, as well as a protest against the Vietnam War in 1967, which gathered 100,000 protesters. Looking at the monument's Wikipedia page, I also learned that in 1939, singer Marian Anderson, who was Black, was denied permission to perform at Constitution Hall in Washington due to color barriers. So in protest, an open-air concert was held on Easter Sunday at the Lincoln Memorial with a crowd of 75,000 people. Since then, the spot has continued to be significant for other human rights issues protests and demonstrations, as well as the location for many other significant species. On top of all of that, the cost, of course, is another issue. At first, Trump claimed this would cost $1.8 million, but federal records show that this has now reached $13.1 million. To paint a basin? According to the Interior Department, this is attributed to speeding up the project in time for the country's 250th birthday celebrations. Officials said the quicker timeline meant more workers working longer hours. Shut the fuck up. Now, going back to that visit to China, this was Trump's first visit to China since 2017, and back in 2017, he was greeted with a lavish welcome and state banquet, along with a tour of a 15th-century temple and numerous meetings with President Xi. The state banquet held last Thursday was attended by Trump and his cronies, including Elon Musk, Eric Trump, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, and Marco Rubio. They were served lobster, pork, and tiramisu, and a Chinese military band performed one of Donald Trump's favorite songs, the Village People's YMCA. Wait, I forgot. I was gonna see if I could find a clip of this because I'm really curious what this sounded like. Damn, I can't find a clip of it anywhere. Anyway, during Trump's speech, he thanked the Chinese government for their warm welcome and referred to the president as his friend. He also touched on the shared history of China and the United States, saying, just as many Chinese now love basketball and blue jeans, Chinese restaurants in America today outnumber the 5 largest fast food chains in America all combined. That's a pretty big statement. Again, I say, my dude, what the fuck? What a fucking joke. Xi made his speech after Trump's and described the trip as historic. He also called both the US and China to be, quote, partners rather than rivals, adding, we must make it work. During their private meeting, much of their discussion revolved around the war in Iran. Trump told Fox News that Xi offered to help mediate the conflict and said both sides agreed the Strait of Hormuz should remain open. Taiwan was also mentioned in the discussions. Before Trump came to China, Xi issued a warning for him, saying that the mishandling of the Taiwan issue could lead to clashes or even conflict, and called it an extremely dangerous situation. I read an article from The Independent that Beijing entered the talks hoping to secure concessions from Trump on Taiwan, particularly around American arms sales, diplomatic language, and official engagement with Taipei. I'm going to try to sum up a brief history of this whole situation, but I promise you it will not be perfect. But this is what I learned. In 1979, the US established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China and recognized Beijing as the only legal government of China. Then there was the Taiwan Relations Act, which was enacted the same year, which is a US law that outlines how the US can maintain unofficial ties with Taiwan, allowing the US to continue economic, cultural, and security relations with Taiwan. The act also permits arms sales to Taiwan to help it maintain its self-defense and proclaims that any non-peaceful effort to decide Taiwan's future would be a serious concern for the United States. Fast forward to 2018, the Taiwan Travel Act allowed high-level US officials to visit Taiwan and vice versa. Taiwan is important to the United States due to its key location in the first island chain of the major Pacific island groups near the East Asian continental mainland coast. It is considered a strategic military barrier to accessing the wider Pacific Ocean, given the relative shallowness of waters to the west of the first island chain, which has important implications for submarine detection. Taiwan is also the 9th largest trading partner with the United States. Beijing sees Taiwan as a breakaway part of mainland China that must eventually be unified. Taiwan is currently a self-governing democracy, and polls indicate that the public largely doesn't want to be ruled by Xi Jinping. The US formally recognizes the People's Republic of China as the government of China, and it doesn't recognize Taiwan as a sovereign nation. But via the Taiwan Relations Act, the United States is obligated to provide the island with the means to defend itself. So we're in a bit of a sticky situation over here. When asked about the US weapons sales to the island, Trump said, "We're gonna see what happens." Okay, I guess we will. He also balked off the idea that China had threatened the United States despite communications put out by President Xi's communications team following the first meeting between the two leaders on Thursday. In response to the summit in Beijing, Taiwanese government spokesperson Michelle Lee claimed on Thursday that China's military threat was, quote, the sole source of insecurity in the Taiwan Strait and the broader Indo-Pacific region. Continuously strengthening national defense and effective collective deterrence is the single most critical factor in ensuring regional peace and stability. Xi's spokesperson Mao Ning wrote on the app formerly known as Twitter, quote, the Taiwan question is the most important issue in China-US relations. If it is handled properly, the bilateral relationship will enjoy overall stability. Otherwise, the two countries will have clashes and even conflicts, putting the entire relationship in great jeopardy. I don't know, that sounds like a threat to me. Next up, you all know I'm an LA girlie. I've lived here for almost 16 years, so I need to talk about the absolute shitshow that is this mayoral election. I'm a really bad millennial because I didn't grow up watching The Hills, yet somehow I know who Spencer Pratt is, and everything I know about him has been put into my brain without my consent. But now that he's running for mayor in Los Angeles, I have to give a little bit of a shit about him in order to know why I hate him so much. For those of you who don't know the guy, he is yet another American reality TV personality and rose to fame after he began a very toxic relationship with Heidi Montag of The Hills. The couple's subsequent marriage and divorce was media fodder for years and they both profited quite a bit off of both. More recently, Pratt made the news when his home in the Pacific Palisades was destroyed in the awful fires that ravaged the city last year. In January 2025, he sued the city of Los Angeles and pushed for an investigation into Gavin Newsom and Mayor Karen Bass over their reactions to the fires. You know, do I think that they handled things great? No. Do I think Spencer Pratt would have handled things better? Fuck no. It was on the 1-year anniversary of his house being burned down that Pratt announced his intent to run for mayor in the 2026 LA election. In a nutshell, Spencer is a registered Republican who is in a nonpartisan race. He's trying to distance himself a little bit from the Republican vibe. But pretty much everyone who is rooting for him is incredibly conservative, and his policies are also incredibly conservative. So I don't know who he's trying to kid. Some of his ideas regarding policy include increased funding to the LAPD, decreasing funding that would go toward the unhoused, and cracking down on street takeovers. What the fuck? Like, my guy, do you want to ruin this city? I was just talking to Max about this earlier today when we were driving around the city because I'm like, there is so much that needs to be done that will actually help the people living in this city. It is so fucking expensive. It is dirty and disgusting in most places. There are so many issues with our infrastructure. And yet we are throwing so much money at the LAPD every single year, which I'm going to get into in a little bit. And for some reason, there is a group of people that have this idea in their head that by funding the police more, somehow the people will also be helped more, which is just not how this works. The LAPD has increasingly gotten more and more and more money every single year, and yet our lives have only gotten worse. Honestly, if we were to just put that money back into the people of Los Angeles, create more resources, if we could actually take care of the issue regarding the unhoused, I mean, I think that that would be a benefit to everyone, and I don't understand how some people cannot see it that way. I mean, I guess those are people that completely lack empathy and have been famous since like their teens, like Spencer Pratt, and don't actually live on this planet anymore. And that's the worst fucking part about living in this city, is that the influential people are not fucking people. I swear, like, I've met so many actors. There have been many that I've liked that I think are very nice people. They don't live on the same planet. That we do. That's why you always have to be skeptical. I don't mean to sound paranoid, but it's true. These people are not looking out for our best interest, and they do not care about the everyman because they are so focused on themselves and their own little bubbles. It drives me crazy. Going back to the LAPD, they are the third largest municipal police department in the United States. Following the NYPD and Chicago PD. For the LAPD's 2025-26 fiscal year, the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners has approved a $2.14 billion budget, which is an 8.1% increase compared to the previous year's budget. Oh my God, that is so much money. Spencer says he wants to incarcerate anyone who takes part in a street takeover, which is an informal and often illegal demonstration of car stunts usually held in vacant lots and public intersections. It's a Bay Area LA thing, and they originated out of Oakland, the home of Alyssa Liu, in the 1980s. In regards to the unhoused, drug addiction, and mental health in the city, his policy ideas would stall or even be a major setback to the very little progress that's been made. And honestly, it's something that I've been noticing a lot more living in the part of LA that I do. It isn't uncommon for there to be little encampments and for me to see spots where the unhoused like to convene, but we've had a few instances lately where unhoused people have come up to our kitchen window pounding on it and riling up our dogs on purpose, and it really does make me feel unsafe. I want these people to get help. I truly do care about the unhoused community, but at the same time, I want to be able to feel safe leaving my house when a lot of these people are either dealing with drug addictions that make it very debilitating for them, or they're dealing with terrible mental health struggles that can also be really scary for someone to go up against. And that is why we need compassion and care and resources for that community, because in the end it is going to benefit everybody. However, in a debate this month hosted by KNBC, Spencer characterized himself as a community advocate like former President Barack Obama. Girl, girl. In the same debate, he denied being a part of MAGA. Yeah, right. He argued that super meth is fueling homelessness in the city. What? And that he would direct the LAPD to increase patrols around synagogues and Shabbat centers. I was unaware of what super meth was, so I looked it up, and I guess it just means that it's regular meth that's just super fucking pure and cheap. And apparently lasts 24 hours and is also being laced with fentanyl. So be careful out there. Spencer's campaign has been heavy on social media, and AI videos and other viral shit is being made to support him all the time. I read about some AI video where he was Batman and people like Kamala Harris and other Democratic politicians were the villains, and he was like fighting them, and he said that he didn't make that, someone else did. But it's all just such childish, stupid shit, really. It's been primarily conservatives who are supporting Spencer Pratt in this race, and quote-unquote celebs like Katharine McPhee from American Idol in the mid-2000s have donated to his campaign. Other endorsements include the sheriff of Riverside County, Chad Bianco, Paris Hilton, Joe Rogan, U.S. Senator Rick Scott, and of course Donald Trump. You know, Paris, you're really disappointing me. I've gone back and forth on her over the years because I feel like she is doing some really great work when it comes to the— oh shit, what's it called— the teen camps, the correctional camps for teens and stuff like that, which I do need to do an episode on. And I know that there is a phrase or term for that that is not reaching my brain right now, but I feel like she has become a really wonderful advocate, and I thought that she was using her platform for good. But endorsing someone like Spencer Pratt is really like 10 steps backward for me in how much I like her. So very disappointed. But of course Donald Trump is a fan of Spencer Pratt, and the comparisons to Chump and Pratt are quite plain to see. They're both former reality TV stars with little political experience. They're both plainspoken, and they both use controversial and combative language. But we have to remember that Trump lost the county of LA by 49 points in 2016, 44 points in 2020, and 33 points in 2024, which to me is still concerning because those numbers are dwindling. But I think some people see Spencer Pratt as being less of a threat than Chump for some reason, even though he's been named the best reality TV villain of all time in numerous occasions. I'm not entirely thrilled with any of the options for mayor, if I'm being honest, but I also really don't want Karen Bass to remain in the position either. I feel like my best bet is gonna be Nithya Raman who was born in India but moved to the US, Louisiana in particular, when she was 6 years old. She's known as an urban planner, activist, and LA politician serving as a council member for the 4th District since 2020. She is a member of the Democratic Party and the Democratic Socialists of America. I like that she's made her position of being pro-Palestine very known, but there is going to be a caveat in a little bit. So I'm going to warn you. In November 2023, she adjourned a city council meeting to memorialize the many civilian lives that have now been lost in Gaza. In 2024, she and other LA council members introduced a municipal resolution to call for an immediate and permanent ceasefire in Gaza. But in the same year, she also received the endorsement of Democrats for Israel Los Angeles. An organization that describes itself as a pro-Israel voice across all of Los Angeles County, to the Democratic Party. This led to a censure from the LA chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America, although her endorsement for reelection has remained. But surprisingly, for the 2026 race, the DFI LA is endorsing Karen Bass. So maybe I do need to do a little bit more research, but I have not been thrilled with Ms. Bass's performance. And like I said, I don't really love any of my options here. We do not have a Zohran Momdani figure to fight for and cheer for. So I guess we're just gonna have to get what we get. But as long as we do not get Spencer Pratt or any other conservative Republican running Los Angeles, I think that we will at least be in a somewhat better position. So let this just be a reminder that even though this person is a celebrity and people can get parasocial relationships, or you feel like you really like someone because you're watching them on your TV in your living room or on your phone or whatever, it really does become a very intimate experience and you feel like you know these people. Therefore, you want to see them for some reason be in charge of our governments. But we should not fall for this. Please do your research. Use your own common sense. I never want to explicitly tell you who to vote for. That's not what I'm here for. But I do really hope that by using your critical thinking skills and your common sense, it is very plain to see that Spencer Pratt and the likes of him are not what we need in this country. Anywhere in any form of government. Get the fuck out. All right everyone, that is all I have for you today. Thank you so much for listening to another episode. If there are any news topics that you want me to cover in the future, I would really, really love to hear from you. So send me a direct message on Instagram at Angry Neighborhood Feminist or email me at neighborhoodfeminist@gmail.com. If you like the show and you think others would too, I would also really appreciate some more reviews on Apple Podcasts. I recently read a review that someone posted a couple of weeks ago, and I've gotten another one. So I want to give Erica Millie G a shout out. Your message was so incredibly sweet and kind and made me feel really good and was a confidence boost. So I really, really appreciate it. And I'm gonna read just one sentence from this review because I laughed out loud when I read it. They wrote, "The cherry on top is that her voice is not annoying." Oh my God, thank you so much, because I find my own voice incredibly annoying. But I think that everyone finds their own voice really obnoxious. But thank you so much. Like, seriously, your message was so sweet, and I really, really appreciate it. It is incredibly helpful. So If you're a fan of the show, definitely go do that. I truly, truly appreciate it so much, and I'll keep doing these shoutouts too if y'all like hearing me say your names. Also, if you want to support the show in another way, I do have a Patreon. You can get all of these episodes a little bit early and ad-free for just a few bucks a month. So follow the link in the show notes for that. And with that, that is all I have for you today. With all that being said, I encourage you to rage on. Bye! P.S. There is going to be something very new about the show coming soon. Stay tuned.
