# Episode Two Hundred Ninety Five: The Boy In The Shower Is Dead

**Show:** The Death Of Journalism
**Date Published:** 2026-05-28
**Date Found:** 2026-05-28
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/episode-two-hundred-ninety-five-the-boy-in-the-shower-is-dead--72196767?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 82 minutes

## Summary

This 82-minute episode of The Death Of Journalism mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Death Of Journalism

## Key Moment

> "Welcome to episode 295 of the Death of Journalism podcast. My name is John Ziegler. I'm your host. On today's show, ending the Iran War continues to feel like the Groundhog Day movie. Pope Leo tries to rescue humanity from artificial intelligence. There was a hilarious Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce sighting. There are two significant developments in the Penn State Sandusky case, and signs from my own life that the foundation of society may be crumbling. President Trump's seemingly never-ending efforts to end the war with Iran have seemingly gotten nowhere, although that could change at any moment. I referenced already that it seems like the Groundhog Day movie where it's repeat and repeat and rinse and repeat. Trump makes threats and then there's a claim of a deal being close and then Iran shits on the entire process and we're back to square one again. And this thing has gone on too long. The impact of the closing of the Strait of Hormuz has not been as catastrophic as a lot of the so-called experts predicted, at least not here yet in the United States. But it's clearly had a negative impact on inflation. It's clearly had a negative impact on the perception of Americans of the economy as well as the Trump presidency. And I think we're now at a point of no return. I'm not going to claim I'm an expert on this. I, I rarely ever talk about things where I don't consider myself to be at least somewhat of an expert, but I think common sense would dictate that we're at a close point to no return when it comes to trying to turn this around before the midterm elections in November. It's hard for me to imagine that this thing could end in a way that was successful enough to where by November it would not only be forgotten, but we would see improvements in the inflation numbers and the perceptions of the public when it comes to the economy and the Trump administration. And frankly, I think there's a better chance that this thing continues to languish and that whatever deal Trump is forced to eventually take is so horrendous that it actually gets worse from a public perception standpoint than it currently is. And there have been signs— even Senator Ted Cruz from Texas has expressed outrage over some of the indications of what a potential deal with the United States and Israel and Iran would look like. And I completely agree that if this is anything close what has been put out there in the public— now you always have to be very, very skeptical of anything, especially if it comes from the Iran side— but if the proposed deal talking points are anything close to what ends up getting agreed to, this is an unmitigated disaster because it will appear to me and a lot of other people that know a lot more than I do, that Iran won this conflict even though they lost militarily. They lost the battle, but they effectively would have won the war. Now, we're not there yet. I'm not going to make any declarations, but I do think that we're very, very close, if not already past the point of no return when it comes to ending this soon enough to where the midterm elections are in no way, shape, or form impacted negatively from the Republican perspective. And when it comes to the midterm elections, I have been very, very skeptical of this narrative that somehow Republicans were going to dodge a bullet where they've got an incumbent president who's on the verge of being a lame duck with record poor approval ratings, where you have the double whammy of Democrats desperately wanting a vehicle so that they can vote against Trump and Republicans not all that enthusiastic about Trump in general, except for the base, the cult, and a lot of Republicans who are Trump fans feeling like they have no obligation to vote for the non-Trump candidate on the ballot. To me, that is an almost perfect storm for Republicans in the midterm elections. And I've been skeptical that somehow this redistricting battle would save the day when it came to Republicans and how they fare in the midterm elections. Now, there's been some minor data points that have vindicated me on this, because even with the most recent Supreme Court ruling seemingly being a boon to Republicans, especially in the South, at least so far, that has not been the case in both Alabama and South Carolina. Just this week, Republicans were rebuffed in their efforts, at least temporarily, to redraw the maps. And I've always felt like this is asking an awful lot in a very short period of time And I've also been very skeptical of the idea that redistricting alone could save Republicans from what seems like a blue wave for the reasons that I've already given you. I mean, every single poll indicates that the generic balloting is very, very much in favor of Democrats, and redistricting or gerrymandering can only hold that back to a certain degree. And in fact, I still think the nightmare scenario for Republicans is on the table. Because some of this gerrymandering could come back to haunt them, where they end up taking very safe Republican seats, being forced to make some of them less safe in order to have enough Republicans in new districts to try to squeeze out more seats on, on in their favor. And in a wave election, now all of a sudden they've taken safe seats and made them very not safe seats. Now We're not close enough to November to be making predictions like that, but that's still a scenario that would make sense and I think could very well end up coming to fruition, especially when you have this phenomenon of many, many candidates, some high profile, some less so high profile, who are either winning or losing based solely on the fact that a very unpopular president has either endorsed them or endorsed their opponent. I correctly predicted, because we taped a little bit early in the last episode of the podcast, that Thomas Massie would lose in Kentucky. Now, that's not a situation where Republicans are likely at all to lose that seat. Massie lost because he bucked Trump. I would have ordinarily been extremely upset that Massie lost in a Republican primary because Trump endorsed his opponent in a, in a basically a pissing contest. But to me, the way Massey reacted to it, lying and virtue signaling about the entire Epstein situation, disqualified him. He, to me, he showed his true colors. He even showed his true colors when he lost and immediately blamed it on the Jews. And so I, I have no— even though I used to love Thomas Massey as the last libertarian congressman in the United States House of Representatives. I did not shed any tears at all, uh, when Massey lost, even though I'm obviously no fan of Donald Trump. But there's been a couple of other situations, specifically in the Senate. Now, again, in Louisiana, getting rid of Bill Cassidy, probably not going to cost Republicans a seat in Louisiana. But just last night in Texas, In Texas, John Cornyn lost to the Trump-backed challenger Ken Paxton. Now, Texas is a different situation. And I think Republicans are a little bit vulnerable here to the getting a false sense of security that Democrats have been claiming for many, many election cycles now that eventually Texas is going to fall. And in the end, it never ends up happening. And Republicans end up generally outpolling them, uh, what the, the perception of the race was going to be in the final moments. And I think it's built into this idea that, well, yeah, Democrats are holding on to a pipe dream in Texas. There's nothing Republicans can do to lose a Senate seat in Texas. That may still be the case, but I think they're playing with fire here. And no one seems to understand why Trump did this. Trump's endorsement is absolutely still gold. John Cornyn actually won the first round of the primary barely against Paxton, but then lost badly last night. And the only thing that happened in between those two results was that Donald Trump decided to endorse in the race. And unfortunately, Donald Trump controls the party. And, you know, there's already one, I think, probably not very reliable poll showing that Republicans are now losing that race in Texas. The Democrat is a nut job. I think Trump was probably a bit overconfident realizing that Democrats are going to put up a complete super progressive nut job and that couldn't possibly win in Texas. But the way the Hispanic vote is trending away from Republicans when it was trending in Republicans' direction in the 2024 election is a very dangerous situation in Texas. And of course if you lose Texas, if this is a wave election, if things don't get fixed real fast in Iran and public perception continues in anything close to the way it currently is, Texas could be in play. And you lose Texas, I don't know how you possibly hold on to the US Senate. So Trump is playing with fire for reasons that don't seem to make any sense other than his own ego or whatever his personal agenda might have been. In getting John Cornyn, who's been a very good senator and for Republicans and for a very, very long time, now ending his career for reasons that no one seems to understand. So to me, I am still in the camp of this is going to be bad for Republicans in the midterms and could still be catastrophic. I, I'm still hopeful that somehow Republicans hold on to the Senate and You know, I think the House is already gone, but, um, and, and frankly, it doesn't really matter to me once the House is gone by how much Democrats hold the House. I mean, it does matter as far as what kind of control Democrats would have and, you know, how many criminal referrals there would be about members of the Trump administration and what have you. But I, I would bet a lot of money right now the Democrats will control the House of Representatives. At the end of the 2026 midterm elections. There's one other element of Trump and his endorsements that I at least want to reference, because by the time we do the next episode of the podcast, we will hopefully know the results here in California. Although California takes so long to count that you never know for sure whether or not you're gonna have that kind of information. But, uh, Donald Trump effectively, essentially endorsed Spencer Pratt for mayor of Los Angeles. And, um, he did so, you know, in kind of a tepid sort of way, but he did so enough to where I think it ends any real hope, if there was any real hope, that Spencer Pratt was going to pull off this massive upset and somehow become the next mayor of Los Angeles. And, you know, Trump continues to do this kind of thing. I would love to know whether or not Trump understands the negative influence he has when he endorses or says something nice about a candidate in a very blue jurisdiction. I mean, his, his endorsements are obviously gold in red jurisdictions, but they have the reverse Midas touch when it comes to deep blue areas like the city of Los Angeles. Spencer Pratt admitted in an interview with Alec Michelson on CNN that he is a Republican. His explanation for why he's a Republican had to do with guns and his safety. I'm not sure that was the best answer on that, but okay, fine. But, you know, there's a pretty darn good chance that Spencer Pratt will make it to the November election. There may not be a November election if the current incumbent Karen Bass wins over 50% of the vote, that's it. I don't think that's going to happen. There's no good polling on the race, but you know, the most likely scenario is that it's going to be Bass and Spencer Pratt in the November election. And all Bass is going to have to do now is play two clips in a commercial. They'll probably fit perfectly fine, 15 seconds each. You know, you got Spencer Pratt admitting he's a Republican and Donald Trump saying that Spencer Pratt is MAGA. That's it. Game, set, match. I'm sorry, nothing else is going to matter. And they will have plenty of money to make sure that every voter who could even theoretically vote against Bass will understand that Pratt is a MAGA Republican, at least in the words of Donald Trump. And so much like Trump did when it came to the California governor's race, where he endorsed a Republican, Steve Hilton, ending any chance, any chance of pulling off a miracle. Because the only scenario where a Republican could ever win governor of California, especially if they're not a massive, massive celebrity— and I don't even know who would qualify in that kind of situation— but in today's era, 2026, the only way a Republican could possibly win is if both Republicans, because of mathematics and a fragmented race, end up as the top two vote-getters and they're the only two candidates on the ballot in November. Trump ended any chance of that, ended it. It was never going to happen. It was, you know, probably less than a 1% chance. Who knows, maybe 1, maybe 2% tops chance that that was ever going to happen. But Trump ended that because it weighted everything towards Hilton And now he's basically— Trump has forced me to vote for Steve Hilton because I want there to be a Republican on the ballot because I think we got to beat the billionaires tax. And without a Republican on the ballot in November, I think that would be very, very difficult to do. Yes, you can. A 5-minute quick and easy calorie burning workout. Give it a try. Come join our sweat sesh on TikTok. Craving something specific? From global flavors to viral snacks, TikTok has it all."
> — Speaker A at 00:57
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:57] Speaker A: "Welcome to episode 295 of the Death of Journalism podcast. My name is John Ziegler. I'm your host. On today's show, ending the Iran War continues to feel like the Groundhog Day movie. Pope Leo tries to rescue humanity from artificial intelligence. There was a hilarious Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce sighting. There are two significant developments in the Penn State Sandusky case, and signs from my own life that the foundation of society may be crumbling. President Trump's seemingly never-ending efforts to end the war with Iran have seemingly gotten nowhere, although that could change at any moment. I referenced already that it seems like the Groundhog Day movie where it's repeat and repeat and rinse and repeat. Trump makes threats and then there's a claim of a deal being close and then Iran shits on the entire process and we're back to square one again. And this thing has gone on too long. The impact of the closing of the Strait of Hormuz has not been as catastrophic as a lot of the so-called experts predicted, at least not here yet in the United States. But it's clearly had a negative impact on inflation. It's clearly had a negative impact on the perception of Americans of the economy as well as the Trump presidency. And I think we're now at a point of no return. I'm not going to claim I'm an expert on this. I, I rarely ever talk about things where I don't consider myself to be at least somewhat of an expert, but I think common sense would dictate that we're at a close point to no return when it comes to trying to turn this around before the midterm elections in November. It's hard for me to imagine that this thing could end in a way that was successful enough to where by November it would not only be forgotten, but we would see improvements in the inflation numbers and the perceptions of the public when it comes to the economy and the Trump administration. And frankly, I think there's a better chance that this thing continues to languish and that whatever deal Trump is forced to eventually take is so horrendous that it actually gets worse from a public perception standpoint than it currently is. And there have been signs— even Senator Ted Cruz from Texas has expressed outrage over some of the indications of what a potential deal with the United States and Israel and Iran would look like. And I completely agree that if this is anything close what has been put out there in the public— now you always have to be very, very skeptical of anything, especially if it comes from the Iran side— but if the proposed deal talking points are anything close to what ends up getting agreed to, this is an unmitigated disaster because it will appear to me and a lot of other people that know a lot more than I do, that Iran won this conflict even though they lost militarily. They lost the battle, but they effectively would have won the war. Now, we're not there yet. I'm not going to make any declarations, but I do think that we're very, very close, if not already past the point of no return when it comes to ending this soon enough to where the midterm elections are in no way, shape, or form impacted negatively from the Republican perspective. And when it comes to the midterm elections, I have been very, very skeptical of this narrative that somehow Republicans were going to dodge a bullet where they've got an incumbent president who's on the verge of being a lame duck with record poor approval ratings, where you have the double whammy of Democrats desperately wanting a vehicle so that they can vote against Trump and Republicans not all that enthusiastic about Trump in general, except for the base, the cult, and a lot of Republicans who are Trump fans feeling like they have no obligation to vote for the non-Trump candidate on the ballot. To me, that is an almost perfect storm for Republicans in the midterm elections. And I've been skeptical that somehow this redistricting battle would save the day when it came to Republicans and how they fare in the midterm elections. Now, there's been some minor data points that have vindicated me on this, because even with the most recent Supreme Court ruling seemingly being a boon to Republicans, especially in the South, at least so far, that has not been the case in both Alabama and South Carolina. Just this week, Republicans were rebuffed in their efforts, at least temporarily, to redraw the maps. And I've always felt like this is asking an awful lot in a very short period of time And I've also been very skeptical of the idea that redistricting alone could save Republicans from what seems like a blue wave for the reasons that I've already given you. I mean, every single poll indicates that the generic balloting is very, very much in favor of Democrats, and redistricting or gerrymandering can only hold that back to a certain degree. And in fact, I still think the nightmare scenario for Republicans is on the table. Because some of this gerrymandering could come back to haunt them, where they end up taking very safe Republican seats, being forced to make some of them less safe in order to have enough Republicans in new districts to try to squeeze out more seats on, on in their favor. And in a wave election, now all of a sudden they've taken safe seats and made them very not safe seats. Now We're not close enough to November to be making predictions like that, but that's still a scenario that would make sense and I think could very well end up coming to fruition, especially when you have this phenomenon of many, many candidates, some high profile, some less so high profile, who are either winning or losing based solely on the fact that a very unpopular president has either endorsed them or endorsed their opponent. I correctly predicted, because we taped a little bit early in the last episode of the podcast, that Thomas Massie would lose in Kentucky. Now, that's not a situation where Republicans are likely at all to lose that seat. Massie lost because he bucked Trump. I would have ordinarily been extremely upset that Massie lost in a Republican primary because Trump endorsed his opponent in a, in a basically a pissing contest. But to me, the way Massey reacted to it, lying and virtue signaling about the entire Epstein situation, disqualified him. He, to me, he showed his true colors. He even showed his true colors when he lost and immediately blamed it on the Jews. And so I, I have no— even though I used to love Thomas Massey as the last libertarian congressman in the United States House of Representatives. I did not shed any tears at all, uh, when Massey lost, even though I'm obviously no fan of Donald Trump. But there's been a couple of other situations, specifically in the Senate. Now, again, in Louisiana, getting rid of Bill Cassidy, probably not going to cost Republicans a seat in Louisiana. But just last night in Texas, In Texas, John Cornyn lost to the Trump-backed challenger Ken Paxton. Now, Texas is a different situation. And I think Republicans are a little bit vulnerable here to the getting a false sense of security that Democrats have been claiming for many, many election cycles now that eventually Texas is going to fall. And in the end, it never ends up happening. And Republicans end up generally outpolling them, uh, what the, the perception of the race was going to be in the final moments. And I think it's built into this idea that, well, yeah, Democrats are holding on to a pipe dream in Texas. There's nothing Republicans can do to lose a Senate seat in Texas. That may still be the case, but I think they're playing with fire here. And no one seems to understand why Trump did this. Trump's endorsement is absolutely still gold. John Cornyn actually won the first round of the primary barely against Paxton, but then lost badly last night. And the only thing that happened in between those two results was that Donald Trump decided to endorse in the race. And unfortunately, Donald Trump controls the party. And, you know, there's already one, I think, probably not very reliable poll showing that Republicans are now losing that race in Texas. The Democrat is a nut job. I think Trump was probably a bit overconfident realizing that Democrats are going to put up a complete super progressive nut job and that couldn't possibly win in Texas. But the way the Hispanic vote is trending away from Republicans when it was trending in Republicans' direction in the 2024 election is a very dangerous situation in Texas. And of course if you lose Texas, if this is a wave election, if things don't get fixed real fast in Iran and public perception continues in anything close to the way it currently is, Texas could be in play. And you lose Texas, I don't know how you possibly hold on to the US Senate. So Trump is playing with fire for reasons that don't seem to make any sense other than his own ego or whatever his personal agenda might have been. In getting John Cornyn, who's been a very good senator and for Republicans and for a very, very long time, now ending his career for reasons that no one seems to understand. So to me, I am still in the camp of this is going to be bad for Republicans in the midterms and could still be catastrophic. I, I'm still hopeful that somehow Republicans hold on to the Senate and You know, I think the House is already gone, but, um, and, and frankly, it doesn't really matter to me once the House is gone by how much Democrats hold the House. I mean, it does matter as far as what kind of control Democrats would have and, you know, how many criminal referrals there would be about members of the Trump administration and what have you. But I, I would bet a lot of money right now the Democrats will control the House of Representatives. At the end of the 2026 midterm elections. There's one other element of Trump and his endorsements that I at least want to reference, because by the time we do the next episode of the podcast, we will hopefully know the results here in California. Although California takes so long to count that you never know for sure whether or not you're gonna have that kind of information. But, uh, Donald Trump effectively, essentially endorsed Spencer Pratt for mayor of Los Angeles. And, um, he did so, you know, in kind of a tepid sort of way, but he did so enough to where I think it ends any real hope, if there was any real hope, that Spencer Pratt was going to pull off this massive upset and somehow become the next mayor of Los Angeles. And, you know, Trump continues to do this kind of thing. I would love to know whether or not Trump understands the negative influence he has when he endorses or says something nice about a candidate in a very blue jurisdiction. I mean, his, his endorsements are obviously gold in red jurisdictions, but they have the reverse Midas touch when it comes to deep blue areas like the city of Los Angeles. Spencer Pratt admitted in an interview with Alec Michelson on CNN that he is a Republican. His explanation for why he's a Republican had to do with guns and his safety. I'm not sure that was the best answer on that, but okay, fine. But, you know, there's a pretty darn good chance that Spencer Pratt will make it to the November election. There may not be a November election if the current incumbent Karen Bass wins over 50% of the vote, that's it. I don't think that's going to happen. There's no good polling on the race, but you know, the most likely scenario is that it's going to be Bass and Spencer Pratt in the November election. And all Bass is going to have to do now is play two clips in a commercial. They'll probably fit perfectly fine, 15 seconds each. You know, you got Spencer Pratt admitting he's a Republican and Donald Trump saying that Spencer Pratt is MAGA. That's it. Game, set, match. I'm sorry, nothing else is going to matter. And they will have plenty of money to make sure that every voter who could even theoretically vote against Bass will understand that Pratt is a MAGA Republican, at least in the words of Donald Trump. And so much like Trump did when it came to the California governor's race, where he endorsed a Republican, Steve Hilton, ending any chance, any chance of pulling off a miracle. Because the only scenario where a Republican could ever win governor of California, especially if they're not a massive, massive celebrity— and I don't even know who would qualify in that kind of situation— but in today's era, 2026, the only way a Republican could possibly win is if both Republicans, because of mathematics and a fragmented race, end up as the top two vote-getters and they're the only two candidates on the ballot in November. Trump ended any chance of that, ended it. It was never going to happen. It was, you know, probably less than a 1% chance. Who knows, maybe 1, maybe 2% tops chance that that was ever going to happen. But Trump ended that because it weighted everything towards Hilton And now he's basically— Trump has forced me to vote for Steve Hilton because I want there to be a Republican on the ballot because I think we got to beat the billionaires tax. And without a Republican on the ballot in November, I think that would be very, very difficult to do. Yes, you can. A 5-minute quick and easy calorie burning workout. Give it a try. Come join our sweat sesh on TikTok. Craving something specific? From global flavors to viral snacks, TikTok has it all."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I'm Kiana, and I leveled up my business with Shopify. Once I figured out that Shopify was a thing, I never turned back. I can create a site with my eyes closed. Shopify thinks ahead of us, you know, and it thinks about the customer more than anything. Every day I'm thinking about some other new business, but Shopify is doing it to me because it's so easy to use. It's like I can't stop. I'm addicted. Start your free trial at shopify.com.

[00:29] **Speaker B:** When it's time to scale your business, it's time for Shopify. Get everything you need to grow the way you want.

[00:35] **Speaker A:** Like, all the way.

[00:39] **Speaker B:** Stack more sales with the best converting checkout on the planet. Track your cha-chings from every channel right in one spot. And turn real-time reporting into big-time opportunities. Take your business to a whole new level. Switch to Shopify. Start your free trial today.

[00:57] **Speaker A:** Welcome to episode 295 of the Death of Journalism podcast. My name is John Ziegler. I'm your host. On today's show, ending the Iran War continues to feel like the Groundhog Day movie. Pope Leo tries to rescue humanity from artificial intelligence. There was a hilarious Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce sighting. There are two significant developments in the Penn State Sandusky case, and signs from my own life that the foundation of society may be crumbling. President Trump's seemingly never-ending efforts to end the war with Iran have seemingly gotten nowhere, although that could change at any moment. I referenced already that it seems like the Groundhog Day movie where it's repeat and repeat and rinse and repeat. Trump makes threats and then there's a claim of a deal being close and then Iran shits on the entire process and we're back to square one again. And this thing has gone on too long. The impact of the closing of the Strait of Hormuz has not been as catastrophic as a lot of the so-called experts predicted, at least not here yet in the United States. But it's clearly had a negative impact on inflation. It's clearly had a negative impact on the perception of Americans of the economy as well as the Trump presidency. And I think we're now at a point of no return. I'm not going to claim I'm an expert on this. I, I rarely ever talk about things where I don't consider myself to be at least somewhat of an expert, but I think common sense would dictate that we're at a close point to no return when it comes to trying to turn this around before the midterm elections in November. It's hard for me to imagine that this thing could end in a way that was successful enough to where by November it would not only be forgotten, but we would see improvements in the inflation numbers and the perceptions of the public when it comes to the economy and the Trump administration. And frankly, I think there's a better chance that this thing continues to languish and that whatever deal Trump is forced to eventually take is so horrendous that it actually gets worse from a public perception standpoint than it currently is. And there have been signs— even Senator Ted Cruz from Texas has expressed outrage over some of the indications of what a potential deal with the United States and Israel and Iran would look like. And I completely agree that if this is anything close what has been put out there in the public— now you always have to be very, very skeptical of anything, especially if it comes from the Iran side— but if the proposed deal talking points are anything close to what ends up getting agreed to, this is an unmitigated disaster because it will appear to me and a lot of other people that know a lot more than I do, that Iran won this conflict even though they lost militarily. They lost the battle, but they effectively would have won the war. Now, we're not there yet. I'm not going to make any declarations, but I do think that we're very, very close, if not already past the point of no return when it comes to ending this soon enough to where the midterm elections are in no way, shape, or form impacted negatively from the Republican perspective. And when it comes to the midterm elections, I have been very, very skeptical of this narrative that somehow Republicans were going to dodge a bullet where they've got an incumbent president who's on the verge of being a lame duck with record poor approval ratings, where you have the double whammy of Democrats desperately wanting a vehicle so that they can vote against Trump and Republicans not all that enthusiastic about Trump in general, except for the base, the cult, and a lot of Republicans who are Trump fans feeling like they have no obligation to vote for the non-Trump candidate on the ballot. To me, that is an almost perfect storm for Republicans in the midterm elections. And I've been skeptical that somehow this redistricting battle would save the day when it came to Republicans and how they fare in the midterm elections. Now, there's been some minor data points that have vindicated me on this, because even with the most recent Supreme Court ruling seemingly being a boon to Republicans, especially in the South, at least so far, that has not been the case in both Alabama and South Carolina. Just this week, Republicans were rebuffed in their efforts, at least temporarily, to redraw the maps. And I've always felt like this is asking an awful lot in a very short period of time And I've also been very skeptical of the idea that redistricting alone could save Republicans from what seems like a blue wave for the reasons that I've already given you. I mean, every single poll indicates that the generic balloting is very, very much in favor of Democrats, and redistricting or gerrymandering can only hold that back to a certain degree. And in fact, I still think the nightmare scenario for Republicans is on the table. Because some of this gerrymandering could come back to haunt them, where they end up taking very safe Republican seats, being forced to make some of them less safe in order to have enough Republicans in new districts to try to squeeze out more seats on, on in their favor. And in a wave election, now all of a sudden they've taken safe seats and made them very not safe seats. Now We're not close enough to November to be making predictions like that, but that's still a scenario that would make sense and I think could very well end up coming to fruition, especially when you have this phenomenon of many, many candidates, some high profile, some less so high profile, who are either winning or losing based solely on the fact that a very unpopular president has either endorsed them or endorsed their opponent. I correctly predicted, because we taped a little bit early in the last episode of the podcast, that Thomas Massie would lose in Kentucky. Now, that's not a situation where Republicans are likely at all to lose that seat. Massie lost because he bucked Trump. I would have ordinarily been extremely upset that Massie lost in a Republican primary because Trump endorsed his opponent in a, in a basically a pissing contest. But to me, the way Massey reacted to it, lying and virtue signaling about the entire Epstein situation, disqualified him. He, to me, he showed his true colors. He even showed his true colors when he lost and immediately blamed it on the Jews. And so I, I have no— even though I used to love Thomas Massey as the last libertarian congressman in the United States House of Representatives. I did not shed any tears at all, uh, when Massey lost, even though I'm obviously no fan of Donald Trump. But there's been a couple of other situations, specifically in the Senate. Now, again, in Louisiana, getting rid of Bill Cassidy, probably not going to cost Republicans a seat in Louisiana. But just last night in Texas, In Texas, John Cornyn lost to the Trump-backed challenger Ken Paxton. Now, Texas is a different situation. And I think Republicans are a little bit vulnerable here to the getting a false sense of security that Democrats have been claiming for many, many election cycles now that eventually Texas is going to fall. And in the end, it never ends up happening. And Republicans end up generally outpolling them, uh, what the, the perception of the race was going to be in the final moments. And I think it's built into this idea that, well, yeah, Democrats are holding on to a pipe dream in Texas. There's nothing Republicans can do to lose a Senate seat in Texas. That may still be the case, but I think they're playing with fire here. And no one seems to understand why Trump did this. Trump's endorsement is absolutely still gold. John Cornyn actually won the first round of the primary barely against Paxton, but then lost badly last night. And the only thing that happened in between those two results was that Donald Trump decided to endorse in the race. And unfortunately, Donald Trump controls the party. And, you know, there's already one, I think, probably not very reliable poll showing that Republicans are now losing that race in Texas. The Democrat is a nut job. I think Trump was probably a bit overconfident realizing that Democrats are going to put up a complete super progressive nut job and that couldn't possibly win in Texas. But the way the Hispanic vote is trending away from Republicans when it was trending in Republicans' direction in the 2024 election is a very dangerous situation in Texas. And of course if you lose Texas, if this is a wave election, if things don't get fixed real fast in Iran and public perception continues in anything close to the way it currently is, Texas could be in play. And you lose Texas, I don't know how you possibly hold on to the US Senate. So Trump is playing with fire for reasons that don't seem to make any sense other than his own ego or whatever his personal agenda might have been. In getting John Cornyn, who's been a very good senator and for Republicans and for a very, very long time, now ending his career for reasons that no one seems to understand. So to me, I am still in the camp of this is going to be bad for Republicans in the midterms and could still be catastrophic. I, I'm still hopeful that somehow Republicans hold on to the Senate and You know, I think the House is already gone, but, um, and, and frankly, it doesn't really matter to me once the House is gone by how much Democrats hold the House. I mean, it does matter as far as what kind of control Democrats would have and, you know, how many criminal referrals there would be about members of the Trump administration and what have you. But I, I would bet a lot of money right now the Democrats will control the House of Representatives. At the end of the 2026 midterm elections. There's one other element of Trump and his endorsements that I at least want to reference, because by the time we do the next episode of the podcast, we will hopefully know the results here in California. Although California takes so long to count that you never know for sure whether or not you're gonna have that kind of information. But, uh, Donald Trump effectively, essentially endorsed Spencer Pratt for mayor of Los Angeles. And, um, he did so, you know, in kind of a tepid sort of way, but he did so enough to where I think it ends any real hope, if there was any real hope, that Spencer Pratt was going to pull off this massive upset and somehow become the next mayor of Los Angeles. And, you know, Trump continues to do this kind of thing. I would love to know whether or not Trump understands the negative influence he has when he endorses or says something nice about a candidate in a very blue jurisdiction. I mean, his, his endorsements are obviously gold in red jurisdictions, but they have the reverse Midas touch when it comes to deep blue areas like the city of Los Angeles. Spencer Pratt admitted in an interview with Alec Michelson on CNN that he is a Republican. His explanation for why he's a Republican had to do with guns and his safety. I'm not sure that was the best answer on that, but okay, fine. But, you know, there's a pretty darn good chance that Spencer Pratt will make it to the November election. There may not be a November election if the current incumbent Karen Bass wins over 50% of the vote, that's it. I don't think that's going to happen. There's no good polling on the race, but you know, the most likely scenario is that it's going to be Bass and Spencer Pratt in the November election. And all Bass is going to have to do now is play two clips in a commercial. They'll probably fit perfectly fine, 15 seconds each. You know, you got Spencer Pratt admitting he's a Republican and Donald Trump saying that Spencer Pratt is MAGA. That's it. Game, set, match. I'm sorry, nothing else is going to matter. And they will have plenty of money to make sure that every voter who could even theoretically vote against Bass will understand that Pratt is a MAGA Republican, at least in the words of Donald Trump. And so much like Trump did when it came to the California governor's race, where he endorsed a Republican, Steve Hilton, ending any chance, any chance of pulling off a miracle. Because the only scenario where a Republican could ever win governor of California, especially if they're not a massive, massive celebrity— and I don't even know who would qualify in that kind of situation— but in today's era, 2026, the only way a Republican could possibly win is if both Republicans, because of mathematics and a fragmented race, end up as the top two vote-getters and they're the only two candidates on the ballot in November. Trump ended any chance of that, ended it. It was never going to happen. It was, you know, probably less than a 1% chance. Who knows, maybe 1, maybe 2% tops chance that that was ever going to happen. But Trump ended that because it weighted everything towards Hilton And now he's basically— Trump has forced me to vote for Steve Hilton because I want there to be a Republican on the ballot because I think we got to beat the billionaires tax. And without a Republican on the ballot in November, I think that would be very, very difficult to do. Yes, you can. A 5-minute quick and easy calorie burning workout. Give it a try. Come join our sweat sesh on TikTok. Craving something specific? From global flavors to viral snacks, TikTok has it all.

[15:25] **Speaker B:** If you can dream it, you can make it right at home.

[15:29] **Speaker A:** Find your next favorite dish on TikTok. So in the California governor's race, it looks to me as if it's a three-horse race now. You got Javier Becerra, you got Tom Steyer, And you got Steve Hilton. Two of those three are going to make it into the final two in November. I'm hoping, even though I don't like Steve Hilton, that it will be Hilton for the reasons I've already stated, but it might not be. It's still possible. I think the most likely scenario is Becerra and Hilton. That's going to be my official prediction because it seems to me as if the more money that Tom Steyer spends on commercials, it doesn't seem to help him at all because he's such— so obviously a douchebag. That he's kind of hit a wall. And the more people see of him and the more it looks like he's trying to buy the election, it doesn't seem to work for him. But, you know, name recognition matters. So, but if I had to guess, I'd say Becerra and Hilton will be in the final two, and then Becerra will be the next governor of California. Because much like everything else in this upside-down world, Trump's endorsement ends any hope. Trump endorsing Hilton— not that a Republican had any chance anyway, but The fact that he's endorsed by Donald Trump makes it exceedingly easy to defeat Hilton in a general election in California. Now I want to move on to another topic we talk a lot about on the Death of Journalism podcast, and that is artificial intelligence. And something rather dramatic happened this past week where Pope Leo, in his first encyclical, basically went all out against AI, saying that it, quote, should be disarmed as if it is a nuclear bomb, and announced that effectively, it sounds like he and the Vatican are teaming with Anthropic. Anthropic is the AI company that brands itself as having a conscience. Teaming with Anthropic to try to come up with solutions to save humanity when it comes to this onslaught of artificial intelligence. Now, because of what has happened to the Catholic Church over the last couple decades, specifically with the Catholic Church scandal, but also with the loss of the power of religion throughout our society, at least in our— here in America, what the Pope says doesn't have nearly the same kind of impact than it would have, say, 30 or 40 years ago. However, there's a caveat here, and that is that this is the first American pope. So the fact that it's Pope Leo, an American, and the fact that there he's kind of teaming with Anthropic, I think does make this significant. And, um, it's a 42,000-word, uh, encyclical. I've not read the whole thing, but I've read summaries of it. I've watched what Pope Leo has said about it. I'm generally in favor of this because my perspective on AI is that this is a threat to humanity in all sorts of different ways. I mean, to me, I'm most concerned about what a massive amount of job loss will then create as a domino effect where we try to fix that and we destroy the essence of our society. But I think there's all sorts of other elements of this that are incredibly significant, you know, how human beings relate to each other, isolation, loneliness, not being able to tell what's real and what's fake. Uh, the fact that AI could overtake us, they, it could kill us in theory, although to me that's way down on the list of concerns, not that it isn't a concern, uh, but I do think it's, it should be considered. I'm also a big, uh, believer that AI is going to allow for a, a police state. The government will have way, way, way, way too much power in all sorts of different ways. I'm not sure that that's really at the top of Pope Leo's list of concerns, but I'm totally in favor of Pope Leo making this as his number one cause. And I think he could have some significant influence here because of the fact that he's the first American pope. So I applaud what Pope Leo is doing here. And there's some more evidence that what he's doing is needed because there were a couple statements by Sam Altman, the head of OpenAI, the guy who is by far the creepiest of all these already very creepy tech billionaires that are behind the AI boom. But Sam Altman is the worst. I mean, Sam Altman is a weird dude. He appears to be a liar. He's admitted to being a liar. He says all sorts of crazy things, uh, some of which he seems to be serious about. And I'm gonna play two clips here for you. The first one, I think, kind of deals a little bit with what Pope Leo was talking about, although this statement I think was made before Pope Leo's encyclical was released. And it deals in very, very broad terms about what Sam Altman refers to as a social contract. That AI is going to be so powerful and so dramatically and fundamentally change everything about our society that it will force us to alter the social contract. And here's specifically what Sam Altman said about that.

[20:57] **Speaker C:** I still expect, although I don't know what, and this is over a long period of time, this is not a like next year or, you know, the year after that kind of thing, but over a long period of time, I still expect that there will be some change required to the social contract given how powerful we expect this technology to be. Um, I'm not a believer that there won't be any jobs. I think we always find new things to do, but I do think like the whole structure of society itself will, you know, be up for some degree of debate and reconfiguration.

[21:31] **Speaker A:** Now that's a really dramatic statement. The balls on Sam Altman to say, yeah, you know, this product we have, it's going to force us to reconsider the entire social contract. And this gets me to maybe my number one issue in the entire AI topic, which is nobody signed the contract. No one is un-signing the contract, whatever this social contract is, however you define it. We know no one voted on this. No one decided. I mean, literally nobody, not even our, our legislative leaders, as if they're representative of us anymore, but nobody voted for this. It's an incredibly small group of very weird, super rich people who are very much incentivized in making sure that AI is the be-all end-all because they're making ridiculous amounts of money from that perception, who are making these decisions. And it's people like Sam Altman who's I mean, literally one of the worst people in the world to be in charge of whatever this social contract is going to be in the future, saying, yeah, we're probably going to have to rewrite the social contract. Boy, I'd love to know what the hell that actually means. But most importantly, nobody voted for us to change the social contract. Nobody voted for us to end the current foundation of our society, which is clearly imperfect but could be a hell of a lot worse. I guess that's probably the essence of my greatest concern because I've seen this happen in other areas of life. I'm probably the only person on the planet that keeps relating what's happening with AI or what might happen with AI to what's happened with college sports. College sports and specifically college football let the pursuit of utopian perfection get in the way of the very, very good. And it resulted in a situation that's far, far worse than what we had before. Well, I think AI could do exactly the same thing. They're promising utopian perfection. We're not going to have to work. We're going to have abundance of riches. Everyone's going to be rich. And I don't buy that for a second. And no one is more of a critic of what kind of a society we currently live in. But I'm also well aware it could be way, way worse than it is. We saw that during COVID The COVID panic, I think, was a— not a conscious, but effectively a test run for what could happen with AI. If you weren't awake during COVID and realize how human beings respond in this kind of a situation, then I'm sorry, I can't help you because you should understand after what we saw in the COVID panic, especially in the blue states, what will happen in an AI-dominated world. And it's not good. It's dystopian. And so that social contract comment should set off red flags everywhere when it comes to people's perception of AI. Now, the positive part of this is that the messaging, uh, by these tech overlords, and specifically by Sam Altman, has been so bad that public perceptions and opinions about AI is basically in the toilet, especially weirdly among younger people, which we've seen constantly at these graduation ceremonies where these clueless graduation speakers are referencing AI and not realizing that they're going to get booed out of the building. And that continues to happen, giving me some hope that there is now a building backlash or pushback against this idea that we're just going to change everything about society based upon what a very few incentivized people want to have happen. And as far as specifically what AI is selling or what OpenAI is selling, Sam Altman made another statement that also got quite a bit of attention online and went viral for the way that he described what AI is. And the way he describes it here, he makes it sound like essentially— well, he says a lot of things here, but in my opinion, the essence of this is, hey, look, um, AI is going to be the source of all the intelligence you need. You can be an idiot now and you're just gonna buy intelligence. And guess who you're gonna buy it from? You're gonna buy it from us. And that's not an exaggeration. Here's specifically what Altman said.

[26:02] **Speaker C:** Fundamentally, our business, and I think the business of every other model provider, is going to look like selling tokens. You know, they may come from bigger or smaller models, which makes them more or less expensive. They may use more or less reasoning, which also makes them more or less expensive. They may be running all the time in the background trying to help you out. They may run only when you need them if you want to pay less. They may, work super hard, you know, spend tens of millions, hundreds of millions, someday billions of dollars on a single problem.

[26:33] **Speaker B:** Right.

[26:33] **Speaker C:** That's really valuable. But we see a future where intelligence is a utility like electricity or water, and people buy it from us on a meter and use it for whatever they want to use it for. The demand that we see for that seems like it's going to continue to just go like this. And if we don't have enough, we either can't sell it or the price gets really high and it kind of goes to rich people or society makes a bunch of sort of central planning decisions that I think almost always go badly about, you know, we're going to use our limited compute supply for this and not that. So the best thing to me throughout all the history of capitalism, innovation, whatever you want, is to just flood the market. Yeah.

[27:24] **Speaker A:** Again, the audacity here, the audacity to say we now own intelligence, you don't need to worry about intelligence on your own, you can just buy it from us, is so ridiculous. First of all, where are they getting that intelligence? They're stealing it. Essentially, they've stolen the internet. That's effectively what's happened. They just stole the internet. So now they own all quote-unquote intelligence, and now they're going to be you willing to sell it back to us? I mean, it's just so ridiculous. However, I think Altman is so bad at this and so transparently dangerous that I don't think it's working from a PR perspective. And that's giving me a little bit of tiny glimmer of hope that maybe there is a path, uh, to, to avoid total destruction here. I'm saying maybe. And as far as the level of that intelligence. There's been some consternation. I know Glenn Beck went on a tirade, some consternation about whether or not we've already reached AGI. AGI is something I've talked a lot about on this podcast, where essentially that's where artificial intelligence exceeds human intelligence. And that's the point beyond which I think we're completely screwed. I agree that reaching AGI is a huge deal if that ever happens. Glenn Beck thinks that it may have already happened because a guest on the Joe Rogan Show implied that it might have already happened. And, um, look, I don't have a big thing against Joe Rogan other than the fact he's not that bright, but I can assure you, I can assure you that when we reach AGI, if it ever happens, and I'm still hoping that it won't, but I'm recognizing there's a very good chance that it will eventually happen sometime in the future, when we reach AGI, it's not going to be announced on the Joe Rogan Show, folks. That's not the way this is going to happen. Just like announcing that space aliens have visited Earth is not going to be released on a weekend News Nation show. It's not going to happen that way. All right. If anyone actually reaches AGI, they're going to have a massive incentive to tell the world and they're going to tell the world in very dramatic fashion so that they can take the greatest advantage of it from a financial perspective. So I don't believe that we've actually reached AGI yet, and I'm still hopeful that maybe we won't. Now, there's another aspect of the whole AI situation that I don't think has been getting nearly enough attention. Wanna be a star? No problem.

[30:01] **Speaker D:** Anyone can shine on TikTok. Post your first video today.

[30:05] **Speaker A:** Real life, real story, real you. Download TikTok and get started. Hate cleaning? Hate scrubbing?

[30:16] **Speaker B:** Hate dishwashing?

[30:17] **Speaker A:** Bro, we got you. Millions of videos about smart cleaning hacks will make your chores feel like a breeze. Download TikTok and check it out. That has happened in just the last a couple of weeks, and that is that there are companies announcing, and not just one, but Microsoft probably in the most dramatic fashion. But there have been companies that have been giving indications that they now believe that AI may be more expensive, maybe more expensive than human workers, at least currently. And, uh, this— if, if that's the, the truth, and if that becomes accepted as the reality, to me that's a huge problem with regard to this entire AI boom, because it's all predicated on the idea that AI is going to be less expensive than human beings, which is the whole fear of massive job loss. And here's a CNN segment. Um, this was kind of put together in a, in a rather, I thought, jovial and not particularly professional way. But, um, that's not why I'm going to play the clip, because it kind of reviews where we are on this issue of companies suddenly realizing, wait a minute, AI actually isn't free. It's not close to free. It's very, very expensive, at least right now, maybe more expensive than human workers. And here's what that sounded like on CNN.

[31:53] **Speaker D:** I spoke with a VP at NVIDIA who first flagged this to me. He said, oh yeah, for months our costs for my team have been more for AI than humans. So that was the first flag. And then we started to hear this coming out in droves. Uber's CTO said he already blew out his whole budget for 2026 just on AI-related costs. And obviously that means he's spending more on that than he's spending on human workers. And now I'm starting to hear, especially from startup founders, they're bragging about their AI bills. Being high because kind of this sign of like, yeah, I'm really ahead.

[32:23] **Speaker A:** It's so flex—

[32:24] **Speaker D:** like I'm blowing so much cash.

[32:26] **Speaker A:** Exactly.

[32:27] **Speaker D:** Exactly. But the whole point of this was supposed to be that it cut down on costs, expanded profits, especially for public companies. But it's unclear if that's going to be tenable.

[32:35] **Speaker A:** Yeah. When, when is that curve?

[32:38] **Speaker B:** I guess is one big way.

[32:39] **Speaker A:** But you have some of the data you have in your report is kind of fascinating. Worldwide IT spending is expected to be up 13.5% this year compared to just last year, over $6 trillion.

[32:54] **Speaker B:** Where is all this money going to?

[32:56] **Speaker D:** Well, a lot of it is going towards token costs, which is basically like the currency of AI use. Also, of course, subscriptions. If you've got an enterprise contract with OpenAI, with Anthropic. So a lot of it is going towards these AI labs. The thing is, though, the queries that I'm putting into AI, those don't cost very much. It's for the people who are coding or using an autonomous agent overnight. But at some companies, especially the tech ones like Meta, they're encouraging that high token use because again, they want to see and seem like they're really ahead in the AI.

[33:27] **Speaker A:** Now to me, I thought that was going to be a huge news story, especially when it's more than just one company. Because when you start to get companies that are against self-interest, really acknowledging that, wait a minute, there might be a miscalculation here. That has the potential— I, I like expected there to be a significant stock market drawback because of this. That has not happened as of yet because the entire premise of this massive stock market, uh, explosion in AI stocks over the last year or so has been the premise that job loss is going to occur, that job expense is going to be reduced by these companies because AI is less expensive than, than human workers. That's at the bedrock of the entire situation. Now, to be clear, this is not a unanimous view at all. In fact, the Anthropic CEO made another comment just earlier this week still in the realm of we're going to have massive job loss, still sounding the alarm that what's going to happen to our society when there are no jobs and people lose jobs because AI is replacing them. That seems to be contradictory to me. I don't have a good explanation for why the contradiction. Maybe there's isolated situations where the cost-benefit analysis doesn't work. Maybe this is temporary. Maybe Once the data centers get built up, then the costs will eventually go down. But my understanding is the data centers go obsolete very quickly, so they're going to have to continue to be rebuilt. So to me, this is not getting enough attention based upon my perception of this issue, because I've always been most concerned with the topic of, okay, if we have massive job loss, that's going to spark a domino effect that is going to send us into not just socialism, but government-controlled dystopian communism. That's to me the only end result that is logical if we have massive, massive job loss, not to mention all sorts of short-term harm to people who have lost their jobs, disruption of everything that we thought we understood about the nature of our society and our culture, and our economy. I mean, there's all sorts of disruptive elements to this, but I think it very, it very much leads to a very bad place. And, and so I've always said, we don't have too, too many good options here. Either we have this dystopian socialism, government-controlled life, or we don't reach AGI and the economics don't work. And the stock market ends up collapsing and, uh, there, which is going to cause a domino effect in a different way. And I'm not, uh, you know, in the short run, obviously the, the economic collapse would probably be worse. Um, but maybe that's the best case scenario because I'd rather have that than in the long run end up in a world that no one wants to live in. And so, um, I've, I've had this AI fear factor rating for quite a while now on the podcast. Currently, the AI fear factor rating is 8.0. I'm going to lower it to 7.5 simply because of two things: the Pope coming into the battle, and I thought a very strong way, and related to that, the clear backlash, especially among younger people against AI, and that the lack of popularity of AI. Within most of the American public. And then this idea that we're finding out that the economics don't seem to work, that there may not be an incentive for some of these companies to ditch workers. Now, they're, you know, the proof is in the pudding. A lot of these companies are ditching workers, these technology companies. But there's a school of thought there, which I don't think is irrational, that The two things are actually happening. One, they overhired during COVID and so now they're just going through the natural process of getting rid of people that didn't really need. And two, they are benefiting from the perception that it's AI-related, that if they can create this narrative that we're getting rid of jobs because of AI, these are AI-related companies, right? So they have a vested interest in the perception that, hey, look, AI is working, we're not going to need as many workers, which is going to probably help their stock price on multiple levels. One, generally your stock price goes up when you get rid of workers anyway, but particularly if you're an AI company, you're proving that the whole AI model is based upon reality by claiming that these job losses are due to AI. I think there's some rationality to that. Now, I don't know for sure that that's the case, but I do think that that makes some sense, which is why I'm only going down to 7.5. 7.5 is still pretty damn high. I'm still very much in the very frightened realm of the fear factor on artificial intelligence. But just for the sake of argument, I'm going to lower it from 8.0 to 7.5. Again, if you're keeping track, at home. Now, there is another element to this that I don't 100% know how to interpret, and that is what Google has done over the last week. And effectively, Google, which contradicts a little bit of my theory on why I'm becoming a tiny, tiny bit more optimistic— Google is now putting everything into AI. Google has essentially become an AI company. And they've now even radically altered their famous search engine to make it primarily AI-based. Now, as I've tested it out myself, I think this has been a little bit overrated because there were, there were a lot of people I saw online saying this is the end of the Google search engine and that this has completely radically altered everything. I don't really like it, but I, it, at least in my cursory investigation, I was still able to find actual real links to actual real articles made by actual real human beings. And the AI search engine on Google has been around for a while. Interestingly, Google, I talk all the time about the magic. You got to protect the magic in everything, right? If you get magic, it's so rare. You must protect that at all costs. And for Google, the search engine was magical. I mean, it was way better than everybody else's, and it's amazing. And I totally understood from an advertising perspective why people would spend money advertising on Google. So I never had any problem under, you know, believing that Google really was a very, very valuable company. Conversely, I've never quite understood why Meta is supposed to be so valuable. Facebook. I, I think Facebook is crap, even though I still use it for posting pictures of my kids, although they're not cute enough to post very often about anymore. And occasionally some stuff on the, on the Penn State Sandusky story and obviously our podcast. But in general, I've never understood the quote unquote magic of Facebook. Google, I totally get. And the fact that Google is messing with that in a very significant way, I find to be odd. Now, I give Google a lot of the benefit of the doubt because they're clearly a bunch of geniuses there because they figure this out better than anybody else. So it's, it's, I'm very hesitant to say these people are idiots. They don't know what they're doing. I think that in fact, I give them credit. They must know something that I don't know or understand something that I don't understand. Until proven otherwise. However, this is not directly related, but it's somewhat related. I think this is indicative of what a fucked up world the internet has become. But, you know, the Google search engine, and this has essentially been admitted to by Google, was made worse by Google on purpose in recent years. And you're probably, if you haven't heard this, you're probably, what? What are you talking about, Zig? Yeah. Google figured out that their search engine was so good that it was giving results on the first try that were so effective that it was actually leaving money on the table in their metrics. Because, you know, numbers are all that matter now. Doesn't matter if you can figure out a way to make your product worse, but make more money, kind of like the National Football League, the National Football League. Here I am relating AI to football, but nobody has done a better job of making more money with a worse product than the National Football League. Well, Google figured out the same thing, that if they made the search engine worse, people would have to search more often, which would then create for them in the end, more clicks, more money, more traffic, what have you. And so, um, I think that to me is, is pretty symbolic of the internet in general and when— where our economics are headed. But I at least wanted to mention the Google shift because it certainly goes against the idea that I'm still holding on to, that maybe this is all still at least somewhat of a miscalculation. It's hard for me to understand how Google would miscalculate this dramatically, and that's why the fear factor is still at 7.5. Now, one of the things about Google going to almost completely AI that has set off alarm bells, uh, is in the news media. See, I've talked a lot about on, on the Death of Journalism podcast how the, the news media business model has completely collapsed in many different ways. And one of the ways that it's now currently collapsing is that even when we went to the internet, when we went to the internet, it essentially killed the newspaper, right? For, you know, we got Craigslist, killed the classified ads, and, you know, people got used to free content. So they were— many people were unwilling to actually pay for a newspaper subscription, even though it used to be, you know, normal when you got it delivered to your house. But it just, for whatever reason, psychologically, a lot of people just weren't willing to do that. And so news media outlets and specifically newspapers relied a lot on traffic, on, on tra— literally traffic. If you think of, you know, like, uh, you know, tributaries from a river, uh, and, and that's where you're gonna get your, your water supply from. Well, Google was at the epicenter of where the water was. And, you know, because of the way Google was set up before it became AI dominated, they sent a ton of traffic to news outlets, mostly newspapers, if you even want to still call them newspapers. And slowly but surely, that has been dissipating. And these tributaries have been drying up. And the perception, and I understand it, is that with Google search engine now going mostly to AI, that that's going to get even more dramatic, that that's going to be an even bigger problem for news outlets of all sorts than it was previously. Now, we don't know for sure that that's going to be the case, but that is clearly one of the great concerns in the news media, that they're not gonna get a free lunch from Google anymore. And, and now they're already broken business model is gonna be even more in peril than it was previously. And in that context, I thought there was a really fascinating and telling interview with Jeff Bezos, obviously the guy who founded Amazon, but he also owns the New York Post. Now, he did this interview with CNBC. He doesn't do a lot of interviews. And so this one got a lot of attention, but I'm just gonna play one clip from it because to me, this one belongs in the Museum of the Death of Journalism, if there ever is one. And there obviously should be, regardless of the name of this podcast, uh, because Jeff Bezos just does not get it. He looks at the Washington Post purely as a business. And especially in this day and age, you cannot do that if you want journalism to survive. But the disconnect, the blind spot that Jeff Bezos has, is exposed in this clip, is as dramatic as I've ever seen it from a major news outlet owner. And the subject is layoffs at the Washington Post. And I have said this previously, that I don't understand— this is before I heard Bezos explain his side of it— I do not understand why someone as rich as Jeff Bezos wouldn't just look at The Washington Post as a public trust, as a loss leader, and have it as its goal, have as its goal great journalism. Now, sometimes great journalism, if you get lucky, can be profitable, but a lot of times great journalism, because it's very expensive and Oftentimes requires you to piss off a lot of people because at its core, at its core, especially in this day and age, unpopular truths cannot make a profit. And you're going to be incentivized to promote popular lies because they can be very easily monetized. Well, that's not journalism. Bezos doesn't seem to understand about that or doesn't care if he does understand. And so here was this incredibly telling exchange between CNBC and Jeff Bezos over what the role of the news media in general, and specifically The Washington Post, is when it comes to economic viability.

[48:12] **Speaker C:** Talking about markets.

[48:14] **Speaker A:** Yeah.

[48:14] **Speaker C:** I was asking about the news market. Yeah. Because you own The Washington Post.

[48:19] **Speaker E:** Yes.

[48:20] **Speaker C:** And one of the critiques critiques, by the way, and this is, this is maybe the wealth critique and everything else, is, you know, we just said the company laid off about 30% of its staff, and there's a lot of people out there who said Jeff's super wealthy, he's talked about this being a public trust, is something when that he bought early on, uh, how much you care about that piece of it. Why lay people off?

[48:44] **Speaker A:** Why fire people?

[48:45] **Speaker E:** Why don't you subsidize the business In fact, the Post needs to be a profitable enterprise that stands on its own two feet. It needs to be— but does it?

[48:55] **Speaker A:** Yes.

[48:55] **Speaker C:** I mean, that's the question. Some people say it should be a trust.

[48:57] **Speaker E:** And let me tell you why.

[48:58] **Speaker C:** Okay.

[48:59] **Speaker E:** Because it's a measure of its relevance. If people won't pay for our product, we're not doing— it's not a good enough product. It's like, you know, doing— it would be like poetry without rhymes. It's too easy. So we want— it's got to be something that people will pay for because that's a signal, right? It's a signal that we're providing a relevant service. With your paper, The New York Times, you guys make a ton of money. You guys are doing very well financially, and you're providing a service that people are willing to pay for. We can do that too. And guess what I told them, you know, when we were planning those layoffs, right? I didn't pick who was gonna get laid off. For which departments, I said, follow the data, follow the data. And I said, there's one exception to this.

[49:44] **Speaker C:** What's that?

[49:46] **Speaker E:** Don't follow the data on investigative reporting. The heart of the Post is investigative reporting. And guess what? Our newsroom today, even after the layoffs, is still larger than when we did Watergate and the Pentagon Papers. And so— and we just won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, the most prestigious prize, most prestigious Pulitzer, for our investigation into DOJ. So the Post is going to continue to be an important institution. In fact, it's going to be a more important institution because of this financial discipline. It needs to be relevant to readers. It needs to stand on its own two feet. I don't want it to be a charity.

[50:28] **Speaker A:** It doesn't need to be in a I get from an economic perspective what Jeff Bezos is saying, but he's wrong. He is totally wrong if you actually care about journalism. I've said many times in this podcast that the way that corporate America now views the world, which is you must show growth in your next quarterly statement or you have failed and you might lose your job It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what the cost of that growth is, what you have to give up, what you might be creating with regard to problems for the future, or where you might be pissing off your core audience or your customer base in the future. It does not matter. All we care about is growth in the next quarter. It's destroying a lot of sports, by the way. I mean, sports is, I think, right at the epicenter of this problem, but it's not just sports. It's everything. Entertainment. Everything is being— and journalism clearly is extremely vulnerable to this.

[51:32] **Speaker D:** Wait, you don't need an hour to burn calories. TikTok has short workouts that get your heart rate up fast. Download now and get moving.

[51:44] **Speaker A:** Yes, you can. A 5-minute quick and easy calorie burning workout. Give it a try. Come join our sweat sesh on TikTok. And I, I just wish that the CNBC, uh, reporter, who obviously is a smart guy and, uh, you know, probably understands this but didn't get a chance to reference it, would at least ask Bezos, okay, so think about what you're saying. If you're only going to evaluate the product of the Washington Post based upon how popular it is, instead of how good it is from a journalistic perspective. Does that not incentivize The Washington Post to do things that are not journalistically sound, especially in this fragmented era where you're desperately trying to appeal to an audience that has all sorts of other options? They can find what they want to hear elsewhere if they don't like what you're telling them. That's why popular lies are so dangerous. That's why— not to get off on a tangent here, but that's why we're seeing so much UFO coverage under the guise that the government under Trump has suddenly released all these UFO videos of blurry stuff that somebody got freaked out about. It clearly doesn't result in any sort of evidence at all that we've been visited by space aliens. But the reason why every single major outlet, every single one, every single television outlet has done major stories. CBS, NBC, and CBS, which normally would never have given credibility to such a bullshit topic, have done so. Why? Because they know it's popular. And I've said many times on social media, you know, because the UFO people think that the coverage that they're getting is an indication that their cause has become more credible. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, your cause didn't become more credible. It's just that Journalism decayed to the point where they now understand that there's a large enough audience of morons who believe we've been visited by space aliens. And under the guise that because the government is releasing this, they have some cover to go ahead and appeal to these morons by promoting a narrative that's a popular lie. That's what the whole UFO thing is. Now, I would have no problem. You want to show some crazy videos. Oh, isn't this weird? As if you made it clear that there's no evidence or logic that we've ever been visited by space aliens. But no one wants to do that because you're pissing off the very audience you're appealing to. So these— to me, the UFO space alien issue is a classic example of this. And there's so many examples on the other side because The Washington Post is a subscription model. And they need to appeal to a specific demographic, generally progressive, rich, white liberals. And of course, you know, some people made a very good point that Bezos is condemning the Washington Post because their product isn't popular enough when Bezos himself made a decision in the 2024 election cycle to not endorse Kamala Harris, to not endorse anybody. Which cost the Washington Post a lot of subscribers. Why? Because that's their subscriber base. So Bezos is actually partially to blame for why the Washington Post is not as profitable as it might be, because they lost subscribers based upon a decision he made. Well, that entire business model is broken. I mean, I, I've talked often about how I hate the fact that this podcast is now a subscriber-based podcast. The OnlyFans model, as I joke about it. Now, the difference here is I think this audience understands that I have no inclination whatsoever to change my views on things or to shift content based upon what I think the subscriber base either wants or doesn't want. I'm more than willing to say things that I know that are going to probably piss off subscribers. And I'm just going to let the chips fall where they may. But this is a very small-time operation. This is not the Washington Post. They're not going to do that. They're going to make decisions based upon, okay, what does our subscriber base want? What's going to maintain and potentially grow our subscriber base? And that equation is not in any way, shape, or form consistent with basic journalistic principles, which is to find out and expose the truth come what may. That's what journalism was supposed to be. That's what a lot of the legacy of the Washington Post was supposed to be. Although I think a lot of that legacy is based on, on a fallacy and false narratives. I mean, most famously Watergate. This is an aside, but I just happened to see the video recently. And one of my favorite videos involving any entertainer talking about a serious news story is Bill Murray on the Joe Rogan podcast. Since I pissed on the Joe Rogan podcast a few minutes ago, this was a great moment to me. Where, you know, Bill Murray, no conservative, was reading a book about his good friend John Belushi that was written by Bob Woodward from Woodward and Bernstein fame. And in the first few pages, he realized what a total and complete fabrication the book was because he knew John Belushi very well from his Saturday Night Live days. And he blurts out on the Joe Rogan Show, my God, they framed Nixon. Which I think is so tremendous and probably true because Woodward has really exposed himself in many ways after Watergate as not being anywhere near as credible as everyone thought he was back when Richard Nixon was taken out over the Watergate scandal. But that is a huge part of the legacy of the Washington Post. And at the time they thought they were doing truth to power. So look, I, I, I'm certainly in the camp of those that, that are actually celebrating the death of a Washington Post or the dying of a Washington Post or other news outlets that have been way too liberal, way liberally biased, not been good for the country. But I'm also of the belief that the Washington Post is an important institution. The nation's capital ought to have a strong politically based newspaper. We need that regardless of how liberally biased the news coverage is. And so I guess I'm, you know, a realist, and I understand that the bias is a significant issue, and I wish that something could be done about that. But the economics that we live in don't allow for it, because whether you're on the right or the left, you have to appeal to your target demographic to get them to subscribe and to keep them subscribing, especially now that we're living in a world where even traffic doesn't really help you. And the traffic value has gone down. And as I've referenced with Google, the amount of traffic you get to your website has gone down very significantly in recent years. So now you're left with just subscribers. And to me, the subscriber business model is inherently contradictory to any sort of good journalism. And Jeff Bezos clearly does not understand that. And that to me is a really great example of why journalism is dead. Because in a rational world, in a world where journalism was not dead, Jeff Bezos would say, you know what, yeah, we didn't make as much money, uh, last quarter as we did the previous quarter, and, or maybe we lost money a little bit, but you know what, I can handle that because You know, Amazon is worth a gazillion dollars, and I understand how important the Washington Post is, and I want it to be as fair and responsible as possible. I want it to be a good journalistic organization. If that makes money, fantastic. We're going to do things to try to, you know, be responsible with how we allocate our resources. But the most important thing is our journalism. Our reporting and the truth. He didn't say any of that. He didn't say any of that. It was all about the bottom line. And unfortunately, that perspective has pervaded everything, not just in journalism but in entertainment and in sports and in virtually every walk of life, which is why we can't have nice things anymore, because it's all about the bottom line. It's— I get the bottom line matters. I'm not naive. I'm a realist. I get it. But it used to be part of a larger equation. Now it's the only thing, even when it comes to The Washington Post. Now, somewhat related to the issues involving The Washington Post is what's been going on in entertainment and television and fragmentation and how that has destroyed the business model. And we saw that once again with the end of Stephen Colbert at CBS late-night television and his 7-month martyrdom tour, where somehow the world became convinced that he was being fired because Donald Trump wanted him fired. A narrative that never made any sense to me, because if Donald Trump was really telling Paramount that you got to get rid of Stephen Colbert for your mergers to be approved of, Stephen Colbert would have been finished immediately. At most, he would have been given a week. At most. But instead, he was given 7 months and carte blanche and full promotion and every guest he wanted and clearly no restrictions on content. And this became one of the biggest entertainment stories certainly of the year, if not the decade, when it didn't warrant it. Because all this was, was the end of a show that was losing a lot of money. Now, this is not journalism, obviously. It's a comedy show, although the lines have been getting more and more blurred. And clearly part of the problem for Colbert, when— from a ratings perspective, is that he had become overtly political. Something that Johnny Carson never did, something that Jay Leno never really did, something that David Letterman didn't do during the first parts of his career, although he's now clearly a, a left-wing hack, especially in retirement. And the ratings indicated that. Now the ratings were in the tank for a lot of reasons, partially because of fragmentation, partially because of changing habits, especially of young people. The fact that, you know, we can just tape things now, we're used to seeing things whenever we want to. Staying up late night is not the same as it used to be back in the day. There's all sorts of reasons, but at the core, the product was not as good and it was essentially telling half the country, don't even bother to tune in because we don't like you. And that's not an exaggeration because that's how overtly political and very liberal Stephen Colbert was. And I'm talking as someone who I used to like Stephen Colbert. I thought he was a genius on The Daily Show and then his own show, Colbert Report, where he played a right-wing talk show host and did so in a brilliant fashion. But that did not translate to him being a real person on The Late Show on CBS. Well, even after 7 months of buildup, the liberal media industrial complex promoting him ad nauseam All these celebrity guests having Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon pave the way by airing reruns so they would not compete with the finale for Stephen Colbert's show. You know how many people actually tuned in for the Colbert finale? 6.7 million people. 6.7 million people. That's nothing. Nothing for a finale. Now, yeah, it was the largest audience he'd had in a long time, but that's nothing for that level of buildup. And just to give you a point of comparison, Letterman's finale got almost twice as many people to watch— 13.8 million people with a smaller general population. And Johnny Carson's finale 55 million people. Again, with a much smaller general population.

[64:52] **Speaker B:** When you manage procurement for multiple facilities, every order matters. But when it's for a hospital system, they matter even more. Grainger gets it and knows there's no time for managing multiple suppliers and no room for shipping delays. That's why Grainger offers millions of products and fast, dependable delivery. So you can keep your facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-Granger, click granger.com, or just stop by. Granger. For the ones who get it done. This is the story of the one. As a procurement manager for a hospital system, she keeps every facility in her network stocked and ready. That's why she counts on Granger to be her single source for thousands of products, from disinfectants to lighting, air filters, and more. And with fast, dependable delivery, Grainger helps her keep every facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[65:52] **Speaker A:** When Johnny Carson retired, Carson 55 million, Letterman just under 14 million, Stephen Colbert 6.7 million people. For the finale. I mean, that— if that doesn't tell you why he was canceled, I don't know what does. And it wasn't because of Donald Trump. Now, did Trump have some influence? Sure. I'm, I'm sure that Paramount, when they figured this out, thought, okay, well, one of the benefits of finally getting rid of this, this show that's losing a lot of money is that will probably be pleasing to Donald Trump. Whose help we might need on these mergers that we're involved with or might be involved with when it comes to, to Warner Discovery. That is certainly possible, but I just can't get over— and I went on NewsNation television and I said this directly— I said, how in the world can you conclude that Donald Trump caused Paramount to fire Stephen Colbert when they give him a 7-month martyrdom full send-off. And simultaneously, they are approving and promoting a show called South Park— the same company Paramount is— South Park, which is featuring— not just showing once or twice— featuring Donald Trump with a very tiny penis and a guy who literally sleeps with Satan. That is a huge part of of the South Park series that debuted at the same time period as Stephen Colbert's alleged firing for political purposes. That doesn't make any sense to me, uh, and because it's not logical. So to me, I think Trump took credit for things that didn't happen. By the way, you know, this is typical of Trump. So he posts an AI version of him throwing Stephen Colbert in the trash been, which is fanbase loved, which got way more views online. Of course, it's always difficult to tell what views are and what impressions are, but by every measure, got way more views online, even as dumb as it was, because I think it was taking credit for something that doesn't help Trump and, and for which he probably had very little to do with. But from a ratings perspective, that clip got more views for sure than the finale for Stephen Colbert on CBS, which is really telling about the world in which we now live. I want to shift now to something that happened, I guess you would call it, in the NBA. And, um, there's a couple reasons why I'm going to delve into this topic very briefly, but I, I do not pay attention to the NBA playoffs anymore, although now that the New York Knicks are back in the, the finals, I find the Knicks to be at least somewhat interesting, partially because they haven't been there in so long, partially because of the the multiple Villanova players that they have on the team. So I'm mildly interested in whether or not the Knicks are finally going to win an NBA championship for the first time in forever and ever. But the Knicks were playing the Cleveland Cavaliers in Cleveland, and who showed up to the game to sit courtside but Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. Of course, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are going to get married at some point this year. By the way, for the record, I don't think anybody knows when they're going to get married. There's been rumors about Fourth of July weekend. To me, don't trust anything you hear about their wedding plans because it's obvious clickbait, because there's an enormous amount of, of interest and a built-in massive audience for any story involving Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce getting married. And there's no rational way for how any information would actually be credible because this is obviously you know, a very tightly run operation, basically a CIA Mossad operation to keep this as quiet as possible. And so far they've been very successful at doing that. So it was, it made a lot of news and got a lot of attention that they made a public appearance sitting courtside at the Cleveland Cavaliers-New York Knicks playoff game. And the reason why they were there is that Travis Kelce is from Ohio, originally from just outside of the Cleveland area. And so plausibly, although I never knew he was a Cleveland Cavaliers fan, but okay, fine. So he's, he's a Cleveland guy and he's there with obviously the most famous woman in the world, Taylor Swift. They're sitting courtside and ESPN does something that I found to be utterly hilarious. I thought it was one of the rare golden moments in modern sportscasting because I think modern sportscasting is boring. I think they're so afraid to take any risks, partially because of social media. We've talked with Bob Costas on this podcast multiple times about how risk-averse people are in this day and age because they're terrified of how they're going to be responded to on social media and clips will be taken out of context. And, you know, essentially play-by-play announcers have become stenographers, and analytics have taken over everything, and there's no real drama or narrative building, and no one wants to try to make a joke because it might not work. So it becomes boring to me. Well, we had this what I thought to be hilarious moment when ESPN announcers, they, um, referenced the fact that Travis Kelce is on the sideline and they specifically do not use Taylor Swift's name. And it's obvious to anyone with a brain what they're doing here. They're, they're making a joke, which I thought was hilarious, referring to Taylor Swift as his girlfriend and his fiancée, when obviously the reality is that she's at the game and he just happens to be accompanying her. Because he's from Cleveland. But they switched that completely as a way of, I think, making a joke in a weird way, complimenting Taylor Swift because that's how big she is, and maybe trolling the Swifties a little bit. And, and here's what that sounded like on ESPN. Look here, Travis Kelce and his fiancée here at the game. Oh, Travis Kelce, that's good to have him here. I know Ohio native, a Cleveland native. Shaker Heights. He's an Ohio boy. Needless to say, the ovation was pretty big when they entered the arena. Yeah, as Travis and his girlfriend are in the building, that's always great to see. I think the wedding plans are done, they're in good shape. Now when I saw that, I laughed. I thought, that is genius, that is perfect. And my presumption was that everyone was going to get it, that virtually at least everybody who mattered was going to understand that this was not a diss at Taylor Swift. This was actually a compliment to Taylor Swift, that she's so big and it's so obvious that she's bigger than Travis Kelce that we're going to make fun of that. We're in a weird way making fun of Travis Kelce because, you know, we're kind of only focused on him. We're not even going to say her name. And even as dim a view as I have of society and humanity and commentators and how stupid I think people are, even I was frankly stunned by how many people clearly did not get the joke. Now, I get that Swifties are effectively cult members and they are basically designed to attack anybody that does anything that seems to diss Taylor Swift even a little bit, I get that. Um, so I'm kind of putting that reaction off to the side, although I test ran this past my almost 14-year-old daughter Grace, who's a big Swiftie, and she thought it was funny. Now, she didn't think it was as funny as I did, but she got it immediately. And I thought, okay, if Grace is getting this, then everyone has to be getting this, right? That was not the case. There were even some male commentators, sports commentators, including one guy I respect from Barstool, Jack Mack. I think he's a very good commentator. He seemingly did not get this at all. He thought that ESPN was trolling Taylor Swift or just simply omitted her name for, for reasons that were inexplicable. And I just I'm flummoxed by this. Now I realize that there is something called a sarcasm gene, that some people just literally do not get sarcasm. They literally don't. They have a blind spot to it. I think there's probably a correlation there with lack of intelligence when you don't have the sarcasm gene, but that's another story for another day. But I was really quite taken aback by how many people were outraged by this and did not seem to get the joke. But I wanted to applaud ESPN because I thought that was one of the rare moments of true humor. And you know, I referenced Bob Costas, um, because Bob would often do things on the air as a play-by-play announcer, including in the NBA, that were legitimately funny. Now, not everyone loved his sense of humor. I did. I thought he was very funny online. In fact, uh, isn't it a weird coincidence? There was a clip of the last time the Knicks made the NBA Finals of Bob Costas going through all the celebrities that were courtside, and he was making jokes about several of the celebrities that were there. Um, one of them was Billy Crystal, and I thought the clip was really interesting because You know, almost all the celebrities are, are not going to— the same people other than Spike Lee and maybe Billy Crystal, I don't know, are not going to be around or are not going to be Knicks fans all these years later. I actually sent it to Bob and he said he sent it to Billy Crystal. Um, but it reminded me that there was a time period where humor was a part of the equation here and it's no longer part of the equation. I think this situation might have been the exception that proves the rule, because the backlash was significant because people didn't get the obvious joke. Now, when we're talking about Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, I want to mention one other thing that happened during this appearance. I have in the past— I've been all over the map on the Travis Kelce-Taylor Swift relationship. I fully acknowledge that my general view was at the beginning, this is real. I did not understand why people did not think it was real, and I was vindicated on that. However, I've gone back and forth on whether or not it's a good idea, especially from Taylor's perspective, for them to get married. I have said unequivocally Travis ought to nail this down because while Taylor Swift isn't perfect, I think, you know, when it comes to people who are in her position, she could be a hell of a lot worse. And I didn't like her role in the Blake Lively lawsuit, and I've got issues with her politically, but people could be a hell of a lot worse in her position of power. We could do a hell of a lot worse. I've said many times, you know, I'll take Taylor Swift as a teenage girl idol over Madonna any day of the week. And so from Travis's perspective, I have said, you know, go ahead and nail this down. This, this is going to be, at least in the short run, good for you. Although I've also said I think there's a very, very good chance they end up getting divorced and he gets eviscerated in an album somewhere down the road. That— there's a very good chance of that happening. And I've also said that I perceive Travis Kelce as white trash adjacent. And what I mean by that is, oh, I think it's pretty self-explanatory, but I don't think he's white trash, but there's some strands of white trash DNA that are within Travis Kelce. And I actually think that if it wasn't for Jason Kelce and his amazing wife Kylie, I'm not sure Taylor would be marrying Travis Kelce. If Travis Kelce was a, was a, an only child and, and Taylor didn't look at Jason and Kylie and see what a great dad Jason appears to be and how funny Jason is, uh, I think that Jason is really the reason why Taylor is willing to marry Travis, because I think Travis would be perceived totally differently without Jason and Kylie in the mix. And part of that is because, um, I think he's got some issues with alcohol, uh, and his behavior when he gets a little bit drunk. We saw that after the Chiefs won their last Super Bowl. But during this game with the Cavaliers and the Knicks, and I understand what Travis was doing, you know, the Cavaliers ended up losing the game. He wanted to rile the crowd up. So during a break in the action, he stood up and he pounded a beer and the crowd went wild. And there's been a lot of attention to Taylor's reaction to this. And she was play-acting faux embarrassment, and then she applauded him and what have you. But I gotta believe somewhere deep down Taylor's a little bit worried because this is a guy who's still playing for the Kansas City Chiefs. Now I think the Chiefs are making a mistake by keeping Travis, uh, in the mix because I— because they're going to have to start him because he's Mr. Taylor Swift, and I don't think he's nearly as good as he used to be. And I think that he's probably going to weigh down an already, uh, you know, decaying Chiefs offense. But anyway, the point of this is I think that Taylor Swift has got to have some doubts about Travis Kelce and what he's going to be like after football. Because this is what he's like now while he's still, you know, allegedly an All-Pro NFL football player. What's he going to be like when that's gone. And that to me is, is not going to wear well over time. That's going to get old, especially for someone like Taylor Swift. So I, I saw some warning signs in that appearance. Um, I, I still think obviously they're going to get married. I, I hope they actually have kids because I think Taylor Swift having kids might have a huge social impact when it comes to young women wanting to get married and having kids, which I think we need in our society. So I, I think there still could be some positive things out of this, but I still see warning signs in the long run when it comes to how this will all end between Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. Thanks for listening to today's free drop of the abbreviated show. If you're interested in listening to the entire show, you must become a patron. Please go to Patreon, that's Patreon.com patreon.com/thedeathofjournalismwithjohnziegler. My name is J-O-H-N-Z-I-E-G-L-E-R. That's patreon.com/thedeathofjournalismwithjohnziegler. Good luck to you on that, but that's how you can subscribe.

[81:32] **Speaker B:** When you manage procurement for multiple facilities, every order matters. But when it's for a hospital system, system, they matter even more. Grainger gets it and knows there's no time for managing multiple suppliers and no room for shipping delays. That's why Grainger offers millions of products and fast, dependable delivery so you can keep your facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[82:02] **Speaker A:** This is the story of the one. As a maintenance tech at a university, he knows ordering from multiple suppliers takes time away from keeping their arena up and running. That's why he counts on Grainger to get everything he needs, from lighting and HVAC parts to plumbing supplies, all in one place. And with fast, dependable delivery, he's stocked and ready for the next tip-off. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.
