# IS A.I. THE NEW COVID?

**Show:** Evil Thoughts
**Date Published:** 2026-05-20
**Date Found:** 2026-05-20
**URL:** https://joecrummey.libsyn.com/is-ai-the-new-covid?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 18 minutes

## Summary

This 18-minute episode of Evil Thoughts mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Evil Thoughts

## Key Moment

> "And I'm not going to make any announcements tonight. I'm going to go back, have me a medical margarita. I'll hang out and party with you all. Yeah, baby, I'm going to have a medical margarita. I love that. That would be Thomas Massie conceding last night in a primary challenge. He lost to a former, I think, Navy SEAL. The political class is yakking about that today. We'll talk a little bit about that. Joe Crummy, Los Angeles. I smell the smoke, baby, from the Sandy Fire. This would be Wednesday in Los Angeles. Los Angeles, uh, the 20th of May, 2026. We were on a jazz gig last night. We got out of the gig, we had smelled smoke up in the Hollywood Hills. We were right under the Hollywood sign. I'm thinking, uh-oh, what's burning? I said to the guy whose house we were at, I said, I hope it's not too close. And we're getting in the car, my girlfriend is going, I hope we get down the hill. We did, and we get back into Hollywood and we opened the car door and the first thing we did was smell the same smoke. And that's because out in the Simi Valley, so, you know, we got on the old, uh, Telefono I go, why all the smoke in Hollywood? It's coming from the Sandy Fire out in Simi Valley, and the smoke is being blown into Hollywood. Is that fire contained yet? As of last night, it wasn't. And then of course Spencer Pratt is talking about it, but I'm way off on a tangent here. First things first, hey, we do this podcast 5 days a week, excuse me, and we never waste your time with commercials. We are in the relentless pursuit of what the rarest of all commodities is in this world of politics and bullshit. It's the truth. So support us if you like what you hear. All right. The crowd loves Thomas Massie. You know, I don't drink recreationally. I have medical margaritas. I even have a medical margarita card. But what happened? What happened today? What happened tonight was God's will. All right. So God got involved in the congressional primary last night in the state of Kentucky. Ed Galrain, is that how you pronounce his name? Name, was backed by evil Trump, and he beat Massey. Massey's talking about running again, maybe for president in 2028. I've spent a lot of time on this guy, and I know the chattering class wants to scream and yell about it today. I'll just say this, that Massey I kind of liked, especially during COVID And I want to bring up COVID today too, um, and I know we're sick of it, but I'm going to bring it up. Uh, Massey was like a super libertarian during COVID and I thought, you know, that's great. And then when that was over, he kind of got in bed with Kevin McCarthy, who I thought was ineffective as speaker. And then he went all weird on the Epstein files. I think that's where the split came with Trump and maybe me too. Can we just talk about Epstein for a second? You know, all the stuff we've already talked about, but I think this was the undoing, I think, of Massey, especially with Trump, was the Epstein thing. Before I even get to that, he said one other thing in his concession speech last night, that he wanted to congratulate his Ed Galarrain or whatever his name is, but he was in Tel Aviv. So he's doing this sort of this Jew thing that all the money to support his opponent came from Israel. And what's-his-face, Scott Jennings on CNN, was making that point to an outraged what's-her-face, Anna what's-her-name-again. I try to avoid her all the time. She's also on The View too. And it's not Anna Cordoba, it's Anna whatever, whatever her name is. She's like a, like a tiny little, you know, lapdog that's yapping rapping all the time. You should have seen the look on her face, just this, this horrible, nasty— Anna Cabrera, is that what her name is? I don't even care anymore, you know. I don't want to hear from you anyway. So he was kind of doing that, a Jew thing, and, uh, you know, that doesn't sit well with a lot of people, and, you know, whatever. But on the Epstein thing, let me just bring it up one more time. I mean, what, uh, Massie got into— he was really into it, along with, uh, what's-her-face, uh, Mrs. Space Lasers. We were talking about her yesterday too, Marjorie Taylor Greene, that they're protecting all of these johns, right? That Epstein had this whole sex ring going for all these years, and there— and I've said it to you too, you know, where are all the johns? You know, Epstein goes away for all this, uh, you know, the sex stuff. Okay, fine. So does his, uh, you know, what, his right-hand lady, whatever, Ghislaine Maxwell, you know, whatever. And there are what, no johns? I mean, that's stupid. But there's another— I see, I'm beginning to wonder whether the people— whether Trump is actually— has, uh, he right about this, that the whole thing is overblown from what it really— what it was. Because where are— how about this, okay, you're right, you know, that we're right to say, where are all the guys? Did Bill Gates do something? You know, who did what to whom? Where are all the evil guys, you know? And how many of them were there? We heard almost nothing. All we heard was, um, Alan Dershowitz at point, and he sued and said that's bullshit. Even, uh, Virginia Giuffre, the one that wrote the book and died under weird circumstances, whatever, said Trump never did anything. And yet it didn't stop the left from, you know, using that, that Trump is a pedophile. I see that written everywhere. It's, it's bullshit. I don't see social media anymore, you know, caring about that. During COVID if you said anything they didn't like You know, you're banned for life. But you can say that Trump is a pedophile now, that seems to be okay. But I mean, the other part of the equation that bothers me, and maybe this is one of Massey's problems, why he went down last night, is where are all the women that actually, you know, effed these people or whatever it is? They're not coming forward with all the money that's out there, you know, that would be behind them to come forward and speak? All these people who would be old enough now to kind of know which way the wind is blowing if they were doing all that effing back 20 years ago, whenever it was, when they they were too young and too stupid to know what was going on, if you want to believe that too. All these women that were supposedly doing it were strictly just victims and they didn't really want to do it, but somehow they were there because they were being intimidated by all these rich guys. Okay, well, that was 20 years ago. Some of those guys are probably dead. Okay, fine. And nobody comes forward. You have all these ladies, they all come forward, they all sound like they're kind of nuts, and they all say they're gonna talk. Oh, we're gonna talk, we're girlfriends, we're gonna talk. Well, where is it? So I don't know about you, but I have a limited amount of time and energy I want to keep pumping into the Epstein files because nobody seems to really have anything to say ultimately. I mean, specifically, it's kind of like the, you know, the UFOs or the UAPs, the unidentified aerial phenomenon. Nobody really, really has ET, you know, like, here he is, this is Bob, he's from a different, you know, galaxy, okay? Hi Bob, how are you? Well, I'm fine, you know, whatever. We never get any of that. We get these amorphous blobs. Whatever. Did we mention this yesterday, Tim, that Jesse Watters on Fox, who I like, I think he's pretty good, did a whole segment on, uh, you know, Trump and, uh, he's releasing all these, uh, files about UFOs and space aliens and all this bullshit. I didn't get into the details yesterday. Let me do it now. We have other news we need to get to. But, you know, where are the details? It's like Epstein. It's like, well, where, you know, they got these women, you know, what do they have to lose now? You know, I don't know. I mean, again, some of the people they effed are probably dead, you know. Okay, so give me some names, you know. Give me E.T. Where's E.T.? So Jesse Watters did a whole segment, uh, discussing the, you know, the UFO crash recoveries and the non-human intelligence. And he said that the United States government has, I think, 4 different kinds of E.T. people. The Grays— it's so stupid. Uh, they're gray and they're small and hairless. They have big black eyes. Of course, that's the one you see in the movies all the time, you know, E.T. You know the weird thing about E.T. too? In the 1950s, they had E.T. as well, and their spaceships always looked like 1950s hubcaps back in the '50s. Then in the '60s, if there was any renderings of any E.T. stuff, they started looking more like '60s stuff, and the '70s and '80s and '90s. So E.T. is following our our style on planet Earth. I like that. So they're the Greys, they're the Nordics, tall human-looking entities resembling people from northern Europe. Ha ha ha ha! Like, you know, E.T. Nazis. Then there's the Reptilians, scaly lizard-like creatures that walk upright, often with tails. And then the ones I really like are the Insectoids and the Mantids, bug-like humanoids that resemble praying mantis. I like mantis better. You know, they resemble praying mantis. And to me, this is very bred and circusy, just to keep you entertained with bullshit. The real intelligence you ought to be worried about is AI. And that worries me too. Let's talk about artificial intelligence for a couple of minutes because I, you know, I did mention COVID a few minutes ago and I said I'm going to mention it again. Well, here it is. Today's big evil thoughts idea. Are you ready? Here it is. Remember during COVID they told you that it was going to kill you? Remember the first couple weeks too, they said the bodies were going to be piled up everywhere and you should stay in your house and hide? And that ended up being like 2 years with that bullshit. And why was it happening? Well, and who was running the show? It was really largely Democrats. They got the country control away from Trump. They scared the shit out of everybody. They went into the Oval Office and they told Trump everybody was going to die, so Jesus Jesus Christ, everybody has to stay home and cut the shit. And everybody did it for the first 2 weeks. Remember the 2 weeks to flatten the curve? And it went on for over 2 years. And all the businesses that were destroyed. And all the people that died, they claimed that because of COVID That was all a lie. People died, of course, because people always die. A lot of people die every day in the United States. Do you realize in the state of California we lose 7,000 to 8,000 people every day? In the state of California? Just people dying. And since we are about 10% of the entire country. Multiply it with 7 times 10, and that would be about 75,000 people die every day in the United States. And what they did, and they lied, and no one's been held accountable to this. By the way, I'm getting to the point here about AI, but I'm just talking about COVID and all the bullshit that went down. And they, you know, that we seem to swallow that shit sandwich pretty good. You know, whatever, here's a big shit burger, you know, have at it. And so you're gonna die and all that. And they had all these numbers of all these thousands of millions of people that died of COVID It's not because they died because of COVID they died because because they died and they happened to have had COVID, and they gave COVID the credit. And no one's ever really come out and said, hey, that's kind of misleading, isn't it? You know, if you're, if you're trying to scare everybody and you, you, you use those numbers that way. And no one's really been held accountable. You know, Fauci's a big star. He, he's in great shape. He's somewhere in his mid-80s now. He's in great shape. But, you know, he sat on top of all that money on the National Institute of Health the biggest pile of cash on the planet. And he found, you know, he filed it out through a third party into the Wuhan Institute, uh, Wuhan Institute, where they fucked it up. And that's— I think that's what happened. And Fauci turned around, I didn't know, I had no idea we were doing gain-of-function research in Wuhan. I didn't, you know, I didn't know. I just wrote him a big check to EcoHealth Alliance, and then after that, I don't know where it goes. Yeah, it was Fauci. I don't even care about prosecuting him. I don't even care. But no one has been really honest about it. I remember all the signs on the floors. I know I'm going forever on this, but you know, the stand here in the elevator, you stand over in that corner, and you stand, you stand over there. And there were signs on the floor where to stand, what to do. Again, if you say anything that they don't like on social media, you know, F off, you're done, that's over, because we're here to help you. We're from the government. We're going to save you. And guess what I think? They're going to do the same thing with AI. You be careful because they're going to say it's a crisis. And we, and Bernie Sanders is already, the politicians smell it. They smell opportunity. Ooh, AI, a lot of people are going to be losing their jobs. Well, here's a job for Bernie Sanders now. I am from the government, I'm going to help you. Mom Donny in New York used that phrase a couple days ago. Too. You know, ha, Ronald Reagan said he's from the government and he's here to help you, and he said that was bad, but oh, that's bullshit. It's 30 years later, it's a new day, and I'm from the government and I'm here to help you, and isn't that great? This is the guy that bullshits you on balancing the budget in New York City. That's what worries me about AI. It's going to be the new COVID. It will be embraced by politicians on both sides of the aisle as they are here to help you, and they will use it to control you, screw you, build government, build their power, and restrict you Period. And they're doing it for your own good. I'm telling you right now, cuidado. Colin Truex. Do you see yourself in him at all? A former reality TV star?"
> — Speaker A at 00:02
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:02] Speaker A: "And I'm not going to make any announcements tonight. I'm going to go back, have me a medical margarita. I'll hang out and party with you all. Yeah, baby, I'm going to have a medical margarita. I love that. That would be Thomas Massie conceding last night in a primary challenge. He lost to a former, I think, Navy SEAL. The political class is yakking about that today. We'll talk a little bit about that. Joe Crummy, Los Angeles. I smell the smoke, baby, from the Sandy Fire. This would be Wednesday in Los Angeles. Los Angeles, uh, the 20th of May, 2026. We were on a jazz gig last night. We got out of the gig, we had smelled smoke up in the Hollywood Hills. We were right under the Hollywood sign. I'm thinking, uh-oh, what's burning? I said to the guy whose house we were at, I said, I hope it's not too close. And we're getting in the car, my girlfriend is going, I hope we get down the hill. We did, and we get back into Hollywood and we opened the car door and the first thing we did was smell the same smoke. And that's because out in the Simi Valley, so, you know, we got on the old, uh, Telefono I go, why all the smoke in Hollywood? It's coming from the Sandy Fire out in Simi Valley, and the smoke is being blown into Hollywood. Is that fire contained yet? As of last night, it wasn't. And then of course Spencer Pratt is talking about it, but I'm way off on a tangent here. First things first, hey, we do this podcast 5 days a week, excuse me, and we never waste your time with commercials. We are in the relentless pursuit of what the rarest of all commodities is in this world of politics and bullshit. It's the truth. So support us if you like what you hear. All right. The crowd loves Thomas Massie. You know, I don't drink recreationally. I have medical margaritas. I even have a medical margarita card. But what happened? What happened today? What happened tonight was God's will. All right. So God got involved in the congressional primary last night in the state of Kentucky. Ed Galrain, is that how you pronounce his name? Name, was backed by evil Trump, and he beat Massey. Massey's talking about running again, maybe for president in 2028. I've spent a lot of time on this guy, and I know the chattering class wants to scream and yell about it today. I'll just say this, that Massey I kind of liked, especially during COVID And I want to bring up COVID today too, um, and I know we're sick of it, but I'm going to bring it up. Uh, Massey was like a super libertarian during COVID and I thought, you know, that's great. And then when that was over, he kind of got in bed with Kevin McCarthy, who I thought was ineffective as speaker. And then he went all weird on the Epstein files. I think that's where the split came with Trump and maybe me too. Can we just talk about Epstein for a second? You know, all the stuff we've already talked about, but I think this was the undoing, I think, of Massey, especially with Trump, was the Epstein thing. Before I even get to that, he said one other thing in his concession speech last night, that he wanted to congratulate his Ed Galarrain or whatever his name is, but he was in Tel Aviv. So he's doing this sort of this Jew thing that all the money to support his opponent came from Israel. And what's-his-face, Scott Jennings on CNN, was making that point to an outraged what's-her-face, Anna what's-her-name-again. I try to avoid her all the time. She's also on The View too. And it's not Anna Cordoba, it's Anna whatever, whatever her name is. She's like a, like a tiny little, you know, lapdog that's yapping rapping all the time. You should have seen the look on her face, just this, this horrible, nasty— Anna Cabrera, is that what her name is? I don't even care anymore, you know. I don't want to hear from you anyway. So he was kind of doing that, a Jew thing, and, uh, you know, that doesn't sit well with a lot of people, and, you know, whatever. But on the Epstein thing, let me just bring it up one more time. I mean, what, uh, Massie got into— he was really into it, along with, uh, what's-her-face, uh, Mrs. Space Lasers. We were talking about her yesterday too, Marjorie Taylor Greene, that they're protecting all of these johns, right? That Epstein had this whole sex ring going for all these years, and there— and I've said it to you too, you know, where are all the johns? You know, Epstein goes away for all this, uh, you know, the sex stuff. Okay, fine. So does his, uh, you know, what, his right-hand lady, whatever, Ghislaine Maxwell, you know, whatever. And there are what, no johns? I mean, that's stupid. But there's another— I see, I'm beginning to wonder whether the people— whether Trump is actually— has, uh, he right about this, that the whole thing is overblown from what it really— what it was. Because where are— how about this, okay, you're right, you know, that we're right to say, where are all the guys? Did Bill Gates do something? You know, who did what to whom? Where are all the evil guys, you know? And how many of them were there? We heard almost nothing. All we heard was, um, Alan Dershowitz at point, and he sued and said that's bullshit. Even, uh, Virginia Giuffre, the one that wrote the book and died under weird circumstances, whatever, said Trump never did anything. And yet it didn't stop the left from, you know, using that, that Trump is a pedophile. I see that written everywhere. It's, it's bullshit. I don't see social media anymore, you know, caring about that. During COVID if you said anything they didn't like You know, you're banned for life. But you can say that Trump is a pedophile now, that seems to be okay. But I mean, the other part of the equation that bothers me, and maybe this is one of Massey's problems, why he went down last night, is where are all the women that actually, you know, effed these people or whatever it is? They're not coming forward with all the money that's out there, you know, that would be behind them to come forward and speak? All these people who would be old enough now to kind of know which way the wind is blowing if they were doing all that effing back 20 years ago, whenever it was, when they they were too young and too stupid to know what was going on, if you want to believe that too. All these women that were supposedly doing it were strictly just victims and they didn't really want to do it, but somehow they were there because they were being intimidated by all these rich guys. Okay, well, that was 20 years ago. Some of those guys are probably dead. Okay, fine. And nobody comes forward. You have all these ladies, they all come forward, they all sound like they're kind of nuts, and they all say they're gonna talk. Oh, we're gonna talk, we're girlfriends, we're gonna talk. Well, where is it? So I don't know about you, but I have a limited amount of time and energy I want to keep pumping into the Epstein files because nobody seems to really have anything to say ultimately. I mean, specifically, it's kind of like the, you know, the UFOs or the UAPs, the unidentified aerial phenomenon. Nobody really, really has ET, you know, like, here he is, this is Bob, he's from a different, you know, galaxy, okay? Hi Bob, how are you? Well, I'm fine, you know, whatever. We never get any of that. We get these amorphous blobs. Whatever. Did we mention this yesterday, Tim, that Jesse Watters on Fox, who I like, I think he's pretty good, did a whole segment on, uh, you know, Trump and, uh, he's releasing all these, uh, files about UFOs and space aliens and all this bullshit. I didn't get into the details yesterday. Let me do it now. We have other news we need to get to. But, you know, where are the details? It's like Epstein. It's like, well, where, you know, they got these women, you know, what do they have to lose now? You know, I don't know. I mean, again, some of the people they effed are probably dead, you know. Okay, so give me some names, you know. Give me E.T. Where's E.T.? So Jesse Watters did a whole segment, uh, discussing the, you know, the UFO crash recoveries and the non-human intelligence. And he said that the United States government has, I think, 4 different kinds of E.T. people. The Grays— it's so stupid. Uh, they're gray and they're small and hairless. They have big black eyes. Of course, that's the one you see in the movies all the time, you know, E.T. You know the weird thing about E.T. too? In the 1950s, they had E.T. as well, and their spaceships always looked like 1950s hubcaps back in the '50s. Then in the '60s, if there was any renderings of any E.T. stuff, they started looking more like '60s stuff, and the '70s and '80s and '90s. So E.T. is following our our style on planet Earth. I like that. So they're the Greys, they're the Nordics, tall human-looking entities resembling people from northern Europe. Ha ha ha ha! Like, you know, E.T. Nazis. Then there's the Reptilians, scaly lizard-like creatures that walk upright, often with tails. And then the ones I really like are the Insectoids and the Mantids, bug-like humanoids that resemble praying mantis. I like mantis better. You know, they resemble praying mantis. And to me, this is very bred and circusy, just to keep you entertained with bullshit. The real intelligence you ought to be worried about is AI. And that worries me too. Let's talk about artificial intelligence for a couple of minutes because I, you know, I did mention COVID a few minutes ago and I said I'm going to mention it again. Well, here it is. Today's big evil thoughts idea. Are you ready? Here it is. Remember during COVID they told you that it was going to kill you? Remember the first couple weeks too, they said the bodies were going to be piled up everywhere and you should stay in your house and hide? And that ended up being like 2 years with that bullshit. And why was it happening? Well, and who was running the show? It was really largely Democrats. They got the country control away from Trump. They scared the shit out of everybody. They went into the Oval Office and they told Trump everybody was going to die, so Jesus Jesus Christ, everybody has to stay home and cut the shit. And everybody did it for the first 2 weeks. Remember the 2 weeks to flatten the curve? And it went on for over 2 years. And all the businesses that were destroyed. And all the people that died, they claimed that because of COVID That was all a lie. People died, of course, because people always die. A lot of people die every day in the United States. Do you realize in the state of California we lose 7,000 to 8,000 people every day? In the state of California? Just people dying. And since we are about 10% of the entire country. Multiply it with 7 times 10, and that would be about 75,000 people die every day in the United States. And what they did, and they lied, and no one's been held accountable to this. By the way, I'm getting to the point here about AI, but I'm just talking about COVID and all the bullshit that went down. And they, you know, that we seem to swallow that shit sandwich pretty good. You know, whatever, here's a big shit burger, you know, have at it. And so you're gonna die and all that. And they had all these numbers of all these thousands of millions of people that died of COVID It's not because they died because of COVID they died because because they died and they happened to have had COVID, and they gave COVID the credit. And no one's ever really come out and said, hey, that's kind of misleading, isn't it? You know, if you're, if you're trying to scare everybody and you, you, you use those numbers that way. And no one's really been held accountable. You know, Fauci's a big star. He, he's in great shape. He's somewhere in his mid-80s now. He's in great shape. But, you know, he sat on top of all that money on the National Institute of Health the biggest pile of cash on the planet. And he found, you know, he filed it out through a third party into the Wuhan Institute, uh, Wuhan Institute, where they fucked it up. And that's— I think that's what happened. And Fauci turned around, I didn't know, I had no idea we were doing gain-of-function research in Wuhan. I didn't, you know, I didn't know. I just wrote him a big check to EcoHealth Alliance, and then after that, I don't know where it goes. Yeah, it was Fauci. I don't even care about prosecuting him. I don't even care. But no one has been really honest about it. I remember all the signs on the floors. I know I'm going forever on this, but you know, the stand here in the elevator, you stand over in that corner, and you stand, you stand over there. And there were signs on the floor where to stand, what to do. Again, if you say anything that they don't like on social media, you know, F off, you're done, that's over, because we're here to help you. We're from the government. We're going to save you. And guess what I think? They're going to do the same thing with AI. You be careful because they're going to say it's a crisis. And we, and Bernie Sanders is already, the politicians smell it. They smell opportunity. Ooh, AI, a lot of people are going to be losing their jobs. Well, here's a job for Bernie Sanders now. I am from the government, I'm going to help you. Mom Donny in New York used that phrase a couple days ago. Too. You know, ha, Ronald Reagan said he's from the government and he's here to help you, and he said that was bad, but oh, that's bullshit. It's 30 years later, it's a new day, and I'm from the government and I'm here to help you, and isn't that great? This is the guy that bullshits you on balancing the budget in New York City. That's what worries me about AI. It's going to be the new COVID. It will be embraced by politicians on both sides of the aisle as they are here to help you, and they will use it to control you, screw you, build government, build their power, and restrict you Period. And they're doing it for your own good. I'm telling you right now, cuidado. Colin Truex. Do you see yourself in him at all? A former reality TV star?"
- [13:36] Speaker A: "He's all right. Evil Trump being asked about evil Spencer Pratt at Joint Base Andrews this morning."
- [14:08] Speaker A: "All right, so a couple things here, and there's a really money quote coming up from Trump in just a minute too, and it's all about Trump, and I want to talk about that in just a minute too. But to set the record straight here, Pratt has said, you know, he's not MAGA, he doesn't care at all about politics, he doesn't care about the national bullshit and Thomas Massie, and he doesn't care anything. He talks about city services. That's what he's talking about. He's talking about city services, streetlights, talking about crime. He's talking about the city of Los Angeles and the quality of life therein. And he specifically has said he's not— but as a matter of fact, his opponents probably love this because this is what Nithra Raman and what's-her-face Karen Bass are saying. You know, they're all campaigning against Trump and claiming that Spencer Pratt is Trump What he really isn't, he's Trumpian, so to speak, because he's a bull in a china shop and he wants to change things. He's Trump as far as that is concerned, and that's a big deal, but he's not exactly a MAGA guy. But they say he is because, you know, they don't have anything to run on except the destruction they've caused over the years. They have presided over this decline of Los Angeles, and that's why they try to link, you know, Pratt to Trump. Now here's Trump kind of doing it. I bet you Spencer Pratt is wincing."
- [16:00] Speaker A: "All right, so there you go. Uh, well, you know, my, uh, feeling for Spencer Pratt— in a better universe, he would win on June 2nd outright. Uh, his campaign is incredible, but you know, you're up against the machine. Check this out, Census Bureau statistics. This is great. They just apparently dropped a bomb. The net international migration to America's biggest cities plummeted in 2025 thanks to actual border security. In Denver, net immigration plummeted 72%. El Paso, 95%. Chicago, 62%. New York, 65%. And Los Angeles, 67%. And Trump is right. If we had Jesus Christ come down to count the votes, It's, um, you know, I would have won California. You know, he has to bullshit all the time, and I realize the reason why he does it— he has to, he has no choice. The mainstream media is completely lefty. They, they're working against him every single day. I listened to my lefty pets today on NPR. They were talking about the Voting Rights Act in— where was it— Louisiana. The SCOTUS weighed in on it recently too, and it's really fascinating to me. I didn't follow the story, but I looked it up today, and this is what Trump is up This is what I'm talking about. They were talking about how awful it was the Voting Rights Act had been weakened and the Supreme Court is terrible and evil. So I actually looked it up. And it's presented to you like that was horrible and bad. But if you actually study it, you realize that what Louisiana was trying to do was create a second black majority district based on race alone. And SCOTUS came in and said, "No, you can't do that." That's what that's about. And yet it is presented on NPR as though it's a setback for black people and it's just really horrible and bad. And Katherine Maher, who runs NPR, has the balls to go to the Capitol, whatever it is, and sit there and tell you that they're not biased at all. I actually listen to my lefty pets. I find them very entertaining. And I can tell you now, that is total bullshit. That is why I think Trump sounds the way he does. And that is why we do this podcast 5 days a week, commercial-free. If you like what you hear, Support us. I'm your host, Joe Crummey, in Los Angeles, and those are my evil thoughts."

## Full Transcript

[00:02] **Speaker A:** And I'm not going to make any announcements tonight. I'm going to go back, have me a medical margarita. I'll hang out and party with you all. Yeah, baby, I'm going to have a medical margarita. I love that. That would be Thomas Massie conceding last night in a primary challenge. He lost to a former, I think, Navy SEAL. The political class is yakking about that today. We'll talk a little bit about that. Joe Crummy, Los Angeles. I smell the smoke, baby, from the Sandy Fire. This would be Wednesday in Los Angeles. Los Angeles, uh, the 20th of May, 2026. We were on a jazz gig last night. We got out of the gig, we had smelled smoke up in the Hollywood Hills. We were right under the Hollywood sign. I'm thinking, uh-oh, what's burning? I said to the guy whose house we were at, I said, I hope it's not too close. And we're getting in the car, my girlfriend is going, I hope we get down the hill. We did, and we get back into Hollywood and we opened the car door and the first thing we did was smell the same smoke. And that's because out in the Simi Valley, so, you know, we got on the old, uh, Telefono I go, why all the smoke in Hollywood? It's coming from the Sandy Fire out in Simi Valley, and the smoke is being blown into Hollywood. Is that fire contained yet? As of last night, it wasn't. And then of course Spencer Pratt is talking about it, but I'm way off on a tangent here. First things first, hey, we do this podcast 5 days a week, excuse me, and we never waste your time with commercials. We are in the relentless pursuit of what the rarest of all commodities is in this world of politics and bullshit. It's the truth. So support us if you like what you hear. All right. The crowd loves Thomas Massie. You know, I don't drink recreationally. I have medical margaritas. I even have a medical margarita card. But what happened? What happened today? What happened tonight was God's will. All right. So God got involved in the congressional primary last night in the state of Kentucky. Ed Galrain, is that how you pronounce his name? Name, was backed by evil Trump, and he beat Massey. Massey's talking about running again, maybe for president in 2028. I've spent a lot of time on this guy, and I know the chattering class wants to scream and yell about it today. I'll just say this, that Massey I kind of liked, especially during COVID And I want to bring up COVID today too, um, and I know we're sick of it, but I'm going to bring it up. Uh, Massey was like a super libertarian during COVID and I thought, you know, that's great. And then when that was over, he kind of got in bed with Kevin McCarthy, who I thought was ineffective as speaker. And then he went all weird on the Epstein files. I think that's where the split came with Trump and maybe me too. Can we just talk about Epstein for a second? You know, all the stuff we've already talked about, but I think this was the undoing, I think, of Massey, especially with Trump, was the Epstein thing. Before I even get to that, he said one other thing in his concession speech last night, that he wanted to congratulate his Ed Galarrain or whatever his name is, but he was in Tel Aviv. So he's doing this sort of this Jew thing that all the money to support his opponent came from Israel. And what's-his-face, Scott Jennings on CNN, was making that point to an outraged what's-her-face, Anna what's-her-name-again. I try to avoid her all the time. She's also on The View too. And it's not Anna Cordoba, it's Anna whatever, whatever her name is. She's like a, like a tiny little, you know, lapdog that's yapping rapping all the time. You should have seen the look on her face, just this, this horrible, nasty— Anna Cabrera, is that what her name is? I don't even care anymore, you know. I don't want to hear from you anyway. So he was kind of doing that, a Jew thing, and, uh, you know, that doesn't sit well with a lot of people, and, you know, whatever. But on the Epstein thing, let me just bring it up one more time. I mean, what, uh, Massie got into— he was really into it, along with, uh, what's-her-face, uh, Mrs. Space Lasers. We were talking about her yesterday too, Marjorie Taylor Greene, that they're protecting all of these johns, right? That Epstein had this whole sex ring going for all these years, and there— and I've said it to you too, you know, where are all the johns? You know, Epstein goes away for all this, uh, you know, the sex stuff. Okay, fine. So does his, uh, you know, what, his right-hand lady, whatever, Ghislaine Maxwell, you know, whatever. And there are what, no johns? I mean, that's stupid. But there's another— I see, I'm beginning to wonder whether the people— whether Trump is actually— has, uh, he right about this, that the whole thing is overblown from what it really— what it was. Because where are— how about this, okay, you're right, you know, that we're right to say, where are all the guys? Did Bill Gates do something? You know, who did what to whom? Where are all the evil guys, you know? And how many of them were there? We heard almost nothing. All we heard was, um, Alan Dershowitz at point, and he sued and said that's bullshit. Even, uh, Virginia Giuffre, the one that wrote the book and died under weird circumstances, whatever, said Trump never did anything. And yet it didn't stop the left from, you know, using that, that Trump is a pedophile. I see that written everywhere. It's, it's bullshit. I don't see social media anymore, you know, caring about that. During COVID if you said anything they didn't like You know, you're banned for life. But you can say that Trump is a pedophile now, that seems to be okay. But I mean, the other part of the equation that bothers me, and maybe this is one of Massey's problems, why he went down last night, is where are all the women that actually, you know, effed these people or whatever it is? They're not coming forward with all the money that's out there, you know, that would be behind them to come forward and speak? All these people who would be old enough now to kind of know which way the wind is blowing if they were doing all that effing back 20 years ago, whenever it was, when they they were too young and too stupid to know what was going on, if you want to believe that too. All these women that were supposedly doing it were strictly just victims and they didn't really want to do it, but somehow they were there because they were being intimidated by all these rich guys. Okay, well, that was 20 years ago. Some of those guys are probably dead. Okay, fine. And nobody comes forward. You have all these ladies, they all come forward, they all sound like they're kind of nuts, and they all say they're gonna talk. Oh, we're gonna talk, we're girlfriends, we're gonna talk. Well, where is it? So I don't know about you, but I have a limited amount of time and energy I want to keep pumping into the Epstein files because nobody seems to really have anything to say ultimately. I mean, specifically, it's kind of like the, you know, the UFOs or the UAPs, the unidentified aerial phenomenon. Nobody really, really has ET, you know, like, here he is, this is Bob, he's from a different, you know, galaxy, okay? Hi Bob, how are you? Well, I'm fine, you know, whatever. We never get any of that. We get these amorphous blobs. Whatever. Did we mention this yesterday, Tim, that Jesse Watters on Fox, who I like, I think he's pretty good, did a whole segment on, uh, you know, Trump and, uh, he's releasing all these, uh, files about UFOs and space aliens and all this bullshit. I didn't get into the details yesterday. Let me do it now. We have other news we need to get to. But, you know, where are the details? It's like Epstein. It's like, well, where, you know, they got these women, you know, what do they have to lose now? You know, I don't know. I mean, again, some of the people they effed are probably dead, you know. Okay, so give me some names, you know. Give me E.T. Where's E.T.? So Jesse Watters did a whole segment, uh, discussing the, you know, the UFO crash recoveries and the non-human intelligence. And he said that the United States government has, I think, 4 different kinds of E.T. people. The Grays— it's so stupid. Uh, they're gray and they're small and hairless. They have big black eyes. Of course, that's the one you see in the movies all the time, you know, E.T. You know the weird thing about E.T. too? In the 1950s, they had E.T. as well, and their spaceships always looked like 1950s hubcaps back in the '50s. Then in the '60s, if there was any renderings of any E.T. stuff, they started looking more like '60s stuff, and the '70s and '80s and '90s. So E.T. is following our our style on planet Earth. I like that. So they're the Greys, they're the Nordics, tall human-looking entities resembling people from northern Europe. Ha ha ha ha! Like, you know, E.T. Nazis. Then there's the Reptilians, scaly lizard-like creatures that walk upright, often with tails. And then the ones I really like are the Insectoids and the Mantids, bug-like humanoids that resemble praying mantis. I like mantis better. You know, they resemble praying mantis. And to me, this is very bred and circusy, just to keep you entertained with bullshit. The real intelligence you ought to be worried about is AI. And that worries me too. Let's talk about artificial intelligence for a couple of minutes because I, you know, I did mention COVID a few minutes ago and I said I'm going to mention it again. Well, here it is. Today's big evil thoughts idea. Are you ready? Here it is. Remember during COVID they told you that it was going to kill you? Remember the first couple weeks too, they said the bodies were going to be piled up everywhere and you should stay in your house and hide? And that ended up being like 2 years with that bullshit. And why was it happening? Well, and who was running the show? It was really largely Democrats. They got the country control away from Trump. They scared the shit out of everybody. They went into the Oval Office and they told Trump everybody was going to die, so Jesus Jesus Christ, everybody has to stay home and cut the shit. And everybody did it for the first 2 weeks. Remember the 2 weeks to flatten the curve? And it went on for over 2 years. And all the businesses that were destroyed. And all the people that died, they claimed that because of COVID That was all a lie. People died, of course, because people always die. A lot of people die every day in the United States. Do you realize in the state of California we lose 7,000 to 8,000 people every day? In the state of California? Just people dying. And since we are about 10% of the entire country. Multiply it with 7 times 10, and that would be about 75,000 people die every day in the United States. And what they did, and they lied, and no one's been held accountable to this. By the way, I'm getting to the point here about AI, but I'm just talking about COVID and all the bullshit that went down. And they, you know, that we seem to swallow that shit sandwich pretty good. You know, whatever, here's a big shit burger, you know, have at it. And so you're gonna die and all that. And they had all these numbers of all these thousands of millions of people that died of COVID It's not because they died because of COVID they died because because they died and they happened to have had COVID, and they gave COVID the credit. And no one's ever really come out and said, hey, that's kind of misleading, isn't it? You know, if you're, if you're trying to scare everybody and you, you, you use those numbers that way. And no one's really been held accountable. You know, Fauci's a big star. He, he's in great shape. He's somewhere in his mid-80s now. He's in great shape. But, you know, he sat on top of all that money on the National Institute of Health the biggest pile of cash on the planet. And he found, you know, he filed it out through a third party into the Wuhan Institute, uh, Wuhan Institute, where they fucked it up. And that's— I think that's what happened. And Fauci turned around, I didn't know, I had no idea we were doing gain-of-function research in Wuhan. I didn't, you know, I didn't know. I just wrote him a big check to EcoHealth Alliance, and then after that, I don't know where it goes. Yeah, it was Fauci. I don't even care about prosecuting him. I don't even care. But no one has been really honest about it. I remember all the signs on the floors. I know I'm going forever on this, but you know, the stand here in the elevator, you stand over in that corner, and you stand, you stand over there. And there were signs on the floor where to stand, what to do. Again, if you say anything that they don't like on social media, you know, F off, you're done, that's over, because we're here to help you. We're from the government. We're going to save you. And guess what I think? They're going to do the same thing with AI. You be careful because they're going to say it's a crisis. And we, and Bernie Sanders is already, the politicians smell it. They smell opportunity. Ooh, AI, a lot of people are going to be losing their jobs. Well, here's a job for Bernie Sanders now. I am from the government, I'm going to help you. Mom Donny in New York used that phrase a couple days ago. Too. You know, ha, Ronald Reagan said he's from the government and he's here to help you, and he said that was bad, but oh, that's bullshit. It's 30 years later, it's a new day, and I'm from the government and I'm here to help you, and isn't that great? This is the guy that bullshits you on balancing the budget in New York City. That's what worries me about AI. It's going to be the new COVID. It will be embraced by politicians on both sides of the aisle as they are here to help you, and they will use it to control you, screw you, build government, build their power, and restrict you Period. And they're doing it for your own good. I'm telling you right now, cuidado. Colin Truex. Do you see yourself in him at all? A former reality TV star?

[13:35] **Speaker B:** I'd like to see him do well.

[13:36] **Speaker A:** He's all right. Evil Trump being asked about evil Spencer Pratt at Joint Base Andrews this morning.

[13:44] **Speaker B:** A character? I don't know. I don't know him. I assume he probably supports me. Does he support me?

[13:49] **Speaker A:** I think so.

[13:50] **Speaker B:** I think so. Yeah, I heard he does. I heard he's a big MAGA person. He's doing well.

[13:55] **Speaker A:** I don't know if you have a rigged vote out out there.

[13:57] **Speaker B:** That's the problem. The votes are rigged. You have a really rigged vote in California. You have all the mail-in ballots, everything else. Very hard to win because the elections are very dishonest.

[14:08] **Speaker A:** All right, so a couple things here, and there's a really money quote coming up from Trump in just a minute too, and it's all about Trump, and I want to talk about that in just a minute too. But to set the record straight here, Pratt has said, you know, he's not MAGA, he doesn't care at all about politics, he doesn't care about the national bullshit and Thomas Massie, and he doesn't care anything. He talks about city services. That's what he's talking about. He's talking about city services, streetlights, talking about crime. He's talking about the city of Los Angeles and the quality of life therein. And he specifically has said he's not— but as a matter of fact, his opponents probably love this because this is what Nithra Raman and what's-her-face Karen Bass are saying. You know, they're all campaigning against Trump and claiming that Spencer Pratt is Trump What he really isn't, he's Trumpian, so to speak, because he's a bull in a china shop and he wants to change things. He's Trump as far as that is concerned, and that's a big deal, but he's not exactly a MAGA guy. But they say he is because, you know, they don't have anything to run on except the destruction they've caused over the years. They have presided over this decline of Los Angeles, and that's why they try to link, you know, Pratt to Trump. Now here's Trump kind of doing it. I bet you Spencer Pratt is wincing.

[15:26] **Speaker B:** If we had Jesus Christ come down and count the votes, I would have won California.

[15:31] **Speaker A:** There's the money quote.

[15:31] **Speaker B:** Because I do great with Hispanics. There you go. But it's a rigged vote. They send out 38 million votes. Nobody knows where they're going. Of course, the Democrats are against it. Disproportionately, Democrats get many more votes. Some get 8 votes. They get 8 cards, and Republicans have to call in wheres by card. It's a rigged system. One of the most, not the worst. I'll give you a list. Maybe I'll do it my list, but it's— California is one of the most dishonest states for voting.

[16:00] **Speaker A:** All right, so there you go. Uh, well, you know, my, uh, feeling for Spencer Pratt— in a better universe, he would win on June 2nd outright. Uh, his campaign is incredible, but you know, you're up against the machine. Check this out, Census Bureau statistics. This is great. They just apparently dropped a bomb. The net international migration to America's biggest cities plummeted in 2025 thanks to actual border security. In Denver, net immigration plummeted 72%. El Paso, 95%. Chicago, 62%. New York, 65%. And Los Angeles, 67%. And Trump is right. If we had Jesus Christ come down to count the votes, It's, um, you know, I would have won California. You know, he has to bullshit all the time, and I realize the reason why he does it— he has to, he has no choice. The mainstream media is completely lefty. They, they're working against him every single day. I listened to my lefty pets today on NPR. They were talking about the Voting Rights Act in— where was it— Louisiana. The SCOTUS weighed in on it recently too, and it's really fascinating to me. I didn't follow the story, but I looked it up today, and this is what Trump is up This is what I'm talking about. They were talking about how awful it was the Voting Rights Act had been weakened and the Supreme Court is terrible and evil. So I actually looked it up. And it's presented to you like that was horrible and bad. But if you actually study it, you realize that what Louisiana was trying to do was create a second black majority district based on race alone. And SCOTUS came in and said, "No, you can't do that." That's what that's about. And yet it is presented on NPR as though it's a setback for black people and it's just really horrible and bad. And Katherine Maher, who runs NPR, has the balls to go to the Capitol, whatever it is, and sit there and tell you that they're not biased at all. I actually listen to my lefty pets. I find them very entertaining. And I can tell you now, that is total bullshit. That is why I think Trump sounds the way he does. And that is why we do this podcast 5 days a week, commercial-free. If you like what you hear, Support us. I'm your host, Joe Crummey, in Los Angeles, and those are my evil thoughts.
