# Sacramento's Misguided Plan To Sell Cigarettes And Banannas

**Show:** 790 KABC
**Date Published:** 2026-07-23
**Date Found:** 2026-07-23
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/sacramentos-misguided-plan-to-sell-cigarettes-and-banannas?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 45 minutes

## Summary

This 45-minute episode of 790 KABC mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, 790 KABC

## Key Moment

> "It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. All right, Here's one while we're on the health food kick. I'm sure you've seen a lot of products that are advertised these days that are made with avocado oil. In fact, last week I consumed— not in one sitting, it was like 5 or 6 sittings— but an entire bag of those new Trader Joe's sea salt and vinegar potato chips made with avocado oil. And they are delicious. I actually need to find out from— do you know who Samantha the Sommelier is? So this girl on Instagram, Samantha the Sommelier, she does food and wine pairing specifically with stuff you get at Trader Joe's. So for instance, you know, like one of them can be the buffalo chicken dip and what kind of Pinot you're going to pair with that and what kind of chip you're going to have with it. I got to find out what pairing she has. I think it's a Riesling, and then it's usually one of the other Trader Joe's dips with those sea salt and vinegar chips. They are excellent. Well, Trader Joe's says they're made with avocado, and I trust Trader Joe's. I always do. But it turns out, thanks to a UC Davis study, a lot of products that are advertised as made with avocado oil, which is known as one of the healthier oils, Turns out it's not, and it's seed oil. And if you're trying to avoid seed oils like canola or grapeseed, what have you, well, you may be being misled. So I don't know what other further regulation we have to have on this. Interesting, though, the same study found while a lot of products advertised as made with avocado oil weren't made with avocado oil, almost every product that's advertised that's made with olive oil was olive oil. So I like that. Trader Joe's does have some very good olive oil potato chips, so maybe that's the way to go. Hey, if you ever miss an episode of this show, we put everything up not only on audio but also on video. I tape this every single day now because I'm paying for the software, so I might as well do it. And you can check out the News Blitz. On YouTube. I usually post it around, you know, sometime in the evening, but check it out. Go to youtube.com/@randywangradio, and that is also where you can check out the John Phillips Show every single day, live from noon to 3. We got a lot more coming up. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I found interesting in the state of California, so check it out for yourself. It's free to subscribe. All that means is you put in your email address, and when I post it— and because I'm in Toronto this week, I've been getting them up pretty early, like it's 7:00 AM California time because I'm 3 hours later— I'm getting so much done. It's Great. RandyWangRadio.substack.com. There was a town hall in West Hollywood where industry officials tried to discuss new steps, new efforts to stop runaway production in the state of California, specifically in Southern California and Los Angeles. And unfortunately, a lot of these efforts are just way too little way too late. The state of California took so long to even try to be competitive with tax credits. When you're talking about other states like Atlanta, when you're talking about other states like now New Jersey, what have you— I mean, so many states have a film program now. New Mexico has a thriving film program. You know that if you've ever seen Breaking Bad, or there's even that show Dark Winds that shoots in Santa Fe. So there's all kinds of production happening all over the place, and California was not competitive with the taxes. And sure, they'd say, well, yeah, Atlanta operates as a loss leader. And yes, that's true. They, uh, give out so much in tax incentives, but they still make it back because of all of the other down-the-line effects from these productions, the job creation, the people that have to support the jobs, the caterers, what have you, the truckers. There's so many jobs that go into it. It's a wild thing to think about. And it is one of the changing aspects of the economy of the entertainment business is how many people are required to do a television production, a movie production, even a commercial production. It is a lot of people and budgets are only getting smaller. And so a lot of productions have to do more with less. And that is why the tax credits are a big part of this. And California recently shot themselves in the foot by passing a new part of the budget where the tax incentives they do have, which have brought some productions back to the state of California, notably, and it was a weird one, where Apple TV, who I think makes some of the best streaming shows that nobody watches, They announced that the Vince Vaughn show Bad Monkey was going to film their season 2 in LA, which I found to be really strange because the show is— takes place and for the most part, I was under the impression, was shot in the Florida Keys. So I don't know why they wouldn't keep it there, but we'll see. I do really like that show. So we have seen some productions move back. Some productions have been very successful. The Pit shoots in Los Angeles. I think it shoots at WB in Burbank. But we passed a part of the budget that said now companies cannot claim more than $5 million in a year, which means any big productions, well, they're not going to be making enough. But that's only one part of it. You also have the localism is determinative part of it, to sound like Gavin Newsom, when it comes to the production permits, when it comes to all of the insane fees when it comes to having to have city workers paid on your staff to monitor the production. The city of LA is notoriously awful with this. And Karen Bass, who offers incremental change and no real progress, is late to the party on this as well. Remember when she held a press conference talking about a game changer to bring back production? And that we were going to reduce the permit fees to shoot at the Griffith Observatory by 30%. That's not big enough thinking."
> — Speaker B at 19:35
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [19:35] Speaker B: "It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. All right, Here's one while we're on the health food kick. I'm sure you've seen a lot of products that are advertised these days that are made with avocado oil. In fact, last week I consumed— not in one sitting, it was like 5 or 6 sittings— but an entire bag of those new Trader Joe's sea salt and vinegar potato chips made with avocado oil. And they are delicious. I actually need to find out from— do you know who Samantha the Sommelier is? So this girl on Instagram, Samantha the Sommelier, she does food and wine pairing specifically with stuff you get at Trader Joe's. So for instance, you know, like one of them can be the buffalo chicken dip and what kind of Pinot you're going to pair with that and what kind of chip you're going to have with it. I got to find out what pairing she has. I think it's a Riesling, and then it's usually one of the other Trader Joe's dips with those sea salt and vinegar chips. They are excellent. Well, Trader Joe's says they're made with avocado, and I trust Trader Joe's. I always do. But it turns out, thanks to a UC Davis study, a lot of products that are advertised as made with avocado oil, which is known as one of the healthier oils, Turns out it's not, and it's seed oil. And if you're trying to avoid seed oils like canola or grapeseed, what have you, well, you may be being misled. So I don't know what other further regulation we have to have on this. Interesting, though, the same study found while a lot of products advertised as made with avocado oil weren't made with avocado oil, almost every product that's advertised that's made with olive oil was olive oil. So I like that. Trader Joe's does have some very good olive oil potato chips, so maybe that's the way to go. Hey, if you ever miss an episode of this show, we put everything up not only on audio but also on video. I tape this every single day now because I'm paying for the software, so I might as well do it. And you can check out the News Blitz. On YouTube. I usually post it around, you know, sometime in the evening, but check it out. Go to youtube.com/@randywangradio, and that is also where you can check out the John Phillips Show every single day, live from noon to 3. We got a lot more coming up. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I found interesting in the state of California, so check it out for yourself. It's free to subscribe. All that means is you put in your email address, and when I post it— and because I'm in Toronto this week, I've been getting them up pretty early, like it's 7:00 AM California time because I'm 3 hours later— I'm getting so much done. It's Great. RandyWangRadio.substack.com. There was a town hall in West Hollywood where industry officials tried to discuss new steps, new efforts to stop runaway production in the state of California, specifically in Southern California and Los Angeles. And unfortunately, a lot of these efforts are just way too little way too late. The state of California took so long to even try to be competitive with tax credits. When you're talking about other states like Atlanta, when you're talking about other states like now New Jersey, what have you— I mean, so many states have a film program now. New Mexico has a thriving film program. You know that if you've ever seen Breaking Bad, or there's even that show Dark Winds that shoots in Santa Fe. So there's all kinds of production happening all over the place, and California was not competitive with the taxes. And sure, they'd say, well, yeah, Atlanta operates as a loss leader. And yes, that's true. They, uh, give out so much in tax incentives, but they still make it back because of all of the other down-the-line effects from these productions, the job creation, the people that have to support the jobs, the caterers, what have you, the truckers. There's so many jobs that go into it. It's a wild thing to think about. And it is one of the changing aspects of the economy of the entertainment business is how many people are required to do a television production, a movie production, even a commercial production. It is a lot of people and budgets are only getting smaller. And so a lot of productions have to do more with less. And that is why the tax credits are a big part of this. And California recently shot themselves in the foot by passing a new part of the budget where the tax incentives they do have, which have brought some productions back to the state of California, notably, and it was a weird one, where Apple TV, who I think makes some of the best streaming shows that nobody watches, They announced that the Vince Vaughn show Bad Monkey was going to film their season 2 in LA, which I found to be really strange because the show is— takes place and for the most part, I was under the impression, was shot in the Florida Keys. So I don't know why they wouldn't keep it there, but we'll see. I do really like that show. So we have seen some productions move back. Some productions have been very successful. The Pit shoots in Los Angeles. I think it shoots at WB in Burbank. But we passed a part of the budget that said now companies cannot claim more than $5 million in a year, which means any big productions, well, they're not going to be making enough. But that's only one part of it. You also have the localism is determinative part of it, to sound like Gavin Newsom, when it comes to the production permits, when it comes to all of the insane fees when it comes to having to have city workers paid on your staff to monitor the production. The city of LA is notoriously awful with this. And Karen Bass, who offers incremental change and no real progress, is late to the party on this as well. Remember when she held a press conference talking about a game changer to bring back production? And that we were going to reduce the permit fees to shoot at the Griffith Observatory by 30%. That's not big enough thinking."
- [26:49] Speaker B: "again, it is one of the things as I'm looking at this LA mayor's race where we are faced with two bad decisions. Can it really get any worse with Nithya? I don't know. The one thing I will say is Karen Bass comes from a generation, and especially being in Congress where she's not really used to getting anything done, thinks that the tiniest little improvement is a big award, and LA has bigger problems, and I don't think she's prepared for it. Nithya might also be a disaster, but after 4 years of Karen Bass, I don't know if I can really check that box once again. And I'm saying that as a huge critic of Nithya Raman. But I think at this point, having somebody who's in their 40s and is open to thinking differently might be more helpful because when it comes to policy, they're the exact same person. So you've got the tax structure, you've got the permitting. But then there's another aspect of this that doesn't get talked about enough. And it's actually why so much production is now leaving Atlanta and leaving some of these more tax-friendly states for the UK, for Canada. I'm in Toronto right now. You know all those Hallmark movies where someone's having Christmas in New York because they met a prince, what have you? Those are all shot in Toronto. A lot of things are shot in Toronto because, well, Toronto from a close-up shot can look a heck of a lot like New York City. And it's not just a more attractive tax and permitting structure here. And this is the difficult part of the conversation, and I say this as a union guy that is a dues-paying member of SAG-AFTRA. And the unions are usually the ones who are at the press conference with Karen Bass saying, this is it, This is the game changer. This will bring production back when it may be the unions themselves that are a hindrance to production coming back. Because if your budget went from $300,000 an episode to $200,000 an episode, but the minimum pay, minimum healthcare payouts, what have you for the union jobs makes it so you cannot properly staff a production, the only way to go non-union is to flee the country. And that's what's going on right now, where Marvel Studios left Atlanta and now they have created their own giant production studio in the UK. And the unions are just getting in their own way with this one. You know, anecdotally, I think we've all heard stories from, you know, dues-paying members of IATSE that would love to work, especially work in the town where they live. But because of the minimums, they can't do it. They would love to take a pay cut just to be able to work, but they can't. And look, you can definitely make the argument that the studios just are, you know, a lot greedier than they used to be. Look at all the mega mergers, what have you. But it's the dollars and cents of the entertainment business. And with the salary minimums that the unions are putting out, there's just— there isn't enough money at the end of the rainbow to make those happen. The entire business model has changed where now television productions, or majority of them, they go to the streaming services. And outside, for a few that go super viral, you're not really sure what added value they bring You know, they're not really bringing in advertising revenue the way that television shows and the system was rated. And the entire entertainment industry is losing so much market share to YouTube and podcasts. Forget the Netflix aspect of it because Netflix is also a part of this game. But the biggest streamer is not Netflix, it's YouTube. And a lot of it is user-generated content. Most of it is user-generated content. A lot of people are watching podcasts. This is a podcast, right?"

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great.

[00:09] **Speaker B:** There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven.

[00:13] **Speaker A:** They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies.

[00:32] **Speaker C:** It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast.

[00:35] **Speaker A:** The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy.

[00:43] **Speaker C:** It's great.

[00:44] **Speaker A:** I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website.

[00:48] **Speaker B:** Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you.

[00:55] **Speaker A:** Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[01:03] **Speaker D:** While the city council might only give you 60 seconds to air your grievances—

[01:07] **Speaker B:** oh, hi, I'd like to start off by— go to the first caller on the phone.

[01:11] **Speaker D:** Well, if you're lucky, now we're giving you a full 60 minutes. It's the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang, an hour-long recap of the day's top local stories on your drive home and Unlike the city council, we're the perfect vehicle to actually get your voice heard. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now.

[01:36] **Speaker B:** It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on talk radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I found that you may have missed covering stuff up and down the Golden State at randywangradio.substack.com. You can also check out our YouTube channel for clips of this show and where you can watch the John Phillips Show live every single day from noon to 3 at youtube.com/@randywangradio. Follow me on X and Instagram @randywangradio. Check out our accountability podcast at youtube.com/@randy @accountabilitypodcast and send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com. We start in Sacramento with cigarettes and bananas. What do cigarettes and bananas have to do with each other, you ask? Oh, it's a funny, funny story. So Sacramento, like many municipalities, has been trying to crack down on tobacco use and trying to limit tobacco use in the state for obvious reasons. I mean, we all get it. We've all seen what happens, the effects of smoking. We all know that smoking is bad for you. And so one of the things that local leaders wanna do is have as few places to buy cigarettes as possible. And in Sacramento, they were actually stricter on this than many other parts of the state. Because they didn't want people smoking. That leads to all kinds of cancer, leads to all kinds of littering and all this other stuff. But then a few years ago, Sacramento came out with a strange idea. We'll allow you to open a shop that sells cigarettes if you also are selling health food. So if you say that you're selling fresh produce, whether that's bananas, carrots, what have you, then you can also sell your tobacco products. That is a strange, strange, strange way to logic your way into this. And it turns out that this ordinance allowed for a huge proliferation of smoke shops in Sacramento because they were abiding by the Health Food Ordinance, except upon inspection, they really weren't. Because when looking at these smoke shops that also sold health food, The health food options were sparse and sometimes the bananas were rotten. Now they're relooking at this program thinking, does this really, really, really make sense? And no, no, it doesn't. But it just goes to show you the bizarre thinking that goes towards all aspects when we talk about cigarettes, tobacco and smoking in the state of California. California, because, you know, we've had municipalities that have enacted smoking bans. Can't smoke indoors at bars, which I think we can all collectively agree is a good thing. But now you have ordinances like in some parts of the Bay Area where you cannot smoke even outside of a bar and you've gotta walk all the way to the street corner, what have you. We've made it more difficult to buy cigarettes. We've made it more, you know, we've made it more expensive to buy cigarettes as well with all the taxes. That is the, you know, one of the original sin taxes. The excise tax on cigarettes is to deter you from buying it. But well, nicotine is a powerful addictive substance and people are still gonna pay $10 a pack. But at the same time where we're trying to promote better health and we're, I guess, trying to promote it by, well, the cigarettes are okay as long as you're buying fresh produce. That made no sense whatsoever. But we also talk out of both sides of our mouth because at the same time where we're trying to restrict tobacco use, we seem to be encouraging at every step that we can on cannabis use. And while the things that you are smoking, the things that you are consuming are wildly different, I know there are plenty of medicinal benefits for marijuana. You don't need to tell me about that. Although some people would say there's also medicinal benefits to tobacco and nicotine, but the harms vastly outweigh any kind of benefits to calming your nerves. That being said, one thing that I think is objectively clear— I mean, if you're just talking about consuming tobacco compared to consuming THC, yeah, One of them is definitely less harmful than the other. But when you're talking about just the act of smoking, whether you are smoking tobacco, whether you're smoking weed, whether you're smoking salvia, which is a strange thing that they sell in head shops, smoking is not good for you in any form. And I should know. While I was never much of a cigarette smoker, I mean, sure, there were a couple of times when I was a 17-year-old working at Magic Mountain and one of my coworkers offered me a Marlboro Light, and I'm like, sure, why not? I didn't really understand the fascination with it, but sure felt cool for a minute. Plus it was like, 5 minutes we didn't have to work. It's almost like for certain jobs, especially hourly jobs, like if you're a smoker, you get a lot of extra breaks because you got to go outside to do that. And sure, I would try to, I don't know, get into it. I remember trying a few times to get into cigars, never my thing. And ever since I've been with my lovely wife, who I've been together with for nearly 13 years now. She won't kiss this face if it's been anywhere near tobacco or cannabis. I had to learn that one the hard way. By the way, great way to, you know, encourage somebody to stop smoking is, well, you're going to have to brush your teeth and use mouthwash after every use or you're not kissing me. But the only time I was really, really, really into cigarettes was a very specific time in my life when I was going to music festivals and raves. Because when you're dancing around on molly, there's nothing like the feeling of a Camel Crush, which I don't even think they make those anymore. Do you remember Camel Crush? That's where it was a regular Camel cigarette, but you could crush this little pellet with your fingers and then all of a sudden it turned into a menthol cigarette. I can't explain it and, uh, probably lost a few brain cells to the activity, but there is some real euphoria going when it comes to menthol and it comes to ecstasy at kids at music festivals. This is what the kids are doing. I had about a 6-month tenure where I was really into this stupid stuff. I don't do it anymore. You know, it was another one. This is a strange one. Vicks Vapo-Inhalers. What you do is you put it in your mouth and you blow it. So like the, the vapors, like put them into your hands and have them kind of scoop so they hit your eyes.

[10:14] **Speaker C:** I don't know why.

[10:15] **Speaker B:** That's really good for the e-kids as well. But I'm not here to tell you about all the stupid things kids do on ecstasy. Don't even get me started on light shows. What I'm saying is that I've never really been a cigarette smoker, but for about 10 years I was a heavy pot smoker and I was never really into edibles because I felt like with edibles you could not control. I think it's different now and they're a lot more regulated, but Back in my day when you'd get the space cakes at the medical pot store to deal with your glaucoma, or I think I told them I had insomnia, you never really knew how strong any of this stuff was. And then you could be way too high for way too long. And, uh, not for me. I felt like I could control the buzz a lot more with the smoking because the feeling dissipates unless you keep reapplying it every 20 minutes throughout a 24-hour period. And the fact is, when you smoke daily cannabis, you smoke a lot. You smoke out of pipes, you smoke out of bongs. Your friends convince you to do nail hits. And even though you have deluded yourself into believing that the CBD and the THC is very good for you, and I'm sure there again, I'm not knocking the medicinal benefits of cannabis, but the act of smoking, whether it is pot, whether it's tobacco, what have you, will never be good for you. I should know because many times and I, you know, I bring this up just to educate because it is kind of gross. But there were many times in the throes of my pot years where I started coughing up blood because my throat and my lungs were so irritated from all the smoking. My nickname was the Valley Village Cough. So I am well aware that it's not great for you. Maybe, you know, the drinks and the edibles are the way to go, or, you know, now they've got the salves or there's all different kinds of ways to consume that stuff.. But ultimately, the smoking is not great, and the smoking of tobacco is never going to be good for you. You know, if that's what you need to do, if that's your relaxation, you do you. It does smell really bad, though. That all being said, this ordinance in Sacramento that allowed more smoke shops because, okay, they're going to sell health food, That made no sense to begin with. And of course, it's another one of these ordinances where it's who's actually enforcing it. So when they finally did a study, they found, oh, nobody's actually following this. And now we allowed a lot more of these things. And I hate to stereotype, but, you know, it's one thing if you're talking about, you know, a convenience store, a mini mart, what have you. But when it comes specifically to The very California smoke shop. I'm not a fan of these things. You see them in almost every strip mall, which already is confusing because not that many people consume tobacco. You know, it's on a major low. So how are there so many of these places? Well, it's because smoke shops sell way more than just tobacco and tobacco accessories, which, by the way, for all the pipes and the bongs. Who actually uses a pipe for tobacco unless it's an old-school corncob pipe? But these smoke shops— and I have one I like to point out, the dinky little strip mall next to a 7-Eleven in my neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley. One place is a vacancy, a vacant office that was a bake shop that went out of business. One place is an illicit massage parlor, you know, because it's open late at night and it's got black bars on the windows. And one is a smoke shop. And the smoke shops sell all sorts of weird things. You know, we just did a story on the Accountability Podcast a couple of weeks ago about one of the things that you can buy at smoke shops is nitrous oxide. So you can do whippets. Because for some reason it's legal to buy that for any reason, whether you're, you know, trying to make lily koi foam to make your very own monkey pod mai tai, one of the greatest cocktails in the world. Go to Maui. You'll love it. It'll make you very happy. So you have that, or you could be just inhaling it from balloons because you want to do whippets. And that's one of the things you can buy at smoke shops. What else can you buy at smoke shops? Have you ever heard of kratom? Okay, I'm not the expert on this, but I highly recommend checking out a deep dive video that John Oliver did on gas station drugs, which are also things you can buy at smoke shops, including kratom, which is something that people use as a pain reliever because it is similar to opiates, and it also can be nearly as addictive as opiates. For some reason, even though people have actually died from this stuff, for some reason that's legal, and you can buy it, you guessed it, at a smoke shop. And another one, and I mentioned it before, what's the actual medicinal purpose of salvia? I remember on a podcast many years ago, we're like, okay, we're going to try this salvia thing, see what this all is about. And all I remember is feeling for 2 minutes like my head was in a vice grip. It was disgusting. I did not understand that. But that's another substance that's legal. Remember all the synthetic pot that was able to be bought legally at these smoke shops before pot was recreational. K2, Spice, all of these bizarre things, things that come out, all of these supplements that are not regulated whatsoever. Let's not even get to all the stuff that's supposed to affect your junk that you can buy. All of this stuff is barely regulated because it comes out faster than the regulators can pay attention to it. And the place where you buy all of this, of course, is a smoke shop. The smoke shops also sell a lot of things they're not supposed to, including cannabis, when they're not a licensed cannabis stores. But as we know, the enforcement for that is so pathetic in the city of LA that the city of LA just passed a ballot measure where they can now send a tax bill to an illegally operating pot store, and they think they're actually going to get the money for it. So I'm not a fan of these places at all, and it is so ridiculous that we allowed so many of them to be built and operated in Sacramento under the guise of, well, if they just sell bananas with the cigarettes, everything's gonna be a-okay. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 K-A-B-C.

[17:58] **Speaker A:** Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great.

[18:07] **Speaker B:** There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven.

[18:11] **Speaker A:** They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies.

[18:30] **Speaker C:** It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast.

[18:33] **Speaker A:** The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy.

[18:41] **Speaker C:** It's great.

[18:42] **Speaker A:** I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website.

[18:46] **Speaker B:** Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you.

[18:53] **Speaker A:** Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[19:01] **Speaker F:** Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps, head on over to spinquest.com. Get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[19:25] **Speaker G:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[19:35] **Speaker B:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. All right, Here's one while we're on the health food kick. I'm sure you've seen a lot of products that are advertised these days that are made with avocado oil. In fact, last week I consumed— not in one sitting, it was like 5 or 6 sittings— but an entire bag of those new Trader Joe's sea salt and vinegar potato chips made with avocado oil. And they are delicious. I actually need to find out from— do you know who Samantha the Sommelier is? So this girl on Instagram, Samantha the Sommelier, she does food and wine pairing specifically with stuff you get at Trader Joe's. So for instance, you know, like one of them can be the buffalo chicken dip and what kind of Pinot you're going to pair with that and what kind of chip you're going to have with it. I got to find out what pairing she has. I think it's a Riesling, and then it's usually one of the other Trader Joe's dips with those sea salt and vinegar chips. They are excellent. Well, Trader Joe's says they're made with avocado, and I trust Trader Joe's. I always do. But it turns out, thanks to a UC Davis study, a lot of products that are advertised as made with avocado oil, which is known as one of the healthier oils, Turns out it's not, and it's seed oil. And if you're trying to avoid seed oils like canola or grapeseed, what have you, well, you may be being misled. So I don't know what other further regulation we have to have on this. Interesting, though, the same study found while a lot of products advertised as made with avocado oil weren't made with avocado oil, almost every product that's advertised that's made with olive oil was olive oil. So I like that. Trader Joe's does have some very good olive oil potato chips, so maybe that's the way to go. Hey, if you ever miss an episode of this show, we put everything up not only on audio but also on video. I tape this every single day now because I'm paying for the software, so I might as well do it. And you can check out the News Blitz. On YouTube. I usually post it around, you know, sometime in the evening, but check it out. Go to youtube.com/@randywangradio, and that is also where you can check out the John Phillips Show every single day, live from noon to 3. We got a lot more coming up. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I compile a list every single day of all the stories that I found interesting in the state of California, so check it out for yourself. It's free to subscribe. All that means is you put in your email address, and when I post it— and because I'm in Toronto this week, I've been getting them up pretty early, like it's 7:00 AM California time because I'm 3 hours later— I'm getting so much done. It's Great. RandyWangRadio.substack.com. There was a town hall in West Hollywood where industry officials tried to discuss new steps, new efforts to stop runaway production in the state of California, specifically in Southern California and Los Angeles. And unfortunately, a lot of these efforts are just way too little way too late. The state of California took so long to even try to be competitive with tax credits. When you're talking about other states like Atlanta, when you're talking about other states like now New Jersey, what have you— I mean, so many states have a film program now. New Mexico has a thriving film program. You know that if you've ever seen Breaking Bad, or there's even that show Dark Winds that shoots in Santa Fe. So there's all kinds of production happening all over the place, and California was not competitive with the taxes. And sure, they'd say, well, yeah, Atlanta operates as a loss leader. And yes, that's true. They, uh, give out so much in tax incentives, but they still make it back because of all of the other down-the-line effects from these productions, the job creation, the people that have to support the jobs, the caterers, what have you, the truckers. There's so many jobs that go into it. It's a wild thing to think about. And it is one of the changing aspects of the economy of the entertainment business is how many people are required to do a television production, a movie production, even a commercial production. It is a lot of people and budgets are only getting smaller. And so a lot of productions have to do more with less. And that is why the tax credits are a big part of this. And California recently shot themselves in the foot by passing a new part of the budget where the tax incentives they do have, which have brought some productions back to the state of California, notably, and it was a weird one, where Apple TV, who I think makes some of the best streaming shows that nobody watches, They announced that the Vince Vaughn show Bad Monkey was going to film their season 2 in LA, which I found to be really strange because the show is— takes place and for the most part, I was under the impression, was shot in the Florida Keys. So I don't know why they wouldn't keep it there, but we'll see. I do really like that show. So we have seen some productions move back. Some productions have been very successful. The Pit shoots in Los Angeles. I think it shoots at WB in Burbank. But we passed a part of the budget that said now companies cannot claim more than $5 million in a year, which means any big productions, well, they're not going to be making enough. But that's only one part of it. You also have the localism is determinative part of it, to sound like Gavin Newsom, when it comes to the production permits, when it comes to all of the insane fees when it comes to having to have city workers paid on your staff to monitor the production. The city of LA is notoriously awful with this. And Karen Bass, who offers incremental change and no real progress, is late to the party on this as well. Remember when she held a press conference talking about a game changer to bring back production? And that we were going to reduce the permit fees to shoot at the Griffith Observatory by 30%. That's not big enough thinking.

[26:49] **Speaker G:** And it—

[26:49] **Speaker B:** again, it is one of the things as I'm looking at this LA mayor's race where we are faced with two bad decisions. Can it really get any worse with Nithya? I don't know. The one thing I will say is Karen Bass comes from a generation, and especially being in Congress where she's not really used to getting anything done, thinks that the tiniest little improvement is a big award, and LA has bigger problems, and I don't think she's prepared for it. Nithya might also be a disaster, but after 4 years of Karen Bass, I don't know if I can really check that box once again. And I'm saying that as a huge critic of Nithya Raman. But I think at this point, having somebody who's in their 40s and is open to thinking differently might be more helpful because when it comes to policy, they're the exact same person. So you've got the tax structure, you've got the permitting. But then there's another aspect of this that doesn't get talked about enough. And it's actually why so much production is now leaving Atlanta and leaving some of these more tax-friendly states for the UK, for Canada. I'm in Toronto right now. You know all those Hallmark movies where someone's having Christmas in New York because they met a prince, what have you? Those are all shot in Toronto. A lot of things are shot in Toronto because, well, Toronto from a close-up shot can look a heck of a lot like New York City. And it's not just a more attractive tax and permitting structure here. And this is the difficult part of the conversation, and I say this as a union guy that is a dues-paying member of SAG-AFTRA. And the unions are usually the ones who are at the press conference with Karen Bass saying, this is it, This is the game changer. This will bring production back when it may be the unions themselves that are a hindrance to production coming back. Because if your budget went from $300,000 an episode to $200,000 an episode, but the minimum pay, minimum healthcare payouts, what have you for the union jobs makes it so you cannot properly staff a production, the only way to go non-union is to flee the country. And that's what's going on right now, where Marvel Studios left Atlanta and now they have created their own giant production studio in the UK. And the unions are just getting in their own way with this one. You know, anecdotally, I think we've all heard stories from, you know, dues-paying members of IATSE that would love to work, especially work in the town where they live. But because of the minimums, they can't do it. They would love to take a pay cut just to be able to work, but they can't. And look, you can definitely make the argument that the studios just are, you know, a lot greedier than they used to be. Look at all the mega mergers, what have you. But it's the dollars and cents of the entertainment business. And with the salary minimums that the unions are putting out, there's just— there isn't enough money at the end of the rainbow to make those happen. The entire business model has changed where now television productions, or majority of them, they go to the streaming services. And outside, for a few that go super viral, you're not really sure what added value they bring You know, they're not really bringing in advertising revenue the way that television shows and the system was rated. And the entire entertainment industry is losing so much market share to YouTube and podcasts. Forget the Netflix aspect of it because Netflix is also a part of this game. But the biggest streamer is not Netflix, it's YouTube. And a lot of it is user-generated content. Most of it is user-generated content. A lot of people are watching podcasts. This is a podcast, right?

[31:12] **Speaker C:** Right now.

[31:14] **Speaker B:** And podcasts can give you a lot of the entertainment value of a television show, except it has no staff, no crew. I put on what I like to think— humble brag— is a fairly sophisticated-looking cable news style video podcast that streams every single day on The John Phillips Show. We are able to bring in guests on video. We are able to play clips from the local news. I've even got lower thirds on the screen. I mean, what am I doing that the other networks are not doing? And the difference between me and MS Now and CNN and Fox and Bloomberg, what have you, is that I'm doing it all by myself. I'm doing it all with software. I'm controlling every aspect of it. I do all the research. Are you— am I trying to say that I wear way too many hats because I also usually have to do this while also running the radio board and co-hosting the show? Yes. But the point is what the cable companies and what the cable news channels have to spend millions and millions and millions of dollars on with staffing and salaries can now be done with software. So the industry is changing and the unions have to figure out some kind of balance to keep the productions here, some kind of leeway to work with everybody. Because believe you me, it's not like it's free to move your production out of the country. There are other costs, including immigration, which is a whole time sink and money sink. And think about that. If it is so expensive and onerous to shoot in Los Angeles that it is cheaper to immigrate 100 people to Canada or the UK, there has to be some kind of happy medium we can figure out, because I'm sure a lot of productions would like to stay in Los Angeles if this was a more habitable ground. But You're competing not just against other states now, you're competing against the world. And when you go out of this country, the unions don't have any power there. And again, I say this as a dues-paying member of SAG-AFTRA. SAG-AFTRA helped me out a lot when I first got into the union because, well, I was— so I don't know if people know this story, but when I was originally hired to do the sports reports on the morning show. That was supposed to be a union position, but union positions have a minimum salary that the station could not afford because, well, station was broke. So instead of making the scale, I was making less than that, and no one was going to know because, well, we're on 790 at 5 o'clock in the morning. Then I got a Golden Mic Award. And then at the Golden Mic Awards, my old boss, or one of my old bosses from KFI, Chris Little, who was the guy who runs the RTNA, he introduced me to a member of the union who said, wait, you're not in our union. What's that about? So they called the radio station, said, hey, why isn't this guy in the union? He's been talking and doing your sports reports. So they actually had to bump up my salary to scale and negotiate back pay. So that worked out pretty well. But I do see how sometimes the unions can be a little too rigid in their thinking. And if there are options to go elsewhere, the studios will go elsewhere. And the last thing we need is any more strikes. 2023, was devastating to this injury and industry, and it changed people's viewing habits forever. More devastating than COVID.

[35:21] **Speaker A:** Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great.

[35:30] **Speaker B:** There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven.

[35:34] **Speaker A:** They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway. But you get such a nice char. Especially on my Solaire Infrared Grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire Infrared Grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies.

[35:53] **Speaker C:** It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast.

[35:55] **Speaker A:** The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy.

[36:04] **Speaker C:** It's great.

[36:04] **Speaker B:** I'm a big fan.

[36:06] **Speaker A:** I highly recommend you check out the website.

[36:08] **Speaker B:** Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you.

[36:15] **Speaker A:** besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[36:22] **Speaker H:** Scrolling with Haley. I am Haley Caronia. I scroll with the homies here in the live chat because there's a lot to scroll through on X, on Instagram, on TikTok.

[36:30] **Speaker B:** Cutting through the clutter, one hot take at a time.

[36:34] **Speaker H:** Love seeing you all in the chat before the show. I try to jump in just a few minutes before to say hello. I love the chat interaction. Thank you for helping. But I do it to get all of the videos and all of the content that you won't find anywhere else. Scrolling with Haley. Just search that up and I will be there. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.

[36:53] **Speaker E:** Hanging out at the pool is great, relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the same time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other. It's all at SpinQuest. Over 1,000 games, including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with this summer special. New players get $30 coin packs for 10 at spinquest.com.

[37:16] **Speaker G:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[37:25] **Speaker B:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790. K-A-B-C. It's one of those stories that you seem to hear almost every single year, that even though we've had a heck of a lot of rain, it's not enough, and the Colorado River is getting dangerously low. The reservoirs that fill the Colorado River, like Lake Mead, are at very dangerously low levels, and the Colorado River is the major source of water for 7 states. Now, this could be because we've had not so great snowpacks the last couple of years, but the idea of, well, we just need to stop consuming so much water, that's just not gonna happen, especially with the proliferation of data centers. Hey, I said that on the first try this time. We're not gonna see that. That's for sure. But what doesn't get talked about when we talk about water policy in the state of California is that the technology is here to make these problems go away. Specifically, I'm talking about high-tech, new-age desalinization plants. And this isn't even something that's in theory. There is a high-tech, new-age desalinization plant where the residual salt goes into the deepest parts of the the ocean where it has a much smaller effect on the ocean environment. We're not trying to create extra salty mackerel on the top layer. It has worked so well in Carlsbad, in San Diego County, that they are now actually a net exporter of water. They are able to produce so much clean, potable drinking water from this desalinization plant that is doing it in the most ecologically friendly way possible, that they actually are now selling water or they're working on building contracts to sell water to Arizona, to Nevada, maybe to Utah as well. These other states that depend on the Colorado River and I love that idea, and I don't understand why we don't go further into this. I mean, we're not in, you know, we're not like, we're not a landlocked state. We have the entire Pacific Ocean. We can do something with this. That being said, we also should be making sure that we're keeping our ocean as clean as possible and our rivers as clean as possible too. And this is one of the things California loves to tout that we are the most environmentally conscious state, which, by the way, living in Los Angeles now, anytime I travel to any other major international city— and I'm in one right now, I'm in Toronto— the first thing you notice as being a Los Angeles resident is how clean everything is here. And apparently to Canadians, Toronto is dirtier than a lot of other Canadian cities. We'll see. I haven't been to Vancouver yet, but LA is so filthy. And what do we know about Los Angeles? We know that whenever it rains in Los Angeles, all of the trash, the illegally dumped debris, the toxic waste, human excrement, drugs that are in encampments, all get washed out into the LA River and then get washed out into the ocean. It's another thing where, you know, I was not much of an ocean swimmer, even though I'm born and raised in Southern California. I mean, come on, we're the home of the Beach Boys. But the Pacific Ocean was always cold.

[41:37] **Speaker C:** And dirty.

[41:38] **Speaker B:** Okay, if you go in July, it's not that cold, but it's always been dirty. And how many times a year do we get alerts that you can't go swimming in Santa Monica because there is too much bacteria in the water? Then you go to other parts of the world. I remember the first time I touched a different body of water than the Pacific Ocean. And it was when I was invited by my then-girlfriend to go to Costa Rica.

[42:07] **Speaker C:** Pura vida!

[42:09] **Speaker B:** And we were— for the first time, I was able to see warm, clean, pure ocean water. And it was gorgeous and it felt magical. And then a year later, I got to go to Hawaii. And gosh, I— you take me to Maui, you take me to Napili Bay, which, by the way, I love to watch that webcam all the time when I'm feeling extra jealous. The Napili Kai Resort has a great webcam of that, and that is such a great swimmer's beach because the water can be deep enough. And then you come home and you have friends come from out of town, they're like, I'm gonna go to the beach. And I'm like, yeah, not me. I don't do that. That is not a me thing because I think, especially in Los Angeles County, our beaches are kind of gross. So maybe we could work on cleaning them up and then the ocean would be cleaner that then we can use for more desalinization plants so we can replenish the Colorado River. Also, what happened to all those reservoirs we were supposed to build with a bond in 2014? Still haven't started construction on any of them, have we? Thank y'all so much for being a part of this show. Check us out on YouTube, youtube.com/ @randywangradio. That's where I have clips of this show and full segments, as well as the John Phillips Show, live every single day from noon to 3. If you have not watched it and you're not around to watch it live, everything up there is on demand. It is a lot of fun. youtube.com/@randywangradio. I'll see you tomorrow for another News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I'm a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, You turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid.

[44:31] **Speaker A:** So you have no idea what's going on.

[44:33] **Speaker B:** If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking.

[44:37] **Speaker A:** That doesn't happen on the Solaire.

[44:39] **Speaker B:** It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time.

[44:44] **Speaker D:** You don't—

[44:44] **Speaker A:** you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You had nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy.
