# 5.21.26 Primary Results, Antisemitism, And Spencer Pratt’s Genius Campaign Ad

**Show:** What's Right Show
**Date Published:** 2026-05-21
**Date Found:** 2026-05-21
**URL:** https://podcasters.spotify.com/pod/show/whatsrightshow/episodes/5-21-26-Primary-Results--Antisemitism--And-Spencer-Pratts-Genius-Campaign-Ad-e3jm4fn?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 40 minutes

## Summary

This 40-minute episode of What's Right Show mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, What's Right Show

## Key Moment

> "Folks, get into an accident accident, injury, something happens, don't go at it alone. Uh, recently, uh, signed, uh, this is a horrific case here at Sam Ash Injury Law. Uh, a woman is on an e-bike, not wearing a helmet, riding down the street, retired, living the American dream, her and her husband. All of a sudden, a car blows through a stop sign. Okay, you can imagine what happens. Blows for us. I don't know what— I don't know what the other driver was doing. We're gonna figure it out. There's an open criminal investigation because she passed away, and there's a lot to deal with. And the family is so smart that they called us right away. Medical bills are stacking up, how to handle those with the estate. There's, you know, literally hundreds of thousands of medical bills that are coming that could wipe out the estate. We are going to get those reduced way, way, way down. There are things that a lawyer can do for you that you simply don't know how to do, can't do. GPT, ChatGPT can't do it for you. You, you, you need actual real bricks and mortar, honest to goodness legal representation. Salmon Ash Injury Law is the firm to trust. 800-304-2000. 1-800-304-2000. Sam and Ash Injury Law, because you deserve what's right. All right, you know, Robbie and I talking here during the break, and of course here on the What's Right Show, this is one of the joys I have is, is, is, is talking to my good friend Robbie, and we're, we're raising a great point about how nonsensical this whole anti-Zionist— well, I'm only anti-Zionist. See, I'm not anti-Jew. I didn't say Jew, I said Zionism. Now, does anybody actually— what is that, by the way? Zionism was a movement that bore the state of Israel. It settled history, borders defended, right? That's kind of what, you know, national sovereignty is, is when you defend your borders, uh, wink wink at France, Germany, the US under Joe Biden, Spain, Italy, etc. Countries that don't protect their borders cease to be countries. Israel claimed its— if you think it's its birthright, whatever— claimed territory, founded a state, whole history there, and has defended it successfully since its inception. All right, now it's, it's, it's settled. Okay, I, I don't know. The Czech Republic, uh, Robbie, where my parents are from, is technically a newer country formed in the early '90s than Israel. Nobody goes, well, I, you know, I'm not, I'm not against Czech people per se, but I'm anti-Czech Republicism. What? You— well, I don't believe that the US deserves to live. It's— by the way, side note, if you— there are people, most of them exist in, you know, publicly funded universities and the unemployment line. That think America shouldn't exist, that America stole land from, from, you know, the Native Americans and that we are on stolen land. The crossover, the Venn diagram, people that believe that, that, you know, that are against Zionism and think that Israel should be wiped from the face of the earth and that America should be wiped from the face is, is like 100%, right? Complete total overlap. And That's where Massey is just a retard. Like, he's smart, right? Didn't he go to MIT? Doesn't he understand that this nonsense, this babbling about, about anti-Zionism, actually validates, you know, arguments for— and it's part of the same argument— that a reason why America, 250 years in, this year, thank you very much, celebrating a big birthday, that America doesn't have a right to exist either. How far back should we go? And who decides how far back you should go? It's peak deconstruction, right? Nothing's real, nothing's mattered, nothing matters, but we're gonna— we are going to literally reorganize the world in order to cause a revolution. To me, Massie's no better with the stupid arguments than a communist, right? So, um, so all this, all this stuff to me is, is extremely dangerous. And, um, and, you know, and, and just need to be, need to be aware of it. Um, yeah, and, and it's, it like, uh, to me, I, I don't know, fundamentally America's not an open issue, right? Hey, you know what, we fought some We fought the Mexicans. You know, who was it? Was it Pancho Villa? Whose leg did we get? Stole his leg. Mexicans are still pissed about that. Give us the leg back. Whose leg? I always forget this. Who was it? Santa Anna's leg or Pancho Villa's leg that we took? I'm just telling you, you talk to Mexicans about this issue, it's touchy. But, you know, here, you know, we got land, we settled. Bought Louisiana from the French. Thank you very much. Maybe the French want it back. You know, I don't know if you're, if you're, if you're believing in Zionism. The whole thing is just, it's ridiculously absurd. It's the same people that believe in open borders, that believe that the West ought to get flooded by all sorts of migrants from all around the world, invaded, right? Our territory invaded. Our sovereignty ceded, given up to these people that then sit around and go, well, Israel doesn't have a right to exist. My God, they're on stolen land. Ditto America. Poor Indians, right? And I, you know, I always, I always forget to talk about this. This is why I am so unbelievably bothered, Robbie, when they do the, the, the land acknowledgments. Uh, we're gathered here today, uh, we're go— before we get started with our, uh, conference on transgender gerbils, uh, here at, uh, UNLV, we'd like to just mention briefly the, uh, Shoshone Indians and the, uh, the Wamash and the, the, the Pikachu, uh, tribe, uh, for their, you know, uh, uh, uh, you know, I'm sitting there, I'm going What the flip? I always, by the way, I always deliberately like groan, like audibly groan. I was like, grrr. And it gets the room quiet. I'm like, oh, sorry, stomach upset. Well, right, because you keep saying that the land belongs to somebody else. Look what happened in Canada. You keep saying it. This is the lawyer in me, you know. If I come up to you, I said, you know what, my car is actually your car. Or my house, my, you know, my house belongs to you. I mean, you go, you're right. It does. Offer and acceptance. I mean, yeah, I guess you could make a rational basis, an argument there for that being, that being a statement against interest and admissible in court that you're not the rightful owner of whatever you're, you know, that the property in question is. Yeah, that's— by the way, that's what happened in Canada in that town. We covered that story. Wild stuff. So anyway, this is, this is what's going on. By the way, uh, in LA, Spencer Pratt, my goodness, he is running some of the best political ads on the planet. Let me tell you something about this. There is a new era right now in political advertising and the way political campaigns are run, and You're going to see in this 2026 cycle, as the general election heats up at the end of the summer, you're going to see a different style of campaigning. And it principally has to do with technology and money. People are not talking about this enough. The standard sort of protocol for what you'd have to do if you ran for Congress, by the way, used to be you have to raise about $1 million, $2 million, $3 million. To run for Congress. Now it's $40, okay, depending on the district, plus or minus. You raise a ton of money and then you go and you buy ads. You go and you buy basically, you know, goofy, you know, ads that air on TV and you're paying your campaign consultant a ton of money who gets, by the way, gets a cut of every ad that you place, right? 10%, 15%, whatever it is. It's a giant money-making racket for the political consultants. And this happens on the Republican side, happens on the Democrat side. Okay. Now enter the world of AI and being able to whip up quickly a pithy ad and then enter the world, combine that with the world of social media where you can deploy that and more people will see it on TikTok, on Instagram, on X, formerly known as Twitter. @What's Right, Sam, by the way, is where you can find me. Okay, more people will find you there than they will on cable or on, you know, Channel 5. I hate to break it to you, there are more eyeballs online, and if an ad is good enough, it will go viral and for almost zero cost. I'm talking for hundreds of dollars. A million people see you. You want to— well, I'm just telling you that the whole consultancy class is getting blown out of the water. Everything is different now. And okay, let's give you an example. This is an AI ad. I'm gonna have a little coffee here. Pardon, pardon the interruption. It's a coffee break interruption. Pardon me, friends. Still trying to soothe this voice, by the way. Like, I'm, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. Well, Steve, yeah, uh, Spencer Pratt, LA, running against, um, two communists, uh, both of them some sort of shade of brown. It has to be noted, people of color have preference and privilege in today's, uh, left-wing society. Anyway, so Pratt has this ad, and this I think this is so far one of the most brilliant political ads I've ever seen. Now it starts— here's the first part. The first part is brilliant, and then it pivots. I'll take you the second part. Let me just— here's the first part of it. It's the house in the neighborhood barbecue race is really heating up."
> — Speaker A at 20:20
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [20:20] Speaker A: "Folks, get into an accident accident, injury, something happens, don't go at it alone. Uh, recently, uh, signed, uh, this is a horrific case here at Sam Ash Injury Law. Uh, a woman is on an e-bike, not wearing a helmet, riding down the street, retired, living the American dream, her and her husband. All of a sudden, a car blows through a stop sign. Okay, you can imagine what happens. Blows for us. I don't know what— I don't know what the other driver was doing. We're gonna figure it out. There's an open criminal investigation because she passed away, and there's a lot to deal with. And the family is so smart that they called us right away. Medical bills are stacking up, how to handle those with the estate. There's, you know, literally hundreds of thousands of medical bills that are coming that could wipe out the estate. We are going to get those reduced way, way, way down. There are things that a lawyer can do for you that you simply don't know how to do, can't do. GPT, ChatGPT can't do it for you. You, you, you need actual real bricks and mortar, honest to goodness legal representation. Salmon Ash Injury Law is the firm to trust. 800-304-2000. 1-800-304-2000. Sam and Ash Injury Law, because you deserve what's right. All right, you know, Robbie and I talking here during the break, and of course here on the What's Right Show, this is one of the joys I have is, is, is, is talking to my good friend Robbie, and we're, we're raising a great point about how nonsensical this whole anti-Zionist— well, I'm only anti-Zionist. See, I'm not anti-Jew. I didn't say Jew, I said Zionism. Now, does anybody actually— what is that, by the way? Zionism was a movement that bore the state of Israel. It settled history, borders defended, right? That's kind of what, you know, national sovereignty is, is when you defend your borders, uh, wink wink at France, Germany, the US under Joe Biden, Spain, Italy, etc. Countries that don't protect their borders cease to be countries. Israel claimed its— if you think it's its birthright, whatever— claimed territory, founded a state, whole history there, and has defended it successfully since its inception. All right, now it's, it's, it's settled. Okay, I, I don't know. The Czech Republic, uh, Robbie, where my parents are from, is technically a newer country formed in the early '90s than Israel. Nobody goes, well, I, you know, I'm not, I'm not against Czech people per se, but I'm anti-Czech Republicism. What? You— well, I don't believe that the US deserves to live. It's— by the way, side note, if you— there are people, most of them exist in, you know, publicly funded universities and the unemployment line. That think America shouldn't exist, that America stole land from, from, you know, the Native Americans and that we are on stolen land. The crossover, the Venn diagram, people that believe that, that, you know, that are against Zionism and think that Israel should be wiped from the face of the earth and that America should be wiped from the face is, is like 100%, right? Complete total overlap. And That's where Massey is just a retard. Like, he's smart, right? Didn't he go to MIT? Doesn't he understand that this nonsense, this babbling about, about anti-Zionism, actually validates, you know, arguments for— and it's part of the same argument— that a reason why America, 250 years in, this year, thank you very much, celebrating a big birthday, that America doesn't have a right to exist either. How far back should we go? And who decides how far back you should go? It's peak deconstruction, right? Nothing's real, nothing's mattered, nothing matters, but we're gonna— we are going to literally reorganize the world in order to cause a revolution. To me, Massie's no better with the stupid arguments than a communist, right? So, um, so all this, all this stuff to me is, is extremely dangerous. And, um, and, you know, and, and just need to be, need to be aware of it. Um, yeah, and, and it's, it like, uh, to me, I, I don't know, fundamentally America's not an open issue, right? Hey, you know what, we fought some We fought the Mexicans. You know, who was it? Was it Pancho Villa? Whose leg did we get? Stole his leg. Mexicans are still pissed about that. Give us the leg back. Whose leg? I always forget this. Who was it? Santa Anna's leg or Pancho Villa's leg that we took? I'm just telling you, you talk to Mexicans about this issue, it's touchy. But, you know, here, you know, we got land, we settled. Bought Louisiana from the French. Thank you very much. Maybe the French want it back. You know, I don't know if you're, if you're, if you're believing in Zionism. The whole thing is just, it's ridiculously absurd. It's the same people that believe in open borders, that believe that the West ought to get flooded by all sorts of migrants from all around the world, invaded, right? Our territory invaded. Our sovereignty ceded, given up to these people that then sit around and go, well, Israel doesn't have a right to exist. My God, they're on stolen land. Ditto America. Poor Indians, right? And I, you know, I always, I always forget to talk about this. This is why I am so unbelievably bothered, Robbie, when they do the, the, the land acknowledgments. Uh, we're gathered here today, uh, we're go— before we get started with our, uh, conference on transgender gerbils, uh, here at, uh, UNLV, we'd like to just mention briefly the, uh, Shoshone Indians and the, uh, the Wamash and the, the, the Pikachu, uh, tribe, uh, for their, you know, uh, uh, uh, you know, I'm sitting there, I'm going What the flip? I always, by the way, I always deliberately like groan, like audibly groan. I was like, grrr. And it gets the room quiet. I'm like, oh, sorry, stomach upset. Well, right, because you keep saying that the land belongs to somebody else. Look what happened in Canada. You keep saying it. This is the lawyer in me, you know. If I come up to you, I said, you know what, my car is actually your car. Or my house, my, you know, my house belongs to you. I mean, you go, you're right. It does. Offer and acceptance. I mean, yeah, I guess you could make a rational basis, an argument there for that being, that being a statement against interest and admissible in court that you're not the rightful owner of whatever you're, you know, that the property in question is. Yeah, that's— by the way, that's what happened in Canada in that town. We covered that story. Wild stuff. So anyway, this is, this is what's going on. By the way, uh, in LA, Spencer Pratt, my goodness, he is running some of the best political ads on the planet. Let me tell you something about this. There is a new era right now in political advertising and the way political campaigns are run, and You're going to see in this 2026 cycle, as the general election heats up at the end of the summer, you're going to see a different style of campaigning. And it principally has to do with technology and money. People are not talking about this enough. The standard sort of protocol for what you'd have to do if you ran for Congress, by the way, used to be you have to raise about $1 million, $2 million, $3 million. To run for Congress. Now it's $40, okay, depending on the district, plus or minus. You raise a ton of money and then you go and you buy ads. You go and you buy basically, you know, goofy, you know, ads that air on TV and you're paying your campaign consultant a ton of money who gets, by the way, gets a cut of every ad that you place, right? 10%, 15%, whatever it is. It's a giant money-making racket for the political consultants. And this happens on the Republican side, happens on the Democrat side. Okay. Now enter the world of AI and being able to whip up quickly a pithy ad and then enter the world, combine that with the world of social media where you can deploy that and more people will see it on TikTok, on Instagram, on X, formerly known as Twitter. @What's Right, Sam, by the way, is where you can find me. Okay, more people will find you there than they will on cable or on, you know, Channel 5. I hate to break it to you, there are more eyeballs online, and if an ad is good enough, it will go viral and for almost zero cost. I'm talking for hundreds of dollars. A million people see you. You want to— well, I'm just telling you that the whole consultancy class is getting blown out of the water. Everything is different now. And okay, let's give you an example. This is an AI ad. I'm gonna have a little coffee here. Pardon, pardon the interruption. It's a coffee break interruption. Pardon me, friends. Still trying to soothe this voice, by the way. Like, I'm, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. Well, Steve, yeah, uh, Spencer Pratt, LA, running against, um, two communists, uh, both of them some sort of shade of brown. It has to be noted, people of color have preference and privilege in today's, uh, left-wing society. Anyway, so Pratt has this ad, and this I think this is so far one of the most brilliant political ads I've ever seen. Now it starts— here's the first part. The first part is brilliant, and then it pivots. I'll take you the second part. Let me just— here's the first part of it. It's the house in the neighborhood barbecue race is really heating up."
- [32:20] Speaker F: "Spencer Pratt seems like he has some good ideas. Not that I'm MAGA or anything. He does seem really angry all the time though."
- [32:40] Speaker F: "Okay, we're all adults here. How about on 3 we just say who we're voting for? 1, 2, 3. Spencer Pratt."
- [32:47] Speaker G: "Yeah. Spencer Pratt."
- [32:50] Speaker F: "Spencer Pratt. Can you imagine if our wives knew?"

## Full Transcript

[00:02] **Speaker A:** Well, I'd say Trump is doing pretty good in the endorsement game. No question about that. He's got the— he's got 37-nothing. That number, by the way, is based on his endorsements this primary season so far, both for people who have won their primaries outright. And also for folks that have advanced to runoff elections. So not bad. In a moment, I could go through those numbers and just bring those to you. But notice, this is why Trump probably waited with Paxton. I said this before, he wants to win, right? He doesn't want to back the wrong candidate. But also delivering a message that certainly has sent reverberations through the august hallways. Of the US Senate and woken up some of the RINOs, the dormant Republicans in name only, uh, who have been obstructing Trump's agenda, uh, basically since 2017. Uh, greetings, friends. Sam Merjofsky here. Real quick, email sam@whatsrightshow.com. That is my email. @whatsrightsam on X, formerly known as Twitter. There we go. We're off to the races. You know, you know, I didn't want to dwell on this. Massey, of course, gave what has been now described and derided as a nasty concession speech. Yeah, he conceded he did it, you know, Tuesday night. We know, we get it. But he couldn't resist a dig at his opponent. Now, you probably have heard about this. I'm going to play it here just so we are all on the same page. This is what Massey threw out there, you know, saying he had called his opponent, conceded the race, a little bit difficult reaching him because of his supposed location. This is what Massey said.

[02:05] **Speaker B:** I would have come out sooner, but I had to call my opponent and concede, and it took a while to find Ed Galraine in Tel Aviv.

[02:21] **Speaker A:** Yeah, I don't think that's— I don't think that's cute, right? He thinks it's cute. He has capitalized on this Jew hate stuff the same way that the podcast class has. They've discovered it's where the clicks are. Now, thankfully, it's not where the votes are in the Republican Party. And the contrast, obviously, is the Democrats who espouse this kind of stuff are doing very well in the primaries by comparison. So I'm pleased to report the Democrats are way more the base of the party anti-Semitic, uh, and hate-filled than Republicans. Uh, nonetheless, uh, Massie is doing this. He's beclowning himself. A lot of people are saying, uh, by the way, they're, they're, eh, they're, they're, he's got some pretensions for 2028, a run for the presidency. And I saw some people, even people I respect, comment on this. And Robbie, one of the things that they said, they went, you know, uh, or Massey's got a young following. He's got these young people. And in politics, the age groups matter. You know, the candidates that get, you know, have the youth behind them, it's always heralded as the next best thing. And I think we have a little bit of an— we get infected thinking that product, you know, placement and, and to some extent ratings and such where you want to go after a more youthful audience, that, that, that matters in politics. It translates to political success. And we've learned it's not always the case, right, that Bernie Sanders, for example, had a huge youth following and still for a variety of reasons, but, but raw votes being one of them, had, had trouble getting across the finish line. Sometimes the young people, in other words, don't show up. What I worry about with Massey in 2028, and, you know, people, we need to think ahead a little bit. One of the things I pride myself on this program is seeing around corners and taking you sort of ahead of the moment. And Massey could run as an independent. Like, I don't think he has a hope or a prayer as a Republican. He's not going to win. In the Republican primary, but he could run as a disruptor, as an independent. And he would, in that instance, I believe, take more votes away from the Republican. We'll see who the Republican is and really create an opening, a moment where the Democrat could win by virtue of Massey being in that race. Do I see Massey basically being a colossal D-I-C-you-know-what going through that and doing that. Yeah, based on what I have been witnessing lately is definitely the case. Massie's not this massively principled guy that he has— his shtick has adopted, right? I mean, he's purportedly a libertarian. There's a lot that Trump has done that has benefited libertarians to the extent that real libertarians who have for years derided Republicans. All Republicans, including Trump in his first term, have actually rallied behind him, and Trump has fulfilled many of his promises to the libertarian wing of the coalition, including freeing Ross Ulbricht. This is the Silk Road founder. We've covered his story a number of times. So, uh, you know, Massey, you know, tweeted once or twice, maybe 3 times about Epstein. Prior to Trump coming into office and all of a sudden become Epstein obsessed. And it probably, you know, it's the Viagra that went to his brain. He did this glow up, you know, his wife died. I understand that's traumatic. I'm not making fun of it. But you can look at the before and after pictures. He was this like chubby, clean-shaven dork. And all of a sudden, Massie comes out, you know, he's got the beard and he's lost a little weight, maybe taken a little bit of the Ozempic shot, right? And he starts taking the penis pills. He's got the boner phone. He's, he's catching tail. These guys, if I may, just if I may say this, the guys that are late bloomers, the guys that, you know, were like hideous in high school and college and maybe fat, and then they lose weight. And they get out there and they start to hit the town. Some of them, by the way, still married, uh, point of fact. Um, they're always insufferable, right? They're just making up for a lot of time. They're kind of— they're, they're kind of acting like, like, like freshmen or sophomores in college, but they're in their 40s, 50s, and some of them even in their 60s. That's the vibe that, you know, that Massey puts off. I'm just saying, I'm just saying, watch 2028 and how it, um, how it, how it goes down. Um, by the way, this anti-Zionist, you know, we'll call it anti-Zionist. It's what they're saying. We're just against Zionism. We're against Israel. We're against Jew money in politics. I mean, I'm— now I'm, I'm being a little bit snide. Well, oh, it's, oh, it's happening on the Democrat side too. Of course, of course there's some lunatic that just advanced to the second round. This is, this is wild stuff. This lady, have you seen this? Um, she basically comes out and says, her name is Maureen Galindo in Texas. Maureen Galindo, what a delightful human being, uh, this lady is. She is, um, I think this is in San Antonio is her district where she's running for. She, she She came in, she came in, she's advancing to the runoff, okay? And, um, from her own Instagram, from her own Instagram, there's a post that says, quote, when Maureen gets into Congress, she'll write legislation so that all Zionism and support of Zionism is undoubtedly antisemitic. Since it's Zionists harming the Semites, she'll turn Karnes ICE detention center, which presumably is some sort of ICE facility in her district, into a prison for American Zionists and former ICE officers for human trafficking. It will— wait, it gets worse. Yeah, it does. It will also be a castration processing center for pedophiles which will probably be most of the Zionists. And this lady got like, I don't know, what was it, 26% of the vote? I mean, this is just wild. Okay, well, so she had to clarify her remarks and this woman has no shame. The point is, by the way, this is how the Democratic base truly feels. They're good. I guess it's a little bit, I would think, a little bit of a no-go subject to talk about putting Zionists, Jews, whatever, into like internment camps. But it's a brave new world apparently, and completely permissible discourse if you're a Democrat.

[09:54] **Speaker C:** When I say that I want billionaire Zionists in prison, that does not mean I want Jews in internment camps. So why am I getting a whole bunch of death threats and MAGA insults? Which actually makes sense, I realize. Like, MAGA and Jewish Zionists apparently are the exact same people. Um, they talk the exact same way, and that's because MAGA is the developing Christian Zionism. That's how they want to create a religion state in the United States of America is through MAGA, which that's the goal of Zionism, is to create these white supremacist religion states. So like, I don't care what religion you are, if you are a Zionist, meaning that you believe that you are just entitled to land, or someone's just entitled to land, um, based off of religious beliefs, and that you'll kill all of the Semites for it, then yeah, I think that you're a danger to humanity and belong in prison, especially if you have the political and economic resources to make that happen. And that's how we would— that's how we will get all of the billionaire Zionists in prison.

[11:04] **Speaker A:** I don't know. I, I, I, well, I honestly, I, if somebody, if, if I, if I had time traveled from, from 2016 to now, If I got into a— if the aliens, uh, who are allegedly, you know, up there and out there had abducted me and flown me around for a few minutes and I landed 10 years later in 2026 to a clip of this person, I— and then they would tell me, yeah, she's a legitimate Democratic candidate in Texas where she is headed to the runoff, where she got enough votes to qualify for the runoff. I, I, I would, I would think you were pulling my leg. I would think I was getting pranked. And I say this, I have a very important point to make here. It's not just funny imagining me being, you know, beamed up in a spacecraft. It's right. The important point I'm making is just imagine where we're going to be 10 years from now if we don't mind our P's and Q's. Imagine where we're going to be 10 years from now if we get distracted by clowns like Tucker Carlson and that Owens lady and to a lesser extent, Megyn Kelly, who's completely sold out for clicks. We got to be— we got to get our, you know, you know what together. These people are nuts. And By the way, this is why noted anti-Semite, Jew-hating rat effer, uh, you know, am I gonna— yeah, well, yeah, and Nick Fuentes came out. He's like, yeah, well, I'm basically— I'm a Democrat. No, I'm a Democrat. Of course he's a Democrat. You're not fooling anybody, okay? And neither is Thomas Massie. Certainly didn't fool the people in his district. Look at the votes against him. You know who else isn't fooling anybody? I think, well, Corden, of course. Yeah, Corden and Jon Thune. You know, yeah, this is, this is the beat. You want to talk about Trump's power of endorsement? This, the, the faces yesterday in the halls of the US Senate, the Republican rhinos They were miserable. Witnesses seeing them leave meetings reported visages that were stone-faced. I'm just telling you, they were frowning, not happy. Okay, now, all right, wait, why? Well, because Trump dropped the ultimate, you know, what is this? Yeah, the cherry bomb into the plugged up toilet. The stopped up toilet is the Senate right now under John Thune. So he gives the endorsement, Cornyn, the endorsement, excuse me, Paxton endorsement, and Thune gets asked about it. This is, these were his first public remarks about the endorsement, the Trump endorsement of Paxton. Where tens of millions of dollars have been offered up by the Senate Republican Committee to prop up Cornyn to save his A-money money, his bacon, so to speak, only to have Trump throw the whole thing, and rightly so.

[14:40] **Speaker D:** Well, I think you all know my position on this issue. I've made it very clear for months now. And Senator Cornyn is a principled conservative. He is a a very effective senator for the state of Texas. And, uh, but I don't— none of us control what the president does. He made his decision about that. Uh, that doesn't change the way I feel. Um, and, uh, I am certainly, um, supportive of— will continue to be supportive of Senator Cornyn and his reelection.

[15:09] **Speaker A:** You know, the biggest myth here, the thing that gets under my skin so badly is when people say, well, Sam, but he's not electable in the general election. About Paxton, right? Because Paxton ran into, uh, a bit of a, uh, a legal situation, right? He had some Republican opponents try to do him dirty down in Texas. The more I found out about this, the more I've read about it, the more I've studied it, you know, I, I, I, I, there's two sides to the, to the, to the thing, and I, I get it, but it really seems to me like Paxton drew ire from, from, from the Republican establishment in Texas. And, and, and they went to do a Trump on him. They went to really do a number on him and run him out of office. And they did not succeed. And that— well, you know, I understand. I think Trump has a lot of sympathetic feelings, vibrations, if you will, for, for what, what happened to Paxton. But Paxton's a proven winner. Statewide. We're not talking about some fringe wacko, you know, candidate here. He's won statewide in Texas 3 times. Okay, he won AG 2014, 2018, and 2022. His '22 margin, which is only, you know, 4 years ago, uh, was 53, uh, to 43%. That's a, that's a double-digit win. We don't call that— that's not a squeaker, okay? And I bring that up because when you talk to the sort of Republican establishment types and like, you know, but you know, it's going to be a tough race, they're running against Tallarico. Tallarico? Tallarico is the guy who's kind of feigning that he's some sort of Christian holy man, but he's also into trans kids. He gives off sort of pedo vibes. I mean, you know, I'm not saying he's a pedophile. I have to be clear, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying the vibes, right? Vibrations. Uh, no, he just taught— he's obsessed with talking about trans kids. Okay, the most important thing are the trans kids. And I, you know, I mean, I agree, protecting kids from crazy trans ideology is pretty damn important. But in terms of like top, you know, 3 issues right now, existential crisis facing our country, maybe that's not necessarily one of them. And I talk about the issue a lot. So I'm a little suspicious of this Tallarico guy. You, you think, because there's been some, some real Republican flight to Texas, right? It's not like, it's not like Texas has been flooded by Democrats. I understand a lot of tech has moved. To Texas and big companies, and they have moved employees there. And many of those employees that have followed those companies have moved there, you know, unwillingly, and have brought their politics with them. But for every one of those, there's two, you know, California Republicans that are like, peace out, California, see you later, Gavin Newsom, we're moving to Texas. They're not gonna vote for Talarico. And big tech is not going to vote for Tallarico either. They're not going to put themselves— so I, to me, this is the whole thing is so absurd. Paxton can win, he can win decisively, and then he can go into the Senate and help clean it up because it really comes down— every vote in the Senate matters. It just does. And it's increasingly looking good for Republicans. By the way, Plattner, Plattner, I guess, has now officially become the, uh, the nominee, the Democrat nominee against, uh, against Collins. Susan Collins, the great rhino. Now I'm gonna say it here, Robbie, you said it earlier, you're right about this 100%. You know, as much as we like to hate on Susan Collins in Maine, she's probably the best Senate candidate— a senator, right— that we can get as Republicans out of Maine. Yeah, she's basically a blue Republican. She's a rhino. But it's a, you know, it's really a purple bluish state. So yeah, I'm gonna support Collins over Plattner, the guy with the SS tattoo. Uh, who, by the way, a bunch of stuff just released on him. He is a bad, bad, bad candidate. No, we're gonna get Susan Collins reelected, uh, and, uh, and deal with it. But, but in Texas, there's no excuse to have a guy like Cornyn. Same like Bill Cassidy, right, in Louisiana. That— there's no excuse for any of that. Sam Rojowski, be right back. Don't go anywhere. More of the What's Right Show after this.

[20:05] **Speaker E:** The Sam and Ash team, they wanted me to have the best care. They had my interest at heart. I have an enormous amount of gratitude. I cannot say enough thank you.

[20:20] **Speaker A:** Folks, get into an accident accident, injury, something happens, don't go at it alone. Uh, recently, uh, signed, uh, this is a horrific case here at Sam Ash Injury Law. Uh, a woman is on an e-bike, not wearing a helmet, riding down the street, retired, living the American dream, her and her husband. All of a sudden, a car blows through a stop sign. Okay, you can imagine what happens. Blows for us. I don't know what— I don't know what the other driver was doing. We're gonna figure it out. There's an open criminal investigation because she passed away, and there's a lot to deal with. And the family is so smart that they called us right away. Medical bills are stacking up, how to handle those with the estate. There's, you know, literally hundreds of thousands of medical bills that are coming that could wipe out the estate. We are going to get those reduced way, way, way down. There are things that a lawyer can do for you that you simply don't know how to do, can't do. GPT, ChatGPT can't do it for you. You, you, you need actual real bricks and mortar, honest to goodness legal representation. Salmon Ash Injury Law is the firm to trust. 800-304-2000. 1-800-304-2000. Sam and Ash Injury Law, because you deserve what's right. All right, you know, Robbie and I talking here during the break, and of course here on the What's Right Show, this is one of the joys I have is, is, is, is talking to my good friend Robbie, and we're, we're raising a great point about how nonsensical this whole anti-Zionist— well, I'm only anti-Zionist. See, I'm not anti-Jew. I didn't say Jew, I said Zionism. Now, does anybody actually— what is that, by the way? Zionism was a movement that bore the state of Israel. It settled history, borders defended, right? That's kind of what, you know, national sovereignty is, is when you defend your borders, uh, wink wink at France, Germany, the US under Joe Biden, Spain, Italy, etc. Countries that don't protect their borders cease to be countries. Israel claimed its— if you think it's its birthright, whatever— claimed territory, founded a state, whole history there, and has defended it successfully since its inception. All right, now it's, it's, it's settled. Okay, I, I don't know. The Czech Republic, uh, Robbie, where my parents are from, is technically a newer country formed in the early '90s than Israel. Nobody goes, well, I, you know, I'm not, I'm not against Czech people per se, but I'm anti-Czech Republicism. What? You— well, I don't believe that the US deserves to live. It's— by the way, side note, if you— there are people, most of them exist in, you know, publicly funded universities and the unemployment line. That think America shouldn't exist, that America stole land from, from, you know, the Native Americans and that we are on stolen land. The crossover, the Venn diagram, people that believe that, that, you know, that are against Zionism and think that Israel should be wiped from the face of the earth and that America should be wiped from the face is, is like 100%, right? Complete total overlap. And That's where Massey is just a retard. Like, he's smart, right? Didn't he go to MIT? Doesn't he understand that this nonsense, this babbling about, about anti-Zionism, actually validates, you know, arguments for— and it's part of the same argument— that a reason why America, 250 years in, this year, thank you very much, celebrating a big birthday, that America doesn't have a right to exist either. How far back should we go? And who decides how far back you should go? It's peak deconstruction, right? Nothing's real, nothing's mattered, nothing matters, but we're gonna— we are going to literally reorganize the world in order to cause a revolution. To me, Massie's no better with the stupid arguments than a communist, right? So, um, so all this, all this stuff to me is, is extremely dangerous. And, um, and, you know, and, and just need to be, need to be aware of it. Um, yeah, and, and it's, it like, uh, to me, I, I don't know, fundamentally America's not an open issue, right? Hey, you know what, we fought some We fought the Mexicans. You know, who was it? Was it Pancho Villa? Whose leg did we get? Stole his leg. Mexicans are still pissed about that. Give us the leg back. Whose leg? I always forget this. Who was it? Santa Anna's leg or Pancho Villa's leg that we took? I'm just telling you, you talk to Mexicans about this issue, it's touchy. But, you know, here, you know, we got land, we settled. Bought Louisiana from the French. Thank you very much. Maybe the French want it back. You know, I don't know if you're, if you're, if you're believing in Zionism. The whole thing is just, it's ridiculously absurd. It's the same people that believe in open borders, that believe that the West ought to get flooded by all sorts of migrants from all around the world, invaded, right? Our territory invaded. Our sovereignty ceded, given up to these people that then sit around and go, well, Israel doesn't have a right to exist. My God, they're on stolen land. Ditto America. Poor Indians, right? And I, you know, I always, I always forget to talk about this. This is why I am so unbelievably bothered, Robbie, when they do the, the, the land acknowledgments. Uh, we're gathered here today, uh, we're go— before we get started with our, uh, conference on transgender gerbils, uh, here at, uh, UNLV, we'd like to just mention briefly the, uh, Shoshone Indians and the, uh, the Wamash and the, the, the Pikachu, uh, tribe, uh, for their, you know, uh, uh, uh, you know, I'm sitting there, I'm going What the flip? I always, by the way, I always deliberately like groan, like audibly groan. I was like, grrr. And it gets the room quiet. I'm like, oh, sorry, stomach upset. Well, right, because you keep saying that the land belongs to somebody else. Look what happened in Canada. You keep saying it. This is the lawyer in me, you know. If I come up to you, I said, you know what, my car is actually your car. Or my house, my, you know, my house belongs to you. I mean, you go, you're right. It does. Offer and acceptance. I mean, yeah, I guess you could make a rational basis, an argument there for that being, that being a statement against interest and admissible in court that you're not the rightful owner of whatever you're, you know, that the property in question is. Yeah, that's— by the way, that's what happened in Canada in that town. We covered that story. Wild stuff. So anyway, this is, this is what's going on. By the way, uh, in LA, Spencer Pratt, my goodness, he is running some of the best political ads on the planet. Let me tell you something about this. There is a new era right now in political advertising and the way political campaigns are run, and You're going to see in this 2026 cycle, as the general election heats up at the end of the summer, you're going to see a different style of campaigning. And it principally has to do with technology and money. People are not talking about this enough. The standard sort of protocol for what you'd have to do if you ran for Congress, by the way, used to be you have to raise about $1 million, $2 million, $3 million. To run for Congress. Now it's $40, okay, depending on the district, plus or minus. You raise a ton of money and then you go and you buy ads. You go and you buy basically, you know, goofy, you know, ads that air on TV and you're paying your campaign consultant a ton of money who gets, by the way, gets a cut of every ad that you place, right? 10%, 15%, whatever it is. It's a giant money-making racket for the political consultants. And this happens on the Republican side, happens on the Democrat side. Okay. Now enter the world of AI and being able to whip up quickly a pithy ad and then enter the world, combine that with the world of social media where you can deploy that and more people will see it on TikTok, on Instagram, on X, formerly known as Twitter. @What's Right, Sam, by the way, is where you can find me. Okay, more people will find you there than they will on cable or on, you know, Channel 5. I hate to break it to you, there are more eyeballs online, and if an ad is good enough, it will go viral and for almost zero cost. I'm talking for hundreds of dollars. A million people see you. You want to— well, I'm just telling you that the whole consultancy class is getting blown out of the water. Everything is different now. And okay, let's give you an example. This is an AI ad. I'm gonna have a little coffee here. Pardon, pardon the interruption. It's a coffee break interruption. Pardon me, friends. Still trying to soothe this voice, by the way. Like, I'm, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. Well, Steve, yeah, uh, Spencer Pratt, LA, running against, um, two communists, uh, both of them some sort of shade of brown. It has to be noted, people of color have preference and privilege in today's, uh, left-wing society. Anyway, so Pratt has this ad, and this I think this is so far one of the most brilliant political ads I've ever seen. Now it starts— here's the first part. The first part is brilliant, and then it pivots. I'll take you the second part. Let me just— here's the first part of it. It's the house in the neighborhood barbecue race is really heating up.

[31:51] **Speaker F:** Who you guys voting for?

[31:53] **Speaker A:** 3 guys haven't decided. Drinking beer.

[31:55] **Speaker F:** Same.

[31:55] **Speaker G:** Haven't really been following it.

[31:57] **Speaker A:** Oh, same. Yeah, same, same.

[32:01] **Speaker F:** I'm not MAGA or anything, but the city's kind of gone to shit though, right? Oh yeah, Jessica stepped on a needle at the playground the other day. I'm not MAGA or anything though.

[32:12] **Speaker G:** I'm not MAGA or anything, but have you been downtown lately? Looks like an episode of The Walking Dead. Not that I'm MAGA or anything though.

[32:20] **Speaker F:** Spencer Pratt seems like he has some good ideas. Not that I'm MAGA or anything. He does seem really angry all the time though.

[32:27] **Speaker G:** Well, they did burn his house down.

[32:32] **Speaker F:** Also, apparently he's staying at the Bel Air Hotel, not the trailer on his property.

[32:36] **Speaker G:** Well, yeah, they burned his house down.

[32:40] **Speaker F:** Okay, we're all adults here. How about on 3 we just say who we're voting for? 1, 2, 3. Spencer Pratt.

[32:47] **Speaker G:** Yeah. Spencer Pratt.

[32:50] **Speaker F:** Spencer Pratt. Can you imagine if our wives knew?

[33:00] **Speaker A:** And 3 guys barbecue. By the way, the thing— you are not alone. That's the banner that then comes up at the end. Vote Spencer Pratt. You are not alone. Now, listen, this conversation— and remember, I am Nevada's favorite recovering Californian. I know California like the back of my hand. I know these LA people. I am telling you, this exact conversation is playing. Well, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not MAGA. I don't know, I haven't really been following the race. Meanwhile, they're like, I'm voting for a freaking A. I'm voting for this guy, right? Well, I don't know. Okay, okay, count of 3. Okay, you just— okay, Spencer Pratt. Okay, we're all doing it. God, I hope our wives— you know, what do our wives think? Well, then brilliantly it cuts to these 3 attractive women sitting on a couch talking, and this is how the— this is how the commercial ends.

[33:53] **Speaker C:** We're all voting for Spencer Pratt, right? Of course.

[33:56] **Speaker F:** Obviously.

[33:57] **Speaker C:** I wish I could vote like yesterday. Wow.

[34:03] **Speaker A:** This is so dang good. I'm excited about this. This is— and it's all done. This is all AI generated, and you can tell it's AI generated, right? It's not like trying to hide it, and it, it brilliantly hits all of the best and important points, right? Because everybody's like, I don't know about a Republican, I don't know about a MAGA Republican, my guy, he seems kind of angry. Well, yeah, but, uh, my My wife did step on a needle. Yeah, but they did burn his house down. Well, yeah, and he lives at the Bel Air Hotel. Yeah, because they burned his house down. It literally refutes all the negative stuff that's coming at him and at the same time supports a very simple message of his candidacy, right? Meanwhile, the incumbent mayor of LA gave this stunning interview. To CNN. Even CNN, I think, is struggling to cover for her, um, asking some tough questions. Democrats never know how to answer this, so they just doubled down on pretending that we are all ignorant of reality.

[35:17] **Speaker B:** When you talk to Jake Tapper in 2023, you said that your goal was to end street homelessness in LA by 2026. It's now 2026 and we haven't ended it. We have ended it and we're not close to ending it. How were you so off?

[35:32] **Speaker E:** Well, uh, basically when I said that, it was at the beginning of my term. I am very committed to achieving that goal. I didn't anticipate some of the bureaucratic barriers that I would experience, but I am prepared to take those on now. And we have got to have a commitment that this has to end. The city and the county never made that commitment before, And I found something that surprised me. I found a lot of people who work internal in this system who were very resistant to ending street homelessness.

[36:06] **Speaker B:** But you promised that it would go away 100%, and it's only gone down about 17.6%. Right. So why should people trust you that you're going to be able to get to the 100%?

[36:17] **Speaker E:** Because let me just tell you, for the first time we've had a decrease at all. There was not a decrease before at all because there was no commitment to get rid of street encampments. And we had encampments all over the city. So I would ask for people's trust in the sense that we have absolutely made progress. We know what we need to do now to end street homelessness. We need to end the failed policies of the past.

[36:45] **Speaker A:** Yeah. Uh, I don't know, like, imagine you hire a contractor to go build you a deck, and the contractor, uh, it comes back to you after, after 4 months of building, and it's not done. It's nowhere close to being done. There's just, you know, maybe one footing that's been poured, and he says, well, I just, you know, I— we're working really hard on it, Sam. We're working really hard. We found that there were some some people that were, uh, uh, uh, uh, not willing to, to, to work. Couldn't find any people to work. We couldn't get the— I mean, there's nowhere in the real world does this, does this, does this kind of an excuse, uh, carry water. Um, and, and, and it's just, there's, there's no expl— by the way, the most honest thing she says in this is that there are people, uh, embedded within the very, uh, the within the very, uh, system of, of homelessness initiatives that don't want to see the problem solved, right? That's the, that's the, she says the quiet part out loud, and, and because she's so caught off, you know, off, off guard by CNN reporter calling her out on this, right? These people are used to softballs. Um, Yeah, I, I, I look, I, um, I, I, I leave it at that. All right, people are complete and utter clowns. I hope Spencer Pratt, uh, wins, uh, by a mile. Uh, by the way, some updates here from San Diego. I, I, I don't know what to make of this. There's been some reports, I'm just telling you it's not verified, uh, that the two shooters apparently had some I guess maybe potentially were trans. I don't know. I'm not, I'm not going to say that this is, this is anything real, but I will say there's a lot of TikTok videos of one of the shooters that have come out. Keep your kids off of TikTok for the love of everything that's good. There's a video of him slicing at his wrists allegedly and doing kind of like a glorification of suicide. Social media is not, is not for kids. It's not for teens. It really isn't. They spiral on there. Um, the whole thing, the more I find out about it, the sadder it is. And again, Republicans not glorifying any of this and roundly, roundly rejecting this. Barney Frank, uh, who is a— was a longtime openly gay member of Congress, uh, died, uh, yesterday at 86 years old. Want to mention that I didn't get to it yesterday. Because of course it happened just after we recorded. And, and, you know, part— yeah, remember Dodd-Frank? Remember that bank legislation? Too big to fail. Oh boy. So yeah, he was the author of that. Barney Frank was openly gay back when it wasn't cool. I have to say that, right? The guy won again and again and again. And by the way, One of his last parting messages as a public commentator before he passed away was, boy, Democrat Party seems to have really lost its way. Hard to recognize the state of the party for essentially what was a very popular Clinton Democrat. So I guess that is important to remember. All right, folks, gotta run. Sam Rochovsky here behind the What's Right microphone. I'll see you tomorrow, Friday. Almost there.
