# Ep 42 - Love Stamford, Identity Comedy, Spencer Pratt, Celebrity MMA

**Show:** Dye Hard
**Date Published:** 2026-05-29
**Date Found:** 2026-05-29
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/ep-42-love-stamford-identity-comedy-spencer-pratt-celebrity-mma--72216640?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 46 minutes

## Summary

This 46-minute episode of Dye Hard mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Dye Hard

## Key Moment

> "Yeah, they're both Philly guys. They've ridden in cars to like road gigs forever. Like they've been friends for over 20-something years. That's why Big Jay was asked to be a part of the roast. And he's— Big Jay is also famous and good and funny. And, and so that's the other reason he was invited. But he was invited because Kim and Kev are real friends. Now, whether it was just an error or not, DL Hughley did put an image of Big Jay Oakerson in the Instagram reel or whatever it was, and then a picture of Shane, and then a picture of Tony Hinchcliffe, and then was yammering about Nazis and how they're Nazis. Of course Big Jay is going to be offended by that. Fuck you, don't call anyone a Nazi. Now, you might— his— DL's argument might be like, oh, well, I've never even heard of Big Jay. Um, you know, and he's trying to do like a Katt Williams thing where he's like, I don't know who he is, but I mean, I know that I look better than him and I know he's fat, right? He's making all this— he's trying to do like a Katt Williams deflection. Yeah, but he's not as good as Katt Williams or funny as Katt Williams, so it's kind of like a little bit of a reach. But, uh, anyways, now DL Hughley's argument might be like, well, I've never even heard of Big J. I was saying it about Tony and, uh, Tony Hinchcliffe. Well, guess what, dude? Fuck you. To call someone a Nazi— listen, Tony clearly isn't like— me and Tony don't hang out on the weekends. I'm not— if you want to make fun of Tony Hinchcliffe, make fun of Tony Hinchcliffe all you want. But to call him a Nazi and say that he went to Nazi rallies is just so inappropriate. I wish you could sue someone for that type of allegation. I wish that Tony Inchcliffe could literally press charges against D.L. Hughley and be like, "Hey man, you can't call me a Nazi." When you go around calling people Nazis and mislabeling things like that, that's a fucking huge allegation. I don't want to be called names I'm not, especially something as extreme as a Nazi. Do we not know what a Nazi is? Have we lost the definition of what a Nazi— Nazis were people who had hearts full of hate, or at least pretended to for their job, and then put people in murder showers and in camps and gas chambers. That's a big difference than somebody who's just a little conservative and thinks people shouldn't be homeless and that you can't think you're a different gender. There's a big difference between those things. And so to call Shane Gillis or Tony Inchcliffe, or by association Big Jay, Nazis, fuck you. That's crazy. You could— I would be offended if they said it about anyone, even if I don't like them. You can't call someone these kind of names. Like, like, I don't— I just don't understand how people can't get their mind around that, that it's inappropriate to label someone something like a fascist or a Nazi or a bigot or a homophobe or whatever, and it's all because of jokes? You think that Tony Inchcliffe and Shane Gillis or any of these guys are somehow racist because of jokes? I'm sorry, how do you get to that conclusion? DL Hughley's like, "Oh, if you're gonna do the voice and you do all this stuff, that's racist." Listen, bro, you have a long history of stand-up comedy that's all over the internet. I could find a YouTube clip of you right now where you're doing the Asian voice and doing really In— funny? You're doing funny jokes. I was gonna say insensitive, but jokes most of the time are insensitive. You're doing jokes about other races and oversimplifying the accent and doing those kind of things. And you don't hear us calling you racist. You don't hear us going, "Oh, you piece of shit. You're doing racial humor." Or are the rules that you're allowed to just 'cause you're a black comic? Are the rules that black comics can say whatever they want and now you're a little jealous? That other comics from other groups are just saying whatever the hell they want for humor? Is that what this is? Are you going, "Hey, we're the ones that just get to do whatever we want when it comes to racial things or political things." Also, Chelsea Handler acting like she's somehow the moderator on what people can and can't joke about is egregious. Chelsea Handler, every single night on cable television, pushed the limits of what was and was not appropriate. In fact, she hired a Hispanic little person just so she could make a bunch of dumb jokes suggesting that she basically treats little people like pets. You know, every joke was some condescending thing about how like, oh, she's just obsessed with little people. So like in a degrading way, it was very much like, oh yeah, I let them sleep at my— the foot of my bed. She— so she hired a little person just so she could make a bunch of little person jokes. She did a ton of racial material. Why is she now pretending to be some high routed. Oh, I'm the, I'm the, I'm the arbiter of what is and isn't to be said. Fuck you. That's insane. It's crazy that you're the one that's taking this on, which just shows how more delusional the left has kind of become, that she believes anybody who is conservative is somehow a terrible person, and that because she's not on the, on the conservative side and she's all about abortion and she's all about like, kids are stupid and I live a free life and I love money and blah blah blah, that somehow she is, uh, she, she's so progressive that she must be without criticism. You can't criticize her, she's so progressive. Um, it's, it's really strange and not a good thing. You drumming this up is, is not, it's not a good look for stand-up comedy. I, I think we should be able to just joke about whatever the fuck we want to joke about. It doesn't make you racist because you do racial material. Otherwise, then I guess we're gonna have to go into the archives, look up all these comics, go, oh wow, I can't believe Dave Chappelle talked like that in his last special. Dave Chappelle has a bit where he says now he, he acts like a rich white guy, and when he's in Ohio, people come to him for apartments, and he, he says, oh, I don't know if I can do that. He's basically— the whole bit, the whole premise of the bit is that Dave, uh, is this Black guy who basically owns all of Ohio, and they all come to him and he's acting like a rich white guy. Well, okay, that's racist. Shame on you, Dave. We gotta cancel Dave Chappelle. That is racist what he's doing. Like, if you're gonna play that game, you could just do it with anyone's material. And then what? Now we're all just Nate Bargatze? Now we're all Brian Regan? Now we're all, uh, Jim Gaffigan? Now we all can only joke about Pop-Tarts? We can only joke about Hot Pockets because all those other things would make a group— and that would hurt a group's feelings. Or should we just be comedians and letting it rip about whatever we think we can get away with? Pushing the limit, trying to push the boundary, trying to flirt with the edge of what is and isn't appropriate and what is and isn't funny. That's the whole point of stand-up. I never shut the fuck up about this subject because I do it every night. It's all I have and it's what I love most. But we can't lose sight of like, wait a minute, he can't talk like that. Look at his hair. He can't talk like that. He only has sex with women. He can't talk like this. So it's so stupid. And then also it's even more laughable that the people that are in charge of it is Chelsea Handler and D.L. Hughley. Get the fuck out of here. It's a joke. Speaking of political issues, this Spencer Pratt guy, I mean, he keeps coming up. Here's the thing, people that hate Spencer Pratt because now he's in the political race and they're saying he's like a little conservative, a little Republican guy, baby Trump, or all this different stuff. And here's the thing, I get anyone's skepticism about Spencer Pratt. He's never been in politics. What if he gets the job, he has no idea what he's doing? That makes total sense. Also, how do we know he's not corrupt? We don't know. Maybe he'll get that money and not do anything with it, or maybe he'll steal it, or maybe— we don't know. Here, that's— that's— that's— that's— you're 100% right to do that, to say, I don't know if this guy could do good with this thing. But the things he's talking about, if you were to give him the benefit of the doubt, How could you disagree with that? He wants to make sure that the fucking parks and the streets aren't full of homeless people. I would think that'd be a positive thing. You think you'd agree with that? You think that you'd want to get these people permits so they can rebuild their houses as they were promised when the fires first took out their houses? He's talking about a lot of things that make sense and that are good. There's a lot of dogs that are mistreated on Skid Row, a lot of homeless pets. Pit bulls that are like getting needle injections and all this different shit, treated bad, malnourished, not eat, and he wants to fix that. These are all problems that I think are something I'd vote for. Now, do I know if Spencer Pratt could do it or not? No. But why, why are you so fine with what's happening in LA? My estimation is that a lot of people just think anything bad that they see around them, whether it's the price of food, the price of gas, whether it's traffic, no matter what the situation is that they see that they think this is terrible, the economy is so bad, there's all these homeless people, they think it's a money thing. They just blame it on Trump. They go, it must be the current state of America. It's the president. They don't even look locally. They couldn't possibly criticize Karen Bass or Gavin Newsom. Gavin Newsom and Karen Bass are doing their best under the Trump administration. But like, you should probably, you know, you should probably criticize local government. That like, because you don't see this many homeless people when you go to, you know, Dallas, Texas. They don't have the same homeless problem that like Los Angeles, California has. So that's the reason I'm, I'm rooting for Spencer Pratt is because he's at least talking about it and addressing these things instead of ignoring it. Now, one of the things he said recently, which is the whole reason I brought this up, he said, listen, these people— he's talking about homeless people— have been bussed in by scam rehabs, scam NGOs, and scam homeless nonprofits. He's saying that the homeless people are not only victims of bad decisions and life situations and drugs and, and whatever, but they're also victims of rehab NGOs and nonprofits who are shaving money off, like they're creating scam things, which is exactly what Nick Shirley found out in Minneapolis when it came to like all those learning centers and all these daycares. It's like there's scams. Now there's also a lot of scams in nonprofits and NGOs, and I guess rehabs is what he's alleging here. Now we should look into that. Are they just basically taking money because they're like, perfect, for every homeless bed we gotta buy, we get $100 grand? And then that, that's just, that's one homeless person. Who knows if they're even gonna show up to the bed, and they're just shaving the money and putting it in their pockets. We should look into that. Why are we just trusting it and saying, well, that's, hey, how dare you look into the books of a nonprofit or an NGO rehab? I say look into the books. I'd like to get to the bottom of that. I think that's great. Then he said, next, these people again Once I unplug them from the scam NGOs, the scam homeless nonprofits, and the scam rehabs, they're all going to Seattle where the mayor will welcome them. Now this is like a cheeky smartass response basically saying, hey, I'll get all the homeless people out of California and I'll send them up to Seattle since the mayor seems to love homeless people so much. And as obviously he's making a wisecrack, but you start to think about it and it's like, yeah, What if we just moved all the homeless people to San Francisco or Portland or Seattle, Washington, or, you know, Toronto or wherever the heck these like really, really over-the-top homeless areas are, and then be like, what's the problem? You love homeless people. I don't see the issue, right? You, you like homeless people. You seem to be like this at their— oh, leave them alone, let them do it, it's their rights. Then go let them do it in your town. And then watch how fast you go, shit, maybe these conservatives who, you know, had the better interest of these homeless people, wanting them to be in homes, maybe they were right. So he made a silly joke and I was like, no, I agree. I think I agree with his silly joke. Ship them out. Get some buses, some clean sanitized buses, put the homeless in it and take them to a different place where people seem to be so supportive of guys jerking off on the street and freebasing heroin into their pit bulls. Like, like, go ahead, move them out, you deal with it, because we're saying we don't want to deal with it. It's scary. Just this morning at my coffee shop, a crazy homeless lady came in barefoot and started like such a weird ruckus verbally that they were like, all right, we got to call the police. So they call the police, they're on hold for 20 minutes. This happened this morning. While they're on hold with the police, just trying to get the cops to come down, everyone in the coffee shop is like, starts to leave or starts to like try to deal with the homeless woman. And the homeless woman gets so racist in her ranting and yelling, and she also got so close and made everyone feel so uncomfortable that a guy punched her and then kicked her to the ground. And thank God the cops didn't come, 'cause that guy would go to jail. But this lady is a problem and no one knew what to do with it. That's what's happening. What happened this morning at the coffee shop is what's happening on a grand scheme of things. It's like, you don't know what to do. You're just living your own life. You've got your own problems. You just wanted to get a coffee. And now this problem has found its way into your universe. And you're like, do I say something? Do I help her? Do I, uh, help the coffee shop and get her out of there? Do I wait for the police and let them deal with it? Do I stay quiet about my opinions? Do I try to tell everyone, hey guys, like, let's be a little— show a little more grace? Or do we say, guys, we should all step up and do some— there's so many ways. You're torn in so many ways. And the truth is, you don't know what to do because a homeless person has 9 million problems, and you're— you trying to fix it is like looking at an engine and being like, yeah, I think I could get into like under the hood here. You don't know what you're doing. So my point is, with the homeless thing, is like, most of us don't know what to do, so we just ignore it. So I would like local politicians, I would like the government to step in and find some sort of way to deal with it so we don't have to, so that the public doesn't have to call the police, the public doesn't have to punch a lady, the public doesn't have to feel uneasy or unsafe in a park or on a street or in a coffee shop. That's all. I'm not one of these guys that thinks the government's gonna come save me. I, I'm a firm believer in capitalism. I'm a firm believer in like, work hard, do your best, have a great attitude. That's how you succeed, right? But I'm not qualified to deal with homeless lady at the coffee shop. I'm not qualified to deal with the guy waving a screwdriver around on a sidewalk in downtown Las Vegas. I'm not. And I shouldn't have to be. That's where I'd like my tax dollars to go, is fix this shit. And that's why I'm optimistic about Spencer Pratt. He could be a total bust. This guy could be a fucking loser. I don't know what's gonna happen, but at least he's talking about it and he's addressing it and he's saying, hey, I don't know the solution, but I found what, what's contributing to it is these scam rehabs and the scam NGOs and the scam homeless nonprofits. So I'm, I'm voting for that. He's going to look into that. That's a better start than anything I've heard from Karen Bass. Karen Bass just says more money, give them more money, give me more money, and then I'll give it into these things. And you just never see a change. In fact, you see the numbers grow. So if it isn't working, stop doing it. You know, if it's still broke, let's try to fix it. So anyways, that's what I'm optimistic about with Spencer. And no offense, Spencer, if you ever hear this or this gets clipped up and you catch a wind of it, I'm not trying to insult you. You don't have a political resume. It'd be like me running for office. I get people would be a little skeptical of me. I don't have, um, you know, I don't have a history to reflect, um, What were you talking about before I hopped on here?"
> — Speaker A at 16:05
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [16:05] Speaker A: "Yeah, they're both Philly guys. They've ridden in cars to like road gigs forever. Like they've been friends for over 20-something years. That's why Big Jay was asked to be a part of the roast. And he's— Big Jay is also famous and good and funny. And, and so that's the other reason he was invited. But he was invited because Kim and Kev are real friends. Now, whether it was just an error or not, DL Hughley did put an image of Big Jay Oakerson in the Instagram reel or whatever it was, and then a picture of Shane, and then a picture of Tony Hinchcliffe, and then was yammering about Nazis and how they're Nazis. Of course Big Jay is going to be offended by that. Fuck you, don't call anyone a Nazi. Now, you might— his— DL's argument might be like, oh, well, I've never even heard of Big Jay. Um, you know, and he's trying to do like a Katt Williams thing where he's like, I don't know who he is, but I mean, I know that I look better than him and I know he's fat, right? He's making all this— he's trying to do like a Katt Williams deflection. Yeah, but he's not as good as Katt Williams or funny as Katt Williams, so it's kind of like a little bit of a reach. But, uh, anyways, now DL Hughley's argument might be like, well, I've never even heard of Big J. I was saying it about Tony and, uh, Tony Hinchcliffe. Well, guess what, dude? Fuck you. To call someone a Nazi— listen, Tony clearly isn't like— me and Tony don't hang out on the weekends. I'm not— if you want to make fun of Tony Hinchcliffe, make fun of Tony Hinchcliffe all you want. But to call him a Nazi and say that he went to Nazi rallies is just so inappropriate. I wish you could sue someone for that type of allegation. I wish that Tony Inchcliffe could literally press charges against D.L. Hughley and be like, "Hey man, you can't call me a Nazi." When you go around calling people Nazis and mislabeling things like that, that's a fucking huge allegation. I don't want to be called names I'm not, especially something as extreme as a Nazi. Do we not know what a Nazi is? Have we lost the definition of what a Nazi— Nazis were people who had hearts full of hate, or at least pretended to for their job, and then put people in murder showers and in camps and gas chambers. That's a big difference than somebody who's just a little conservative and thinks people shouldn't be homeless and that you can't think you're a different gender. There's a big difference between those things. And so to call Shane Gillis or Tony Inchcliffe, or by association Big Jay, Nazis, fuck you. That's crazy. You could— I would be offended if they said it about anyone, even if I don't like them. You can't call someone these kind of names. Like, like, I don't— I just don't understand how people can't get their mind around that, that it's inappropriate to label someone something like a fascist or a Nazi or a bigot or a homophobe or whatever, and it's all because of jokes? You think that Tony Inchcliffe and Shane Gillis or any of these guys are somehow racist because of jokes? I'm sorry, how do you get to that conclusion? DL Hughley's like, "Oh, if you're gonna do the voice and you do all this stuff, that's racist." Listen, bro, you have a long history of stand-up comedy that's all over the internet. I could find a YouTube clip of you right now where you're doing the Asian voice and doing really In— funny? You're doing funny jokes. I was gonna say insensitive, but jokes most of the time are insensitive. You're doing jokes about other races and oversimplifying the accent and doing those kind of things. And you don't hear us calling you racist. You don't hear us going, "Oh, you piece of shit. You're doing racial humor." Or are the rules that you're allowed to just 'cause you're a black comic? Are the rules that black comics can say whatever they want and now you're a little jealous? That other comics from other groups are just saying whatever the hell they want for humor? Is that what this is? Are you going, "Hey, we're the ones that just get to do whatever we want when it comes to racial things or political things." Also, Chelsea Handler acting like she's somehow the moderator on what people can and can't joke about is egregious. Chelsea Handler, every single night on cable television, pushed the limits of what was and was not appropriate. In fact, she hired a Hispanic little person just so she could make a bunch of dumb jokes suggesting that she basically treats little people like pets. You know, every joke was some condescending thing about how like, oh, she's just obsessed with little people. So like in a degrading way, it was very much like, oh yeah, I let them sleep at my— the foot of my bed. She— so she hired a little person just so she could make a bunch of little person jokes. She did a ton of racial material. Why is she now pretending to be some high routed. Oh, I'm the, I'm the, I'm the arbiter of what is and isn't to be said. Fuck you. That's insane. It's crazy that you're the one that's taking this on, which just shows how more delusional the left has kind of become, that she believes anybody who is conservative is somehow a terrible person, and that because she's not on the, on the conservative side and she's all about abortion and she's all about like, kids are stupid and I live a free life and I love money and blah blah blah, that somehow she is, uh, she, she's so progressive that she must be without criticism. You can't criticize her, she's so progressive. Um, it's, it's really strange and not a good thing. You drumming this up is, is not, it's not a good look for stand-up comedy. I, I think we should be able to just joke about whatever the fuck we want to joke about. It doesn't make you racist because you do racial material. Otherwise, then I guess we're gonna have to go into the archives, look up all these comics, go, oh wow, I can't believe Dave Chappelle talked like that in his last special. Dave Chappelle has a bit where he says now he, he acts like a rich white guy, and when he's in Ohio, people come to him for apartments, and he, he says, oh, I don't know if I can do that. He's basically— the whole bit, the whole premise of the bit is that Dave, uh, is this Black guy who basically owns all of Ohio, and they all come to him and he's acting like a rich white guy. Well, okay, that's racist. Shame on you, Dave. We gotta cancel Dave Chappelle. That is racist what he's doing. Like, if you're gonna play that game, you could just do it with anyone's material. And then what? Now we're all just Nate Bargatze? Now we're all Brian Regan? Now we're all, uh, Jim Gaffigan? Now we all can only joke about Pop-Tarts? We can only joke about Hot Pockets because all those other things would make a group— and that would hurt a group's feelings. Or should we just be comedians and letting it rip about whatever we think we can get away with? Pushing the limit, trying to push the boundary, trying to flirt with the edge of what is and isn't appropriate and what is and isn't funny. That's the whole point of stand-up. I never shut the fuck up about this subject because I do it every night. It's all I have and it's what I love most. But we can't lose sight of like, wait a minute, he can't talk like that. Look at his hair. He can't talk like that. He only has sex with women. He can't talk like this. So it's so stupid. And then also it's even more laughable that the people that are in charge of it is Chelsea Handler and D.L. Hughley. Get the fuck out of here. It's a joke. Speaking of political issues, this Spencer Pratt guy, I mean, he keeps coming up. Here's the thing, people that hate Spencer Pratt because now he's in the political race and they're saying he's like a little conservative, a little Republican guy, baby Trump, or all this different stuff. And here's the thing, I get anyone's skepticism about Spencer Pratt. He's never been in politics. What if he gets the job, he has no idea what he's doing? That makes total sense. Also, how do we know he's not corrupt? We don't know. Maybe he'll get that money and not do anything with it, or maybe he'll steal it, or maybe— we don't know. Here, that's— that's— that's— that's— you're 100% right to do that, to say, I don't know if this guy could do good with this thing. But the things he's talking about, if you were to give him the benefit of the doubt, How could you disagree with that? He wants to make sure that the fucking parks and the streets aren't full of homeless people. I would think that'd be a positive thing. You think you'd agree with that? You think that you'd want to get these people permits so they can rebuild their houses as they were promised when the fires first took out their houses? He's talking about a lot of things that make sense and that are good. There's a lot of dogs that are mistreated on Skid Row, a lot of homeless pets. Pit bulls that are like getting needle injections and all this different shit, treated bad, malnourished, not eat, and he wants to fix that. These are all problems that I think are something I'd vote for. Now, do I know if Spencer Pratt could do it or not? No. But why, why are you so fine with what's happening in LA? My estimation is that a lot of people just think anything bad that they see around them, whether it's the price of food, the price of gas, whether it's traffic, no matter what the situation is that they see that they think this is terrible, the economy is so bad, there's all these homeless people, they think it's a money thing. They just blame it on Trump. They go, it must be the current state of America. It's the president. They don't even look locally. They couldn't possibly criticize Karen Bass or Gavin Newsom. Gavin Newsom and Karen Bass are doing their best under the Trump administration. But like, you should probably, you know, you should probably criticize local government. That like, because you don't see this many homeless people when you go to, you know, Dallas, Texas. They don't have the same homeless problem that like Los Angeles, California has. So that's the reason I'm, I'm rooting for Spencer Pratt is because he's at least talking about it and addressing these things instead of ignoring it. Now, one of the things he said recently, which is the whole reason I brought this up, he said, listen, these people— he's talking about homeless people— have been bussed in by scam rehabs, scam NGOs, and scam homeless nonprofits. He's saying that the homeless people are not only victims of bad decisions and life situations and drugs and, and whatever, but they're also victims of rehab NGOs and nonprofits who are shaving money off, like they're creating scam things, which is exactly what Nick Shirley found out in Minneapolis when it came to like all those learning centers and all these daycares. It's like there's scams. Now there's also a lot of scams in nonprofits and NGOs, and I guess rehabs is what he's alleging here. Now we should look into that. Are they just basically taking money because they're like, perfect, for every homeless bed we gotta buy, we get $100 grand? And then that, that's just, that's one homeless person. Who knows if they're even gonna show up to the bed, and they're just shaving the money and putting it in their pockets. We should look into that. Why are we just trusting it and saying, well, that's, hey, how dare you look into the books of a nonprofit or an NGO rehab? I say look into the books. I'd like to get to the bottom of that. I think that's great. Then he said, next, these people again Once I unplug them from the scam NGOs, the scam homeless nonprofits, and the scam rehabs, they're all going to Seattle where the mayor will welcome them. Now this is like a cheeky smartass response basically saying, hey, I'll get all the homeless people out of California and I'll send them up to Seattle since the mayor seems to love homeless people so much. And as obviously he's making a wisecrack, but you start to think about it and it's like, yeah, What if we just moved all the homeless people to San Francisco or Portland or Seattle, Washington, or, you know, Toronto or wherever the heck these like really, really over-the-top homeless areas are, and then be like, what's the problem? You love homeless people. I don't see the issue, right? You, you like homeless people. You seem to be like this at their— oh, leave them alone, let them do it, it's their rights. Then go let them do it in your town. And then watch how fast you go, shit, maybe these conservatives who, you know, had the better interest of these homeless people, wanting them to be in homes, maybe they were right. So he made a silly joke and I was like, no, I agree. I think I agree with his silly joke. Ship them out. Get some buses, some clean sanitized buses, put the homeless in it and take them to a different place where people seem to be so supportive of guys jerking off on the street and freebasing heroin into their pit bulls. Like, like, go ahead, move them out, you deal with it, because we're saying we don't want to deal with it. It's scary. Just this morning at my coffee shop, a crazy homeless lady came in barefoot and started like such a weird ruckus verbally that they were like, all right, we got to call the police. So they call the police, they're on hold for 20 minutes. This happened this morning. While they're on hold with the police, just trying to get the cops to come down, everyone in the coffee shop is like, starts to leave or starts to like try to deal with the homeless woman. And the homeless woman gets so racist in her ranting and yelling, and she also got so close and made everyone feel so uncomfortable that a guy punched her and then kicked her to the ground. And thank God the cops didn't come, 'cause that guy would go to jail. But this lady is a problem and no one knew what to do with it. That's what's happening. What happened this morning at the coffee shop is what's happening on a grand scheme of things. It's like, you don't know what to do. You're just living your own life. You've got your own problems. You just wanted to get a coffee. And now this problem has found its way into your universe. And you're like, do I say something? Do I help her? Do I, uh, help the coffee shop and get her out of there? Do I wait for the police and let them deal with it? Do I stay quiet about my opinions? Do I try to tell everyone, hey guys, like, let's be a little— show a little more grace? Or do we say, guys, we should all step up and do some— there's so many ways. You're torn in so many ways. And the truth is, you don't know what to do because a homeless person has 9 million problems, and you're— you trying to fix it is like looking at an engine and being like, yeah, I think I could get into like under the hood here. You don't know what you're doing. So my point is, with the homeless thing, is like, most of us don't know what to do, so we just ignore it. So I would like local politicians, I would like the government to step in and find some sort of way to deal with it so we don't have to, so that the public doesn't have to call the police, the public doesn't have to punch a lady, the public doesn't have to feel uneasy or unsafe in a park or on a street or in a coffee shop. That's all. I'm not one of these guys that thinks the government's gonna come save me. I, I'm a firm believer in capitalism. I'm a firm believer in like, work hard, do your best, have a great attitude. That's how you succeed, right? But I'm not qualified to deal with homeless lady at the coffee shop. I'm not qualified to deal with the guy waving a screwdriver around on a sidewalk in downtown Las Vegas. I'm not. And I shouldn't have to be. That's where I'd like my tax dollars to go, is fix this shit. And that's why I'm optimistic about Spencer Pratt. He could be a total bust. This guy could be a fucking loser. I don't know what's gonna happen, but at least he's talking about it and he's addressing it and he's saying, hey, I don't know the solution, but I found what, what's contributing to it is these scam rehabs and the scam NGOs and the scam homeless nonprofits. So I'm, I'm voting for that. He's going to look into that. That's a better start than anything I've heard from Karen Bass. Karen Bass just says more money, give them more money, give me more money, and then I'll give it into these things. And you just never see a change. In fact, you see the numbers grow. So if it isn't working, stop doing it. You know, if it's still broke, let's try to fix it. So anyways, that's what I'm optimistic about with Spencer. And no offense, Spencer, if you ever hear this or this gets clipped up and you catch a wind of it, I'm not trying to insult you. You don't have a political resume. It'd be like me running for office. I get people would be a little skeptical of me. I don't have, um, you know, I don't have a history to reflect, um, What were you talking about before I hopped on here?"

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Welcome to Die Hard, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Jeff Die. Very excited to be back. Happy to be— happy to have another week with you guys. Talk about what's going on in the world. A lot of wrestling this week. Don't worry, I'm not going to talk about it. But if you want to hear me talk about it, you can go over to Wrestling with Freddie over on the My Cultura Network. It's on all the places you can get podcasts. Um, man, there was so much wrestling. We had AEW, um, their regular shows, but then also a pay-per-view. Then you had, uh, Monday Night Raw, Friday Night SmackDown, which is every week for WWE. But then you had Saturday Night Main Event, uh, which is a pay-per-view kind of thing, or a PLE as it's called. Um, so there was just a ton of wrestling this week, and if I'm going to talk about it on a podcast, I need to watch it all. So I spent a lot of time watching baseball Hope you got— baseball, a lot of time watching wrestling. Hope you guys, um, had a great Memorial Day weekend. Um, maybe you did it, did it different than I did, watching wrestling the whole weekend, and also NBA playoffs. There's so many things to be watching, so many good excuses to go to the cigar lounge, say, hey, put on the game, hey, put on my fake wrestling. So much good shit to watch. Uh, the New York Knicks have advanced. They swept the Cleveland Cavaliers, which I did not foresee happening. But what I do foresee happening is LeBron James going to that Cleveland Cavaliers team next year and them winning the championship, and then LeBron riding out on a blaze of glory.

[01:39] **Speaker B:** Will he take Bronny with him?

[01:40] **Speaker A:** I don't know, but I wouldn't mind keeping Bronny. I think Bronny will float around in the league, you know, for the next 15 years. I think he'll be one of these like middle-of-the-road guys, never like an A-list star, but never cut, never D-League'd.

[01:56] **Speaker B:** We don't talk about Seth Curry's brother because Seth Curry is Seth Curry, but he had a fine career.

[02:02] **Speaker A:** Yeah. And I think that like, I don't think like, again, everyone's on the same page. He won't be what his father was, but who is? So I think I'm, I'm very generous. I show Bronny a lot of grace. I think that's a tough reputation. It's a tough shadow to live in. Is his crazy, uniquely, incredibly athletic dad. And then also you have all the hate for LeBron for the flopping and the politics and the team jumping and all that shit. So like somehow Bronny gets made fun of for all that. It's like, why is he lumped into what his dad's reputation is? But anyway, LeBron is better than people that don't know about basketball give him credit for. But you know, so I think he'll float around. I think he'll be a regular guy like you said with Steph Curry's brother. Now I'm talking really fast, I don't know why. Um, so yeah, so I think that's what's gonna happen. I think LeBron will go over there. But we've got this year to talk about. My Lakers are out, the Sonics still don't exist yet. Uh, so I, I'm just really rooting against Oklahoma City. That's what I want. I'd have been fine if the Cavaliers would have advanced. I am fine with the New York Knicks. I'm fine with even the San Antonio Spurs. I just need these Spurs to bounce the Thunder. And if they can't do it, I need the Knicks to beat the Thunder. I am rooting for all things not Thunder, which is probably not surprising for any of you to hear. This weekend, uh, shout out to my friend Nikki. I think I say her— she says her name Herdarty. Anyways, uh, I've— you guys have heard me talk about my friends Nikki and Andrew. Well, they were with me this week in Stamford, Connecticut, along with me and Bowers. And Nikki had a birthday. She's turning the ripe age of 21, you know. So now she's all She's all legal or something. I don't really know. Uh, but happy birthday, Nikki! Uh, Stamford, Connecticut, man. Do you remember me saying, oh, ticket sales aren't good? You know what happened is it made my MAGA fans— the, the fans I have that are MAGA people— go, well, you know, Stamford's a stupid little liberal town. That's gonna be a shithole. You don't want to go there. All these different things. No disrespect to my MAGA fans. You're wrong. Stanford was awesome. What a delight. It was such a great little town. Like, there was so much going on. Um, it felt like everyone was happy to be there. It didn't feel poor, it didn't feel rich, felt real middle of the road. The way the street that we were staying on was designed made you feel like you were in Europe. Like, I really felt like I was in a different country when we were on that little strip, that main strip in Stanford. Um, went to a nice cigar lounge, had some good coffee. It's a place One coffee shop sucked. I went to one coffee shop and it was a daycare. We were in a daycare. It was advertised as a coffee shop, but there was like parents walking around with their shoes off and shit in the coffee shop for fast moms. It was very— that part I didn't like. And that coffee shop wasn't, wasn't great. But all the other coffee shops were good. Like, Scar Lounge was awesome. Shout out to that. I think the Scar Lounge was cool.

[05:19] **Speaker B:** A cigar lounge.

[05:20] **Speaker A:** That now I could do that. I could do that. Why don't they mash that up? You know, best invention since Taco Bell, Pizza Hut. Just mash them together. I like it. So that was really good. And then like, let's, let's talk about the shows. Holy shit. It was— they were all sold out. I had 4 shows. They were the hottest crowds I've had. I started thinking I was like a rock star. I felt like Chappelle up there. Everything I said, they loved. I was just so, so, so grateful. I got to meet a lot of you guys who listen to this podcast afterwards, um, whether you drove up from the city or you're just in Connecticut area. Um, my friend Janine came to the show, which was cool. I didn't get to see her afterwards or talk to her, but, uh, shout out to you. Thank you for coming, Janine. But all my Connecticut people, all my New York people coming on out made me happy. It was awesome. So the, the management of the club was awesome. I think like, I feel like he's a friend now. He was a really cool guy. The staff was great. The bartenders were awesome. Like literally every part of this weekend, I I would do every weekend. I wish I could repeat Stamford, Connecticut, the New York Comedy Club, every weekend. That's how good it was. And maybe it felt extra good because I was really dreading going into it. I wasn't excited to get there.

[06:32] **Speaker B:** I think it's a good time of year to be there too.

[06:34] **Speaker A:** Yeah, well, it did rain, uh, all of Saturday, but you're right, it was like, you know, whatever.

[06:40] **Speaker B:** Knicks fans, good weather, no snow. Yeah, no snow.

[06:44] **Speaker A:** Yeah, and it wasn't like unbearable. We were walking in the drizzle rain. Um, but man, I got some bad information about, uh, about the demographic there, and I got some bad information on the— from my team about ticket sales because ticket sales were fantastic. So anyways, not trying to, you know, say gotcha or aha, but man, Stamford, Connecticut, if you get a chance, spend a couple hours there, drive through, it's real, it's real great. Um, Yeah, what else is new? What else? What else is new? Oh, this is new. This is new, team. Identity politics has finally found its way to stand-up comedy. Holy shit.

[07:30] **Speaker B:** Never would have thought.

[07:31] **Speaker A:** No, I never would have thought. Genuinely, I'm not even being sarcastic. Like, I— here's the thing. Politics and this left-right bullshit has always creeped its head a little bit into stand-up comedy over the last decade or so. But for the most part, it was just comics. You'd watch who you'd want to watch, it was whatever. Sure, there's always been Republican, there's always been Liberal, there's always been these camps. And so, you know, naturally there'll be comedians that live in those camps somewhat, but it was just comedy. You'd watch who you like, who you don't like. It didn't have to be a big pissing match. One of the positives of modern times Uh, in my profession, is that comics are kinda cool now. I don't know if this is gonna end, or if this is, uh, whatever, but it is a new thing that's happened in the last, like, 8 years, maybe COVID times, where, like, comics are like rock stars! Celebrities are coming to see us at the Mothership and the Comedy Store and the Laugh Factory. Like, we're kind of in vogue. We're kinda cool right now. That's never happened, I assure you. Sure, Dice Clay, Steve Martin, all these guys, they would sell out arenas, so you go, well, that's— that sounds like they were pretty cool. But here's the difference, um, the everyday person only knew stand-up comics if they had reached an elite level. So like, you'd have to have like a sitcom. My parents knew Jerry Seinfeld, they knew Ray Romano, they knew Roseanne, they knew— they knew, uh, Mark Curry and Brett Butler, right? But they only knew Brett Butler from Grace Under Fire, they only knew Mark Curry from Hanging with Mr. Cooper, they only knew Ray Romano from Everybody Loves Raymond. They only knew Roseanne from Roseanne, and they only knew Jerry Seinfeld from Seinfeld. That's why they knew them, because those comics got so successful that they got development deals and they got shows. And now my parents are going, I know stand-up comics, but they couldn't name a joke. They don't know where they'd even go to see stand-up comedy. Right now we're living in an era where it's the first time we're like, people know stand-ups, they know almost the whole gamut. Hell, they know open micers if you count Kill Tony. Like, they— like, we know because the world is streaming. We have YouTube, we have Netflix, we have Hulu, we have, uh, all these things. Amazon, Apple TV, wherever you're consuming content. Stand-up comedy means you don't need to be a movie star like Steve Martin. You don't need to be, um— well, Dice Clay's an exception because he was doing a stand-up character, but people only knew him because of his TV appearances. Of his stand-up comedy and the character. Whereas like now you could just kind of put your shit up on Instagram and get well known. That's the only reason people know me. I've done a shit ton of TV, I've done The Tonight Show, I did Last Comic Standing, but the only reason people are coming to my shows and buying tickets is because they see my Instagram. My web guy, shout out to Miles, I love you buddy, like you're the reason that people come to my shows. They say, hey man, I watch all your shit, I see you every day. They're not talking about NBC. Hey, I watch your shit, I see you every day. They're not talking about Netflix. Hey bro, I watch your shit, I see you every day. They're not talking about Hulu. They see Jeff Dye on Instagram. That's, that's how they see me. So that has created this beautiful world of comics being able to reach an audience in their own way, in whatever way they'd like to censor themselves, or whatever way they would like to project or reflect what they think and what they want to look like or be. Now, because of this, you see a lot of bickering. Oh, so-and-so shouldn't even be successful yet. He's just a Kill Tony guy. So-and-so shouldn't be successful. He's just doing a character. So-and-so shouldn't be— say he's just doing crowd work. There's all this inner— interim— what's the term?

[11:23] **Speaker B:** Interim?

[11:24] **Speaker A:** I don't know what the term is. It doesn't matter. There's all this inside shit talk and bickering and opinions and podcast crosstalk and name, uh, slandering. I'm guilty of it to some extent, um, about, about comedy. Now, since the roast, enter the identity politics. What the whole reason I wanted to talk about this— Chelsea Handler agrees to do the roast. She does the roast. She does great on the roast, really. She was great. And she's super famous and she's a stand-up comedian and she's on Netflix. So naturally, yeah, go agree to do the roast of Kevin Hart. Now, for whatever reason, this roast really triggered people. And when I say people, I mean other comics. Michael Che, for no re— no reason at all, just shooting strays. I love you, Michael Che, but what are we doing? Just out of nowhere being like, "Oh man, these racist jokes were written by a bunch of white guys." Like, these— the dudes that wrote on The Roast, Mike Lawrence, Dan St. Germain, I could name, you know, a bunch of these writers, they're very, very, very talented, funny comedians who probably would have liked to have been on The Roast, but they weren't allowed. They had to just write for it. They couldn't go out there because they're not as famous as Snooki and Draymond Green and uh, The Situation and Ann Coulter and Peyton Manning and all the people that we like to just hand off jokes to at these roasts for celebrity mania. And then people go, Peyton Manning is actually really funny. Peyton Manning is actually really funny. No, the people that are funny are Jesse Joyce, Mike Lawrence, Dan St. Germain, the writers of these roasts who hand the jokes over to the famous people. Now, we've never once brought in their race or sexuality to this, we don't go, "Oh my God, let's factor all of the race and sexuality and all the political ideologies of the people who are writing." Who gives a shit? If I found out Kevin Hart's writers were all black guys, I wouldn't care. If I found out all of his writers were Vietnamese women, I wouldn't care. Why do they care that Shane Gillis's writers for the roast of Kevin Hart that he hosted were white guys. Why does that bother anyone? Who gives a shit? And also, why is Michael Che drumming this up? I don't understand why anyone would want to do that. It's not very productive, and it just creates some sort of weird race wars in a business that is supposed to be above all that. We're supposed to commentate on those kind of things, but not supposed to like bicker internally. Then after Chelsea Handler does the roast, does great on the roast, she kinda goes on a mini press tour slandering the other comics on the roast, specifically the Mothership guys and all the, the Rogan guys and all the Texas guys and all the white guys. She did Don Lemon. We covered that a little bit a couple weeks ago, talking about what she said on Don Lemon, saying that she was like, she tried to take the high road for women, and that she was like, you know, tired of what's happening. There's an epidemic of bro comedians. She's doing this like woke bullshit, which is like such fake woke because she isn't woke. She's problematic as the people she's criticizing, just as problematic. And then the next like week, I don't know how much later, she went on Dean Cole's podcast and she's saying that like You know, all these comics are racists and Nazis, and Dion Cole's just sitting there agreeing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, shame on you, Dion. Why aren't you defending the comics? Then D.L. Hughley— don't even know how he got brought into this— now he's playing identity politics, saying that nobody should be— I wouldn't even agree to do the roast if I knew there was a Nazi on it. And he was implying Tony Hinchcliffe, uh, and he said, "Oh, you know, I wouldn't even agree to do it if I knew there was a Nazi on it." And there was a Nazi on it who's been to Nazi rallies. Now, one, that's a fucking incredible allegation. He put a reel out, and whoever he— whether D.L. Hughley edits it or his producer edits it— he put a picture of White Comics. When he was calling them Nazis. One of the pictures of the comics was Big Jay Oakerson, who's known Kevin Hart since Kevin Hart was like making $200 a night.

[16:04] **Speaker B:** Both in Philly.

[16:05] **Speaker A:** Yeah, they're both Philly guys. They've ridden in cars to like road gigs forever. Like they've been friends for over 20-something years. That's why Big Jay was asked to be a part of the roast. And he's— Big Jay is also famous and good and funny. And, and so that's the other reason he was invited. But he was invited because Kim and Kev are real friends. Now, whether it was just an error or not, DL Hughley did put an image of Big Jay Oakerson in the Instagram reel or whatever it was, and then a picture of Shane, and then a picture of Tony Hinchcliffe, and then was yammering about Nazis and how they're Nazis. Of course Big Jay is going to be offended by that. Fuck you, don't call anyone a Nazi. Now, you might— his— DL's argument might be like, oh, well, I've never even heard of Big Jay. Um, you know, and he's trying to do like a Katt Williams thing where he's like, I don't know who he is, but I mean, I know that I look better than him and I know he's fat, right? He's making all this— he's trying to do like a Katt Williams deflection. Yeah, but he's not as good as Katt Williams or funny as Katt Williams, so it's kind of like a little bit of a reach. But, uh, anyways, now DL Hughley's argument might be like, well, I've never even heard of Big J. I was saying it about Tony and, uh, Tony Hinchcliffe. Well, guess what, dude? Fuck you. To call someone a Nazi— listen, Tony clearly isn't like— me and Tony don't hang out on the weekends. I'm not— if you want to make fun of Tony Hinchcliffe, make fun of Tony Hinchcliffe all you want. But to call him a Nazi and say that he went to Nazi rallies is just so inappropriate. I wish you could sue someone for that type of allegation. I wish that Tony Inchcliffe could literally press charges against D.L. Hughley and be like, "Hey man, you can't call me a Nazi." When you go around calling people Nazis and mislabeling things like that, that's a fucking huge allegation. I don't want to be called names I'm not, especially something as extreme as a Nazi. Do we not know what a Nazi is? Have we lost the definition of what a Nazi— Nazis were people who had hearts full of hate, or at least pretended to for their job, and then put people in murder showers and in camps and gas chambers. That's a big difference than somebody who's just a little conservative and thinks people shouldn't be homeless and that you can't think you're a different gender. There's a big difference between those things. And so to call Shane Gillis or Tony Inchcliffe, or by association Big Jay, Nazis, fuck you. That's crazy. You could— I would be offended if they said it about anyone, even if I don't like them. You can't call someone these kind of names. Like, like, I don't— I just don't understand how people can't get their mind around that, that it's inappropriate to label someone something like a fascist or a Nazi or a bigot or a homophobe or whatever, and it's all because of jokes? You think that Tony Inchcliffe and Shane Gillis or any of these guys are somehow racist because of jokes? I'm sorry, how do you get to that conclusion? DL Hughley's like, "Oh, if you're gonna do the voice and you do all this stuff, that's racist." Listen, bro, you have a long history of stand-up comedy that's all over the internet. I could find a YouTube clip of you right now where you're doing the Asian voice and doing really In— funny? You're doing funny jokes. I was gonna say insensitive, but jokes most of the time are insensitive. You're doing jokes about other races and oversimplifying the accent and doing those kind of things. And you don't hear us calling you racist. You don't hear us going, "Oh, you piece of shit. You're doing racial humor." Or are the rules that you're allowed to just 'cause you're a black comic? Are the rules that black comics can say whatever they want and now you're a little jealous? That other comics from other groups are just saying whatever the hell they want for humor? Is that what this is? Are you going, "Hey, we're the ones that just get to do whatever we want when it comes to racial things or political things." Also, Chelsea Handler acting like she's somehow the moderator on what people can and can't joke about is egregious. Chelsea Handler, every single night on cable television, pushed the limits of what was and was not appropriate. In fact, she hired a Hispanic little person just so she could make a bunch of dumb jokes suggesting that she basically treats little people like pets. You know, every joke was some condescending thing about how like, oh, she's just obsessed with little people. So like in a degrading way, it was very much like, oh yeah, I let them sleep at my— the foot of my bed. She— so she hired a little person just so she could make a bunch of little person jokes. She did a ton of racial material. Why is she now pretending to be some high routed. Oh, I'm the, I'm the, I'm the arbiter of what is and isn't to be said. Fuck you. That's insane. It's crazy that you're the one that's taking this on, which just shows how more delusional the left has kind of become, that she believes anybody who is conservative is somehow a terrible person, and that because she's not on the, on the conservative side and she's all about abortion and she's all about like, kids are stupid and I live a free life and I love money and blah blah blah, that somehow she is, uh, she, she's so progressive that she must be without criticism. You can't criticize her, she's so progressive. Um, it's, it's really strange and not a good thing. You drumming this up is, is not, it's not a good look for stand-up comedy. I, I think we should be able to just joke about whatever the fuck we want to joke about. It doesn't make you racist because you do racial material. Otherwise, then I guess we're gonna have to go into the archives, look up all these comics, go, oh wow, I can't believe Dave Chappelle talked like that in his last special. Dave Chappelle has a bit where he says now he, he acts like a rich white guy, and when he's in Ohio, people come to him for apartments, and he, he says, oh, I don't know if I can do that. He's basically— the whole bit, the whole premise of the bit is that Dave, uh, is this Black guy who basically owns all of Ohio, and they all come to him and he's acting like a rich white guy. Well, okay, that's racist. Shame on you, Dave. We gotta cancel Dave Chappelle. That is racist what he's doing. Like, if you're gonna play that game, you could just do it with anyone's material. And then what? Now we're all just Nate Bargatze? Now we're all Brian Regan? Now we're all, uh, Jim Gaffigan? Now we all can only joke about Pop-Tarts? We can only joke about Hot Pockets because all those other things would make a group— and that would hurt a group's feelings. Or should we just be comedians and letting it rip about whatever we think we can get away with? Pushing the limit, trying to push the boundary, trying to flirt with the edge of what is and isn't appropriate and what is and isn't funny. That's the whole point of stand-up. I never shut the fuck up about this subject because I do it every night. It's all I have and it's what I love most. But we can't lose sight of like, wait a minute, he can't talk like that. Look at his hair. He can't talk like that. He only has sex with women. He can't talk like this. So it's so stupid. And then also it's even more laughable that the people that are in charge of it is Chelsea Handler and D.L. Hughley. Get the fuck out of here. It's a joke. Speaking of political issues, this Spencer Pratt guy, I mean, he keeps coming up. Here's the thing, people that hate Spencer Pratt because now he's in the political race and they're saying he's like a little conservative, a little Republican guy, baby Trump, or all this different stuff. And here's the thing, I get anyone's skepticism about Spencer Pratt. He's never been in politics. What if he gets the job, he has no idea what he's doing? That makes total sense. Also, how do we know he's not corrupt? We don't know. Maybe he'll get that money and not do anything with it, or maybe he'll steal it, or maybe— we don't know. Here, that's— that's— that's— that's— you're 100% right to do that, to say, I don't know if this guy could do good with this thing. But the things he's talking about, if you were to give him the benefit of the doubt, How could you disagree with that? He wants to make sure that the fucking parks and the streets aren't full of homeless people. I would think that'd be a positive thing. You think you'd agree with that? You think that you'd want to get these people permits so they can rebuild their houses as they were promised when the fires first took out their houses? He's talking about a lot of things that make sense and that are good. There's a lot of dogs that are mistreated on Skid Row, a lot of homeless pets. Pit bulls that are like getting needle injections and all this different shit, treated bad, malnourished, not eat, and he wants to fix that. These are all problems that I think are something I'd vote for. Now, do I know if Spencer Pratt could do it or not? No. But why, why are you so fine with what's happening in LA? My estimation is that a lot of people just think anything bad that they see around them, whether it's the price of food, the price of gas, whether it's traffic, no matter what the situation is that they see that they think this is terrible, the economy is so bad, there's all these homeless people, they think it's a money thing. They just blame it on Trump. They go, it must be the current state of America. It's the president. They don't even look locally. They couldn't possibly criticize Karen Bass or Gavin Newsom. Gavin Newsom and Karen Bass are doing their best under the Trump administration. But like, you should probably, you know, you should probably criticize local government. That like, because you don't see this many homeless people when you go to, you know, Dallas, Texas. They don't have the same homeless problem that like Los Angeles, California has. So that's the reason I'm, I'm rooting for Spencer Pratt is because he's at least talking about it and addressing these things instead of ignoring it. Now, one of the things he said recently, which is the whole reason I brought this up, he said, listen, these people— he's talking about homeless people— have been bussed in by scam rehabs, scam NGOs, and scam homeless nonprofits. He's saying that the homeless people are not only victims of bad decisions and life situations and drugs and, and whatever, but they're also victims of rehab NGOs and nonprofits who are shaving money off, like they're creating scam things, which is exactly what Nick Shirley found out in Minneapolis when it came to like all those learning centers and all these daycares. It's like there's scams. Now there's also a lot of scams in nonprofits and NGOs, and I guess rehabs is what he's alleging here. Now we should look into that. Are they just basically taking money because they're like, perfect, for every homeless bed we gotta buy, we get $100 grand? And then that, that's just, that's one homeless person. Who knows if they're even gonna show up to the bed, and they're just shaving the money and putting it in their pockets. We should look into that. Why are we just trusting it and saying, well, that's, hey, how dare you look into the books of a nonprofit or an NGO rehab? I say look into the books. I'd like to get to the bottom of that. I think that's great. Then he said, next, these people again Once I unplug them from the scam NGOs, the scam homeless nonprofits, and the scam rehabs, they're all going to Seattle where the mayor will welcome them. Now this is like a cheeky smartass response basically saying, hey, I'll get all the homeless people out of California and I'll send them up to Seattle since the mayor seems to love homeless people so much. And as obviously he's making a wisecrack, but you start to think about it and it's like, yeah, What if we just moved all the homeless people to San Francisco or Portland or Seattle, Washington, or, you know, Toronto or wherever the heck these like really, really over-the-top homeless areas are, and then be like, what's the problem? You love homeless people. I don't see the issue, right? You, you like homeless people. You seem to be like this at their— oh, leave them alone, let them do it, it's their rights. Then go let them do it in your town. And then watch how fast you go, shit, maybe these conservatives who, you know, had the better interest of these homeless people, wanting them to be in homes, maybe they were right. So he made a silly joke and I was like, no, I agree. I think I agree with his silly joke. Ship them out. Get some buses, some clean sanitized buses, put the homeless in it and take them to a different place where people seem to be so supportive of guys jerking off on the street and freebasing heroin into their pit bulls. Like, like, go ahead, move them out, you deal with it, because we're saying we don't want to deal with it. It's scary. Just this morning at my coffee shop, a crazy homeless lady came in barefoot and started like such a weird ruckus verbally that they were like, all right, we got to call the police. So they call the police, they're on hold for 20 minutes. This happened this morning. While they're on hold with the police, just trying to get the cops to come down, everyone in the coffee shop is like, starts to leave or starts to like try to deal with the homeless woman. And the homeless woman gets so racist in her ranting and yelling, and she also got so close and made everyone feel so uncomfortable that a guy punched her and then kicked her to the ground. And thank God the cops didn't come, 'cause that guy would go to jail. But this lady is a problem and no one knew what to do with it. That's what's happening. What happened this morning at the coffee shop is what's happening on a grand scheme of things. It's like, you don't know what to do. You're just living your own life. You've got your own problems. You just wanted to get a coffee. And now this problem has found its way into your universe. And you're like, do I say something? Do I help her? Do I, uh, help the coffee shop and get her out of there? Do I wait for the police and let them deal with it? Do I stay quiet about my opinions? Do I try to tell everyone, hey guys, like, let's be a little— show a little more grace? Or do we say, guys, we should all step up and do some— there's so many ways. You're torn in so many ways. And the truth is, you don't know what to do because a homeless person has 9 million problems, and you're— you trying to fix it is like looking at an engine and being like, yeah, I think I could get into like under the hood here. You don't know what you're doing. So my point is, with the homeless thing, is like, most of us don't know what to do, so we just ignore it. So I would like local politicians, I would like the government to step in and find some sort of way to deal with it so we don't have to, so that the public doesn't have to call the police, the public doesn't have to punch a lady, the public doesn't have to feel uneasy or unsafe in a park or on a street or in a coffee shop. That's all. I'm not one of these guys that thinks the government's gonna come save me. I, I'm a firm believer in capitalism. I'm a firm believer in like, work hard, do your best, have a great attitude. That's how you succeed, right? But I'm not qualified to deal with homeless lady at the coffee shop. I'm not qualified to deal with the guy waving a screwdriver around on a sidewalk in downtown Las Vegas. I'm not. And I shouldn't have to be. That's where I'd like my tax dollars to go, is fix this shit. And that's why I'm optimistic about Spencer Pratt. He could be a total bust. This guy could be a fucking loser. I don't know what's gonna happen, but at least he's talking about it and he's addressing it and he's saying, hey, I don't know the solution, but I found what, what's contributing to it is these scam rehabs and the scam NGOs and the scam homeless nonprofits. So I'm, I'm voting for that. He's going to look into that. That's a better start than anything I've heard from Karen Bass. Karen Bass just says more money, give them more money, give me more money, and then I'll give it into these things. And you just never see a change. In fact, you see the numbers grow. So if it isn't working, stop doing it. You know, if it's still broke, let's try to fix it. So anyways, that's what I'm optimistic about with Spencer. And no offense, Spencer, if you ever hear this or this gets clipped up and you catch a wind of it, I'm not trying to insult you. You don't have a political resume. It'd be like me running for office. I get people would be a little skeptical of me. I don't have, um, you know, I don't have a history to reflect, um, What were you talking about before I hopped on here?

[33:13] **Speaker B:** Well, Spencer doesn't make it as this. He can fight in one of these brand risk fights.

[33:18] **Speaker A:** Oh yeah.

[33:18] **Speaker B:** So these guys have started a league and they're getting all sorts of random people from podcasting, from NBA, from R&B to fight each other. And it's kind of crazy what people are doing to hang on to some celebrity status and everything.

[33:35] **Speaker A:** How much do you think they're getting paid for those? Oh, I don't know, but Yeah, it's been around forever. That's— I will say that they used to see Celebrity Deathmatch, the little claymation thing on MTV. But because of those things like Celebrity Deathmatch or whatever, you've, you've seen, um, over the years, you know, Dustin Diamond fighting so-and-so, Bob Sapp fighting whatever celebrity, Tonya Harding versus so-and-so. I remember Manute Bol fought The Fridge Perry. And then this has always kind of been a thing. It never really took off. Then you had Rough and Rowdy with the Barstool guys, which is just regular people, but then some people started getting a little bit of notoriety from that. So you would see some like low-level celebrity matches.

[34:17] **Speaker B:** And I think the Paul brothers made it very famous and in vogue to do for all of these YouTubers and people because that just brings in numbers for them and keeps their name up and they can get all these brand deals.

[34:29] **Speaker A:** And yeah, well, I'm into it. I like— I've always liked a gimmick. I'm a big pro wrestling guy. So like for me, like I'm kind of their target market a little bit for this, like, wow, Frigerator Perry versus Manute Bol. The problem is it never goes good. You know, these guys don't know what they're doing. And our eyes— it's like, um, I'm sure I've said this before, maybe on an older thing, but it's like one time a guy came to film our basketball league, uh, for all the comics at a basketball league. And we had a guy come film us, and you know, we're all, you know, narcissistic, so we're like, oh man, we make a highlight reel of all of our best things. And then we watched the footage and it was so unimpressive. We looked so unimpressive because our eyes are trained to watch the Lakers and the Spurs. And you, when you're so used to watching the greatest basketball players on Earth, the fastest, best young athletes ever, your eyes are trained for that. That's what's regular to you. And so we watched us and we're like, what the fuck? And that's how I felt watching Johnny Manziel, uh, fight. Yeah, is I was like, it's not his fault. But I'm used to watching, you know, boxing or UFC.

[35:34] **Speaker B:** It looked like Big Brother, Little Brother. I'm on top.

[35:35] **Speaker A:** It was terrible. Yeah. And the spinning around and like, I don't care how long they trained, it wasn't long enough. So yeah, so Ray J got knocked out by a guy named Supa. Now this match was interesting because afterwards Ray J started like alleging that they had a script involved. Rajah was like, hey man, that's not how it's supposed to go down, and this was a big L for us, suggesting that they like lost money or something. It was like a very— I was wondering if maybe you knew more about that. I thought it was very strange.

[36:09] **Speaker B:** I don't, but that would be kind of funny if one guy thought it was going to be a staged fight and then the other guy came in.

[36:14] **Speaker A:** He knocked him out. No, that's exactly what happened. I mean, I don't know if it was a staged fight, but that's what Rajah is alleging.

[36:20] **Speaker B:** Is that also what you say if you get knocked out in front of all your fans?

[36:23] **Speaker A:** That was the other part of the comments, was people were going Yeah, but Ray J is probably just saying that because he was so embarrassed that he got knocked out. Uh, let's watch the video. I like that he knew he won before he— before Ray J even fell. Oh yeah, pretty good. Yeah. But that's what happens when you don't know what you're doing and then you get out there and, you know, like, no disrespect to Ray J, in like 20 seconds, because he's never defended being choked by somebody in his life. Super hot fire, whatever his name is, super red fireball sauce. These guys have no business being in a boxing ring. Johnny Manziel is one of the greatest college athletes that ever lived, probably has no business being in a fucking boxing ring. Bob Menry, like, like Manute Bull, Dustin Diamond, Tonya, all the people I've been naming, they have no business being in a boxing match. Uh, so it's somewhat strange. I hope they're really, really getting paid.

[37:31] **Speaker B:** But I hear those streamers and Kick people and all that with their different brands and all the stuff they partner with, because half of those brands can't advertise in other platforms and things, so they just have money to throw at these type of events and stuff.

[37:43] **Speaker A:** So Which, by the way, this episode is brought to you— that was a good bleed-in for this plug— this episode's brought to you by Plasencia cigars. If you're smoking cigars, you don't know what you're doing, or you do know what you're doing, when you walk into that humidor, all you got to do is say, hey, which will point me to the Plasencias. Um, every single one of the Plasencia products is such a high-quality, um, cigar that they're all good. Some taste different than others, so find the one you like. But holy crap, whether it's the Red Label, the Green Label, the Gray Label, the Blue Label, or the Black Label, it's all good. And then they make, you know, some, some spin-off ones that are like anniversary editions or the 101. I've never had a Placencia I didn't like. I one time had one that was too strong, and then for the rest of the time I was like, oh, I don't think I like the Black Label, it's a little too strong for me. And then I had one because they were out of Green recently, and I'm like, no, I was wrong. This is delicious. It's great. So Plasencia Cigars, thank you for sponsoring the podcast. Thank you for, for wanting to be a part of what I'm doing. And I, I hope everybody goes out and buys some Plasencias. They're a little— I will say that— a little pricey, a little, little, you know, you can't— you're not going to get one for $4 in a local smoke shop. But if you're, if you're a proper cigar smoker and you're, you're into sitting down and having a cigar, then that is, that is the That is the brand to go with. Speaking of which, I smoked cigars this week with Craig Robinson. I smoked cigars with Danielle— Danielle— Daniel Lobel, Mark Schiff, who opens for Jerry Seinfeld on the road. I don't know if Mark would want me to introduce him that way, but I thought that was impressive. You know, Mark Schiff has been doing comedy for a long time. He's a great guy, has a podcast with Daniel. But I just— I think it's so cool that he works with Jerry because I'm such a Jerry fan. Um, smoke cigars. Um, trying to think. Yeah, just with a lot of, a lot of people. Shout out to Peyton Ruddy, man. This kid is fucking killing it. If you don't know who he is, he's a comic. Um, I don't know where he's from, but he lives in New York currently. He was living in Austin. He was working at the Mothership. He's a big boy, and, uh, he's very, very funny. He's already touring. Um, he threw out a first pitch for the White Sox. He's a, um You know, he's a great stand-up comedian already, and the reason I'm saying all this is because what shocked me is he's only 25 years old. I was like, "What? You're 25 years old? You've already done all this shit?" He's crushing it, and he's very funny, but he's kind of got an old soul, you know? He's like, loves cigars, he's just sitting there chilling with me, but I made a new friend, and I think he's a really fascinating guy, but I'm also super jealous of his age. I'm almost double his age. Like, it's so crazy, but he's— I think he's going to be one of the GOATs if he stays on this path. I love him a lot. Brought up Marc Schiff. This kind of goes back to our identity politics thing from earlier. We'll circle back a little bit. Marc Schiff is a, is a great comedian who opens for Jerry Seinfeld on the road. And he was saying that while they were performing, him and Jerry, there was people protesting his shows. I said, what do you mean? He goes, yeah, they were protesting my shows because, uh, because, because we're Jewish. I said, what? Just because you're Jewish, people are protesting the shows? And he goes, yeah, they're all pissed off because, uh, you know, they're— they support Palestine and they're anti-Israel, and so they're protesting me and Jerry's show. How cooked can you be? Are they under the impression that Jerry Seinfeld is somehow the representative of Israel? Is somehow Jerry Seinfeld Netanyahu now? Is Jerry Seinfeld somehow the, uh, the guy who reports back to Israel? I did a show, I did a show and there's protesters there, I don't know what to— Jerry Seinfeld is a stand-up comedian who lives in New York City. Who can and does think whatever the fuck he wants to think. You attacking Jerry at his shows with signs and insults and trolling him isn't going to change anything that's happening in the Middle East. It goes back to my old thing of like, how dumb are you to think that this type of protest would do anything? Your little signs and getting cars to honk while they drive by is not changing anything. And you're damn sure not changing a thing by hassling one of the greatest comedic minds ever that's ever lived. Why is it— why does it fall on Jerry's shoulders? What's going on in Israel and Palestine? I got a video here that Mark Schiff sent. This is out in front of the show. Free, free, free Palestine!

[42:36] **Speaker C:** God bless Israel and the Jewish people, folks, tonight at the Jerry Seinfeld concert. Concert in Rochester.

[42:41] **Speaker A:** Here we are. Free, free, free Palestine!

[42:44] **Speaker C:** You should live so long, folks. God bless Israel and the Jewish people.

[42:47] **Speaker A:** I can't think of a more mindless and pointless thing than to attack your fellow man. And when I say fellow man, I mean American. Jerry's American. I bet all those people are Americans. We all live here in peace with no fear of bombs being dropped on our head. And you're going to have the arrogance to grab your flag and head on down to a performance at a theater from two comics that are just— they want to go tell jokes. And you're like, no, let's get our— let's get our flags. And what if Jerry comes out and goes, all right, you win? What are they going to do? Yeah, we did. Like, what are we talking about? How does anyone think that this is an effective way of spending even a second of your time? Go ahead, hit play on this.

[43:39] **Speaker C:** This is Mark Schiff at Jerry Seinfeld concert tonight in Rochester, New York. And here they are, Israel out. These freaking idiots. They're not going to stop the comedy, not going to stop Jerry, not going to stop me, not going to stop any of us. God bless Israel and the Jewish people.

[44:01] **Speaker A:** These people are truly idiots. Here's the thing. Now, I'm not dismissing their passion for what they believe or dismissing their passion for their ideologies. What I'm saying is they are ignorant idiots who think being antisemitic to two stand-up comedians is going to change anything or help their progress. Leave them alone. Knock it off. It's a stand-up comedy show, you fucking nerds. Um, love you guys. Thank you for being here. A little bit of a shorter episode today, but I, uh, you know, I got stuff to do. You guys are the best. You're here, you hear my voice all the time. Listen, this week I will be in Mobile, Alabama on Thursday, Hattiesburg, Mississippi on Friday. Saturday I'll be in New Orleans, and then June 3rd I'm in Dubuque, Iowa. June 4th through 6th I'm at The Vault in Batavia, Illinois, the best comedy club ever. Then June 7th I'm in the, uh, Hobart, Indiana for one night only. Then the District Events Center, which is in Norfolk, Nebraska. That's, uh, June 9th. Only the Late Show is available. Uh, then I go to the Funny Bone in Omaha and West Des Moines. That's June 10th and 11th. Uh, then off to Kansas City. Then June 17th, I'm at the Stand in New York, which means I'll be doing Gutfeld. Uh, that's it, guys. There's plenty more dates. I'm going to La Jolla, I'm going to, um, which is San Diego, naturally. I'm going to, uh, Dallas, Texas. I'm going to Austin at the Mothership again. So you can find all of those dates, and also check out, see if I'm coming near you. I'm gonna be in Phoenix soon. Go, go to, um, jeffdye.com, click on the buy tickets. If it's not on there, then go to that comic comedy club's website and you can find the tickets there. Um, yeah, I love you guys. Thank you for being here. We'll see you next week. Wanna keep up with everything trendy? From breaking news to shareable jokes, pop culture bites to viral food spots, it's all on TikTok. Download TikTok now to explore.
