# Of Polls, Pundits and Actual People - LA Mayor's Race and Cali Governor's Race Are Up for Grabs

**Show:** First Things First With Dominique DiPrima
**Date Published:** 2026-06-01
**Date Found:** 2026-06-02
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/of-polls-pundits-and-actual-people-la-mayor-s-race-and-cali-governor-s-race-are-up-for-grabs--72284605?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Adam Miller (guest)
**Duration:** 45 minutes

## Summary

This 45-minute episode of First Things First With Dominique DiPrima mentions Adam Miller.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Adam Miller, First Things First With Dominique DiPrima

## Key Moment

> "Oh, move which camera? The one— oh, The one that I have my, my phone. You mean that camera? Is it out the way now? So unprofessional, Dominique. Okay, I'm streaming on TikTok, I'm streaming on YouTube, we're streaming on Facebook. And, uh, yeah, and the phone lines are open. Okay, 809-2015-8800. 92015. It is the last, last, last Friday, probably the last open phones, although I don't know because things be changing around here. As you see, we had a guest booked for Friedman Friday and he was not able to make it. So we recapped the conversation with, uh, Sharice Cryer around the election and reparations. Um, so, and there's a lot to unpack. There's a lot to understand about this election. We will have, um, Lamika Castillo will be in with me, um, first hour Monday, and then we're going to be talking, um, election the rest of the day. Well, the whole day really, because it'll be the last day to vote is Tuesday the 2nd, but you could vote all weekend. Uh, Secretary of State Shirley Weber will join us on Tuesday, um, along with some others with some final get out the vote type advice. So if you're still trying to figure it out, you know, we are the election information station. We're here for you. All of the interviews that we've done with candidates for sheriff candidates for mayor, governor, etc. They're all available on our YouTube. They're all available wherever you get your podcast for free. So, you know, really trying to help you figure stuff out, and I've been figuring it out myself as we go. It is a very long ballot, as I have stated. Yesterday, um, Attorney Carrie Harper was in here with me and we went over all the judges. She now has on her Instagram, care, care, um, Harper for Justice, the number 4. She has her picks for judge, and it's a, an encapsulation of what we talked about yesterday. Or you can go listen to it yourself because there was a couple of them that are, you know, a little tricky. And also, um, Tiffany Townend Blacknell She's on TikTok and also on Instagram, and she has her judge picks up as well. So that's one of the trickier parts of the, of the ballot. So there's new polling out, and I was talking about this with, with Tavis yesterday. I was a guest on his show. That was fun. Every once in a while, I think I'm gonna be on his show again the day after the election. So can tap in there. But anyway, um, we were talking about this new polling in the mayor's race here in the LA mayor's race, which has, um, almost a dead heat, um, with, with according to the LA Times and UC Berkeley, um, which is scary. The mayor is still leading. Mayor Karen Bass is still leading. Um, but what it shows is it shows that, um, Councilmember Nithya Raman, who is challenging the mayor from the center— people call her a progressive. Okay, if she's a progressive, then the mayor is a progressive because they both vote exactly the same. Um, in any case, she's, I think, 1 or 2 points back in this race, and in third according to them is Spencer Pratt. But each one is separated by only 1 or 2 percentage points. And given the fact that polling, they say the margin of error is 3, 4 points, you could call it a 3-way tie. It's not really, the mayor is still ahead, but you could call it that because of the margin of error. And so what does this tell me? It tells me, um, where the money is, right? Where is the money coming in? Spencer Pratt is outraising the mayor of Los Angeles right now. That's not surprising in a way because he is, even though he's saying that he's not political, he's a MAGA guy. He's endorsed by Trump. He is a reality show host and, um, he is, uh, conservative. He says that he's not, but if you look at, even look at his AI ads, which are full of very misleading and creepy, but they're apparently very popular. They're, they're doing, you can say anything with AI, you can program it to say whatever you want. So it seems to be working for him. He's also media trained, right? He's a TV guy. And so we've seen that with Trump. It means that we, and you know, it'd be like if I ran for office, which people are always telling me to do, but I probably never will, um, which is that Probably, probably. You know, God's got jokes. You never know what I might do. But what I'm saying is that that's an edge. It's an instant edge. I wish I could put all these politicians in a room and tell them how to talk to a microphone, to a camera, to a radio show. And so he has that instant advantage. It's the same Trump advantage. It's the reality TV, I know where the camera is at all times, I know how to talk to people advantage. He has that and it's working for him. Plus there's the white lash. And let's not— let's be— not be silly. Let's not act brand new, right? We know that the underlying quiet part out loud, the dog siren, dog whistle is racism, right? Because— and I think that that plays out in— that plays out in the Raman and Bass contest in the following way. Because I've heard so many progressives, including people like Unrig LA and stuff like that on Twitter, going after the mayor and calling Nithya Raman a progressive and the mayor a centrist. But Nithya Raman has voted with the mayor in lockstep. They've, she's voted with, they have the same voting record. So if they have the same voting record, how is one a progressive and one is a moderate? Either they're both moderates or they're both progressives. And you know, labels are just labels. But if I have two people with the same voting record, then they, they don't get different titles. What's the real difference? What's the real difference? Ask yourself, what's the real difference? Now we know with Spencer Pratt, you're talking about the white grievance vote, but also, you know, he, he appeals to a young demo, which may or may not come out to vote. He appeals to a young demo because he's younger. He's the only, you know, white guy in the top 3 because there are others running. There are a lot of people running for mayor. If you want options, go look at our YouTube. I've talked to most of them. We've got gay and straight and Arab and white and Latino, and everybody's running for mayor. Everybody's running for mayor. And you know, to be fair, Reverend Ray Wong, speaking of Asian, is pulling forth at 9%, which is pretty astounding for somebody who is as far to the left, as progressive as she is, because Reverend Ray Wong is quite progressive. She's Running on, you know, she's not endorsed by Democratic Socialists. They haven't endorsed anyone in this race, not Nithya Raman, not Reverend Ray, nobody. But for a DSA-type candidate, she's running, she's polling at 9%. That's pretty amazing. Then you've got Adam Miller, who's sort of like the mayoral version of a, of a Matt Mahan. He's sort of more of a moderate white candidate. He's, he's running at 5%. Our undecideds are down to 10%. So according to this, the mayor— this poll, the mayor is only 1% ahead of Nithya Raman. You know, I don't— polling, most of the polling, if you aggregate all of the polls together, the mayor is leading by much more than that. But This is the latest, latest. So, and UCLA LA Times, you know, is fairly reputable. That said, um, Nithya Raman jumps late in the race, and even though she has an identical record to Karen Bass, she's being touted as a progressive. And a lot of white progressives and not Black progressives are big-upping Raman, idolizing Raman as a progressive. And demonizing the mayor for the exact same voting record, which then brings to me what the question, what's the difference? If we're saying, well, in the past, Nithya Raman was more progressive than the mayor, we can also say in the past, the mayor was more progressive than the mayor. She's the founder of Community Coalition. So that, what does that mean? It means what you can do when you get in office may be different than what you think you can do when you're a community activist trying to get in office. I don't know, I've never been mayor. So it looks like if this polling is right, you have Karen Bass versus Nithya Raman in the runoff, because it looks like it's going to be a runoff. I mean, from every single poll available, there's no way Mayor Bass wins 50-plus percent. You could end up though You know, MAGA surprise. And there's a lot of people, Republicans who like to call themselves independents, who like to pretend that they're not Republicans, and they will not tell a pollster that they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt because they don't want to be a laughingstock, right? So they'll say Nithya Raman, or they'll say undecided, or they'll say Adam Miller, and then they'll go vote for Pratt. So there's a good chance we could have a Spencer Pratt and Karen Bass runoff. That's going to be a rough and tumble race because Elon Musk and Donald Trump and all the tech bros are going to get behind Pratt. He's already getting tech dollars. He's already got big tech dollars. They're going to rush in like crazy if he's in the runoff. And so it's going to be a very big money race, and it's going to be a bruising dog whistle, dog siren type time of it. If it's Bass versus Rahman, you know, the white lash clearly goes against the mayor. Either way, she's got a tough fight. If it's Bass-Wong, that would be best-case scenario in, in my opinion, because as Butch Ware was pointing out earlier in this show, then you have someone pulling the conversation to the left, right? Pulling the incumbent to the left. That's a very highly unlikely scenario."
> — Speaker B at 01:48
> *Adam Miller was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:48] Speaker B: "Oh, move which camera? The one— oh, The one that I have my, my phone. You mean that camera? Is it out the way now? So unprofessional, Dominique. Okay, I'm streaming on TikTok, I'm streaming on YouTube, we're streaming on Facebook. And, uh, yeah, and the phone lines are open. Okay, 809-2015-8800. 92015. It is the last, last, last Friday, probably the last open phones, although I don't know because things be changing around here. As you see, we had a guest booked for Friedman Friday and he was not able to make it. So we recapped the conversation with, uh, Sharice Cryer around the election and reparations. Um, so, and there's a lot to unpack. There's a lot to understand about this election. We will have, um, Lamika Castillo will be in with me, um, first hour Monday, and then we're going to be talking, um, election the rest of the day. Well, the whole day really, because it'll be the last day to vote is Tuesday the 2nd, but you could vote all weekend. Uh, Secretary of State Shirley Weber will join us on Tuesday, um, along with some others with some final get out the vote type advice. So if you're still trying to figure it out, you know, we are the election information station. We're here for you. All of the interviews that we've done with candidates for sheriff candidates for mayor, governor, etc. They're all available on our YouTube. They're all available wherever you get your podcast for free. So, you know, really trying to help you figure stuff out, and I've been figuring it out myself as we go. It is a very long ballot, as I have stated. Yesterday, um, Attorney Carrie Harper was in here with me and we went over all the judges. She now has on her Instagram, care, care, um, Harper for Justice, the number 4. She has her picks for judge, and it's a, an encapsulation of what we talked about yesterday. Or you can go listen to it yourself because there was a couple of them that are, you know, a little tricky. And also, um, Tiffany Townend Blacknell She's on TikTok and also on Instagram, and she has her judge picks up as well. So that's one of the trickier parts of the, of the ballot. So there's new polling out, and I was talking about this with, with Tavis yesterday. I was a guest on his show. That was fun. Every once in a while, I think I'm gonna be on his show again the day after the election. So can tap in there. But anyway, um, we were talking about this new polling in the mayor's race here in the LA mayor's race, which has, um, almost a dead heat, um, with, with according to the LA Times and UC Berkeley, um, which is scary. The mayor is still leading. Mayor Karen Bass is still leading. Um, but what it shows is it shows that, um, Councilmember Nithya Raman, who is challenging the mayor from the center— people call her a progressive. Okay, if she's a progressive, then the mayor is a progressive because they both vote exactly the same. Um, in any case, she's, I think, 1 or 2 points back in this race, and in third according to them is Spencer Pratt. But each one is separated by only 1 or 2 percentage points. And given the fact that polling, they say the margin of error is 3, 4 points, you could call it a 3-way tie. It's not really, the mayor is still ahead, but you could call it that because of the margin of error. And so what does this tell me? It tells me, um, where the money is, right? Where is the money coming in? Spencer Pratt is outraising the mayor of Los Angeles right now. That's not surprising in a way because he is, even though he's saying that he's not political, he's a MAGA guy. He's endorsed by Trump. He is a reality show host and, um, he is, uh, conservative. He says that he's not, but if you look at, even look at his AI ads, which are full of very misleading and creepy, but they're apparently very popular. They're, they're doing, you can say anything with AI, you can program it to say whatever you want. So it seems to be working for him. He's also media trained, right? He's a TV guy. And so we've seen that with Trump. It means that we, and you know, it'd be like if I ran for office, which people are always telling me to do, but I probably never will, um, which is that Probably, probably. You know, God's got jokes. You never know what I might do. But what I'm saying is that that's an edge. It's an instant edge. I wish I could put all these politicians in a room and tell them how to talk to a microphone, to a camera, to a radio show. And so he has that instant advantage. It's the same Trump advantage. It's the reality TV, I know where the camera is at all times, I know how to talk to people advantage. He has that and it's working for him. Plus there's the white lash. And let's not— let's be— not be silly. Let's not act brand new, right? We know that the underlying quiet part out loud, the dog siren, dog whistle is racism, right? Because— and I think that that plays out in— that plays out in the Raman and Bass contest in the following way. Because I've heard so many progressives, including people like Unrig LA and stuff like that on Twitter, going after the mayor and calling Nithya Raman a progressive and the mayor a centrist. But Nithya Raman has voted with the mayor in lockstep. They've, she's voted with, they have the same voting record. So if they have the same voting record, how is one a progressive and one is a moderate? Either they're both moderates or they're both progressives. And you know, labels are just labels. But if I have two people with the same voting record, then they, they don't get different titles. What's the real difference? What's the real difference? Ask yourself, what's the real difference? Now we know with Spencer Pratt, you're talking about the white grievance vote, but also, you know, he, he appeals to a young demo, which may or may not come out to vote. He appeals to a young demo because he's younger. He's the only, you know, white guy in the top 3 because there are others running. There are a lot of people running for mayor. If you want options, go look at our YouTube. I've talked to most of them. We've got gay and straight and Arab and white and Latino, and everybody's running for mayor. Everybody's running for mayor. And you know, to be fair, Reverend Ray Wong, speaking of Asian, is pulling forth at 9%, which is pretty astounding for somebody who is as far to the left, as progressive as she is, because Reverend Ray Wong is quite progressive. She's Running on, you know, she's not endorsed by Democratic Socialists. They haven't endorsed anyone in this race, not Nithya Raman, not Reverend Ray, nobody. But for a DSA-type candidate, she's running, she's polling at 9%. That's pretty amazing. Then you've got Adam Miller, who's sort of like the mayoral version of a, of a Matt Mahan. He's sort of more of a moderate white candidate. He's, he's running at 5%. Our undecideds are down to 10%. So according to this, the mayor— this poll, the mayor is only 1% ahead of Nithya Raman. You know, I don't— polling, most of the polling, if you aggregate all of the polls together, the mayor is leading by much more than that. But This is the latest, latest. So, and UCLA LA Times, you know, is fairly reputable. That said, um, Nithya Raman jumps late in the race, and even though she has an identical record to Karen Bass, she's being touted as a progressive. And a lot of white progressives and not Black progressives are big-upping Raman, idolizing Raman as a progressive. And demonizing the mayor for the exact same voting record, which then brings to me what the question, what's the difference? If we're saying, well, in the past, Nithya Raman was more progressive than the mayor, we can also say in the past, the mayor was more progressive than the mayor. She's the founder of Community Coalition. So that, what does that mean? It means what you can do when you get in office may be different than what you think you can do when you're a community activist trying to get in office. I don't know, I've never been mayor. So it looks like if this polling is right, you have Karen Bass versus Nithya Raman in the runoff, because it looks like it's going to be a runoff. I mean, from every single poll available, there's no way Mayor Bass wins 50-plus percent. You could end up though You know, MAGA surprise. And there's a lot of people, Republicans who like to call themselves independents, who like to pretend that they're not Republicans, and they will not tell a pollster that they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt because they don't want to be a laughingstock, right? So they'll say Nithya Raman, or they'll say undecided, or they'll say Adam Miller, and then they'll go vote for Pratt. So there's a good chance we could have a Spencer Pratt and Karen Bass runoff. That's going to be a rough and tumble race because Elon Musk and Donald Trump and all the tech bros are going to get behind Pratt. He's already getting tech dollars. He's already got big tech dollars. They're going to rush in like crazy if he's in the runoff. And so it's going to be a very big money race, and it's going to be a bruising dog whistle, dog siren type time of it. If it's Bass versus Rahman, you know, the white lash clearly goes against the mayor. Either way, she's got a tough fight. If it's Bass-Wong, that would be best-case scenario in, in my opinion, because as Butch Ware was pointing out earlier in this show, then you have someone pulling the conversation to the left, right? Pulling the incumbent to the left. That's a very highly unlikely scenario."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Happy birthday, America! It's time to celebrate and play your favorite Las Vegas casino games by American-owned SpinQuest.com! What's better than fireworks and American pie? Hitting a blackjack in the palm of your hand, and you won't lose your fingers! Over 1,000 games including slots and live dealers, and $30 coin packs are on sale for $10! SpinQuest.com— by American players, for American players! SpinQuest is a free free-to-play social casino.

[00:27] **Speaker B:** Void where prohibited.

[00:28] **Speaker A:** Visit spendquest.com for more details.

[00:32] **Speaker B:** Wallet feeling extra light after the holidays? Yeah, same. But recovery starts right now with TikTok Slash and Free. Here's how it works: pick the products you want in TikTok Shop, share the link, and watch the price drop all the way to zero. No tricks, no catch. Just free stuff with free shipping. Download TikTok, search /free, and start slashing today.

[01:01] **Speaker A:** With the new My Lowe's Pro Rewards American Express card, earn 3 points per dollar spent on Lowe's qualifying purchases for the first 6 months after card account opening. Plus, save 5% every day on eligible purchases at Lowe's and earn points on eligible purchases everywhere else Amex is accepted. Card members get more at Lowe's. Subject to credit approval. 5% can't be combined with any other offer. Exclusions and restrictions apply. Points subject to loyalty terms at lowes.com/terms and credit reward terms at synchrony.com/mlpra-terms. Visit lowes.com/businesscredit.

[01:33] **Speaker B:** It's Friday and it is the last Friday before the election, by the way. I decided to stream on TikTok in case you want to see me. You can also see me on, uh, what, what are you saying, Miles? What are you saying?

[01:47] **Speaker C:** I'm saying move the camera.

[01:48] **Speaker B:** Oh, move which camera? The one— oh, The one that I have my, my phone. You mean that camera? Is it out the way now? So unprofessional, Dominique. Okay, I'm streaming on TikTok, I'm streaming on YouTube, we're streaming on Facebook. And, uh, yeah, and the phone lines are open. Okay, 809-2015-8800. 92015. It is the last, last, last Friday, probably the last open phones, although I don't know because things be changing around here. As you see, we had a guest booked for Friedman Friday and he was not able to make it. So we recapped the conversation with, uh, Sharice Cryer around the election and reparations. Um, so, and there's a lot to unpack. There's a lot to understand about this election. We will have, um, Lamika Castillo will be in with me, um, first hour Monday, and then we're going to be talking, um, election the rest of the day. Well, the whole day really, because it'll be the last day to vote is Tuesday the 2nd, but you could vote all weekend. Uh, Secretary of State Shirley Weber will join us on Tuesday, um, along with some others with some final get out the vote type advice. So if you're still trying to figure it out, you know, we are the election information station. We're here for you. All of the interviews that we've done with candidates for sheriff candidates for mayor, governor, etc. They're all available on our YouTube. They're all available wherever you get your podcast for free. So, you know, really trying to help you figure stuff out, and I've been figuring it out myself as we go. It is a very long ballot, as I have stated. Yesterday, um, Attorney Carrie Harper was in here with me and we went over all the judges. She now has on her Instagram, care, care, um, Harper for Justice, the number 4. She has her picks for judge, and it's a, an encapsulation of what we talked about yesterday. Or you can go listen to it yourself because there was a couple of them that are, you know, a little tricky. And also, um, Tiffany Townend Blacknell She's on TikTok and also on Instagram, and she has her judge picks up as well. So that's one of the trickier parts of the, of the ballot. So there's new polling out, and I was talking about this with, with Tavis yesterday. I was a guest on his show. That was fun. Every once in a while, I think I'm gonna be on his show again the day after the election. So can tap in there. But anyway, um, we were talking about this new polling in the mayor's race here in the LA mayor's race, which has, um, almost a dead heat, um, with, with according to the LA Times and UC Berkeley, um, which is scary. The mayor is still leading. Mayor Karen Bass is still leading. Um, but what it shows is it shows that, um, Councilmember Nithya Raman, who is challenging the mayor from the center— people call her a progressive. Okay, if she's a progressive, then the mayor is a progressive because they both vote exactly the same. Um, in any case, she's, I think, 1 or 2 points back in this race, and in third according to them is Spencer Pratt. But each one is separated by only 1 or 2 percentage points. And given the fact that polling, they say the margin of error is 3, 4 points, you could call it a 3-way tie. It's not really, the mayor is still ahead, but you could call it that because of the margin of error. And so what does this tell me? It tells me, um, where the money is, right? Where is the money coming in? Spencer Pratt is outraising the mayor of Los Angeles right now. That's not surprising in a way because he is, even though he's saying that he's not political, he's a MAGA guy. He's endorsed by Trump. He is a reality show host and, um, he is, uh, conservative. He says that he's not, but if you look at, even look at his AI ads, which are full of very misleading and creepy, but they're apparently very popular. They're, they're doing, you can say anything with AI, you can program it to say whatever you want. So it seems to be working for him. He's also media trained, right? He's a TV guy. And so we've seen that with Trump. It means that we, and you know, it'd be like if I ran for office, which people are always telling me to do, but I probably never will, um, which is that Probably, probably. You know, God's got jokes. You never know what I might do. But what I'm saying is that that's an edge. It's an instant edge. I wish I could put all these politicians in a room and tell them how to talk to a microphone, to a camera, to a radio show. And so he has that instant advantage. It's the same Trump advantage. It's the reality TV, I know where the camera is at all times, I know how to talk to people advantage. He has that and it's working for him. Plus there's the white lash. And let's not— let's be— not be silly. Let's not act brand new, right? We know that the underlying quiet part out loud, the dog siren, dog whistle is racism, right? Because— and I think that that plays out in— that plays out in the Raman and Bass contest in the following way. Because I've heard so many progressives, including people like Unrig LA and stuff like that on Twitter, going after the mayor and calling Nithya Raman a progressive and the mayor a centrist. But Nithya Raman has voted with the mayor in lockstep. They've, she's voted with, they have the same voting record. So if they have the same voting record, how is one a progressive and one is a moderate? Either they're both moderates or they're both progressives. And you know, labels are just labels. But if I have two people with the same voting record, then they, they don't get different titles. What's the real difference? What's the real difference? Ask yourself, what's the real difference? Now we know with Spencer Pratt, you're talking about the white grievance vote, but also, you know, he, he appeals to a young demo, which may or may not come out to vote. He appeals to a young demo because he's younger. He's the only, you know, white guy in the top 3 because there are others running. There are a lot of people running for mayor. If you want options, go look at our YouTube. I've talked to most of them. We've got gay and straight and Arab and white and Latino, and everybody's running for mayor. Everybody's running for mayor. And you know, to be fair, Reverend Ray Wong, speaking of Asian, is pulling forth at 9%, which is pretty astounding for somebody who is as far to the left, as progressive as she is, because Reverend Ray Wong is quite progressive. She's Running on, you know, she's not endorsed by Democratic Socialists. They haven't endorsed anyone in this race, not Nithya Raman, not Reverend Ray, nobody. But for a DSA-type candidate, she's running, she's polling at 9%. That's pretty amazing. Then you've got Adam Miller, who's sort of like the mayoral version of a, of a Matt Mahan. He's sort of more of a moderate white candidate. He's, he's running at 5%. Our undecideds are down to 10%. So according to this, the mayor— this poll, the mayor is only 1% ahead of Nithya Raman. You know, I don't— polling, most of the polling, if you aggregate all of the polls together, the mayor is leading by much more than that. But This is the latest, latest. So, and UCLA LA Times, you know, is fairly reputable. That said, um, Nithya Raman jumps late in the race, and even though she has an identical record to Karen Bass, she's being touted as a progressive. And a lot of white progressives and not Black progressives are big-upping Raman, idolizing Raman as a progressive. And demonizing the mayor for the exact same voting record, which then brings to me what the question, what's the difference? If we're saying, well, in the past, Nithya Raman was more progressive than the mayor, we can also say in the past, the mayor was more progressive than the mayor. She's the founder of Community Coalition. So that, what does that mean? It means what you can do when you get in office may be different than what you think you can do when you're a community activist trying to get in office. I don't know, I've never been mayor. So it looks like if this polling is right, you have Karen Bass versus Nithya Raman in the runoff, because it looks like it's going to be a runoff. I mean, from every single poll available, there's no way Mayor Bass wins 50-plus percent. You could end up though You know, MAGA surprise. And there's a lot of people, Republicans who like to call themselves independents, who like to pretend that they're not Republicans, and they will not tell a pollster that they're going to vote for Spencer Pratt because they don't want to be a laughingstock, right? So they'll say Nithya Raman, or they'll say undecided, or they'll say Adam Miller, and then they'll go vote for Pratt. So there's a good chance we could have a Spencer Pratt and Karen Bass runoff. That's going to be a rough and tumble race because Elon Musk and Donald Trump and all the tech bros are going to get behind Pratt. He's already getting tech dollars. He's already got big tech dollars. They're going to rush in like crazy if he's in the runoff. And so it's going to be a very big money race, and it's going to be a bruising dog whistle, dog siren type time of it. If it's Bass versus Rahman, you know, the white lash clearly goes against the mayor. Either way, she's got a tough fight. If it's Bass-Wong, that would be best-case scenario in, in my opinion, because as Butch Ware was pointing out earlier in this show, then you have someone pulling the conversation to the left, right? Pulling the incumbent to the left. That's a very highly unlikely scenario.

[13:19] **Speaker A:** Hanging out at the pool is great. Relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the same time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other. It's all at Spin Quest. Over 1,000 games including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with this summer special. New players get $30 coin packs for 10. At spinquest.com. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[13:50] **Speaker B:** Hate cleaning? Hate scrubbing? Hate dishwashing? Bro, we got you! Millions of videos about smart cleaning hacks will make your chores feel like a breeze. Download TikTok and check it out. Let's go to Cheyenne calling us from Long Beach. Good morning, Cheyenne.

[14:10] **Speaker C:** Uh, I vote for you for mayor.

[14:12] **Speaker B:** Thank you, Sean, but I'm not running. Um, I know you've got your— you did you vote already?

[14:21] **Speaker C:** I went and voted yesterday. Of course I did.

[14:23] **Speaker B:** Yeah, I knew it because you pay attention.

[14:25] **Speaker C:** Yeah.

[14:26] **Speaker B:** So who did you vote for for governor? Will you share?

[14:30] **Speaker C:** Uh, Becerra. You went Becerra?

[14:32] **Speaker B:** Really? Okay, so what moved you to Becerra?

[14:38] **Speaker C:** Um, I think he did it, you know, I think he did a decent job in every office that he, that he held. You know, I see all the other little ads, this, that, and the other, but one person I definitely wasn't voting for was, um, uh, what's his name, Steve Ballmer?

[14:53] **Speaker B:** That dude, you mean Tom Steyer? Steyer, I mean, yeah, you're just thinking of rich guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the billionaire, the rich guy, you're thinking the rich guy and the billionaire. So even though, even though Steyer is the only candidate who's full-throatedly come out in support of reparations, that didn't move you?

[15:17] **Speaker C:** Uh, I don't believe nothing come out of that dude's mouth.

[15:19] **Speaker B:** Really?

[15:21] **Speaker C:** He's, um, he's another Trump, another MAGA undercover. Like you were just saying, they, you know, they, they don't reveal themselves who they really are until they get in office.

[15:31] **Speaker B:** They're like, Well, uh, okay, well, you know what, I'm not going to ask you who you voted for for mayor because you are in Long Beach, so you— yeah, yeah, well, I guess you would have— you guys have a mayor.

[15:50] **Speaker C:** Well, if I did live in LA, I would vote for Karen Bass, you know. Um, they try to give her a lot of flack about the, you know, the fire, but it's like, come on now. People sometimes, people just, they just don't— I don't know what be in their mind. How you gonna blame the— how you gonna blame her for a fire that like, really?

[16:09] **Speaker B:** Yeah, that's where I think the, you know, white grievance part comes in. And I'm not saying that white folks are the only ones affected by the fire, but this idea that you would, you know, there's a whole fire department and, and of course she has some accountability, she's the mayor, but there's a whole fire department and you don't— you want to overlook them, you know what I mean? You want to overlook the fact that nothing— probably even if we would have had a good response, we wouldn't have been able to stop it because of the high winds and the sort of blowtorch effect that was happening, the super dry conditions, the climate change. We want to skip over all that, just blame the Black woman.

[16:48] **Speaker C:** Well, of course, you know, she, you know, being, being a Black woman, she's responsible for all of that, right? Right? You know, the climate change and all of that, you know. Yeah. Hey, you guys, it's like they still constantly, um, blame Obama, right? It's like, really?

[17:05] **Speaker B:** Well, Paul Mooney used to have a— he used to have a bit about 1-800-Blame-a-N-Word. And, uh, you know, he was talking about crimes, but it seems to apply to everything.

[17:15] **Speaker C:** It absolutely— it absolutely does. And that's, that's the That's the, that's the bad part. You know, even, you know, when I look at what ICE is doing, um, it's like, well, we begged other ethnic groups, don't vote for Trump. Them, do we? We, we know we've been dealing, we've been dealing with them for like 500 years on this land. We telling you that it's, they the same people that went through a civil war to maintain slavery. Oh, they, they, they, they haven't changed one bit. Don't, don't go over there fooling with them.

[17:50] **Speaker B:** Yeah, we telling you, don't, don't believe the hype, right?

[17:55] **Speaker C:** Yeah, that's the wallah I was talking about.

[17:56] **Speaker B:** Yeah, that's, that's hilarious. Look, if you want to stay with me, I'd love to keep talking. Um, we are going to continue this conversation. KBLA Talk 1580. That is hilarious. I'm over here messing around with people on TikTok who want my voter guide. Well Um, we're not, we're not giving recommendations on the radio, but you know, you know where to find me. Holla. Alrighty, alrighty, alrighty. Sean, you still there? Because I started asking you questions. I, I know that's not what you called about, but I was like, okay, Sean pays attention. Who'd you vote for? What'd you call about?

[18:35] **Speaker C:** Oh, well, let's go back to the, to the billionaire guy that's running for, um for the governor, Tom Steyer. Yeah, now Steyer, he apparently— it's alleged that, you know, he invested in private prisons, right?

[18:49] **Speaker B:** Oh no, it's, it's not alleged. He admits it. He invested in private prisons. He says he divested in 2006 and has been doing philanthropy ever since to try to correct the harm.

[19:02] **Speaker C:** So, so he— so suddenly in 2006, he he didn't know he was engaging in, in, um, organized slavery. That's, that's, um, sanctioned by your 13th Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, right? He didn't know that.

[19:17] **Speaker B:** Yeah, I mean, I, you know, I, I think that it's a fair point. I just like his platform. I like that he stands for reparations. I like that he, um, is full-throated about universal health, um, you know, healthcare for all. I like that he I like that he, you know, is talking about arresting ICE, or, you know, if they— when they break the law, you know. Maybe we'll finally get some justice for Keith Porter. That said, I have a friend, Shayon. I was talking to him yesterday, another black man like yourself, who said to me, do we need another— another more like yourself— do we need another white man, another wealthy white man governor? That's all we've ever ever had.

[20:07] **Speaker C:** You know, this, this is what I see a pattern with, with elite wealthy, um, European, European men, right? They have a tendency to get into power, right? You obviously don't need the salary, okay? So it's something else that you really want is the power. Power, of course. You know, all the other— yeah, all the other levers of government and, and, and twisted and turned and manipulated into the, um, the, the, a benefit for people like themselves. Now we see a gross— we see a gross, um, example of that with Donald John Trump in the White House, right? So birds of a feather, to me, they still flock together. Now So that's, that's how I'm looking at it.

[20:56] **Speaker B:** So the feather in this case is— is the feather in this case is the money? The billionaire status is the money? Got you, gotcha. Yeah, yeah.

[21:04] **Speaker C:** Okay, so let me say this really quick. The main reason I call is, is in regards to Pope Leo IV.

[21:12] **Speaker B:** Pope Leo apologizing for slavery for the Catholic Church. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[21:19] **Speaker C:** Now Now we, the conscious Moors, been saying for a long time, since Noble Drew Ali, 1913, we are not Negro, Black, colored, African Americans. We are Moors. And with that apology— and he apologized for the edicts, those, those paper bulls, Domda Versus, the Intercaetera Doctrine of Discovery that goes back to the 1400s with our fight, the Muslim Moors against the European Catholic Christians. So in essence, when he made that apology, he told us right there who we really are. And long as we understand that we are Moors, we don't need the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments because Moors are automatic citizens of the United States. And that's what they don't never want to tell us. And they took that away from us when they erroneously labeled us Negro, Black, colored, Indian, and African-American. And we don't need all of that if we just be who we are. And the Pope just told us that. And you can get your reparations because that's who they took it from— Moors, not Negro, Black, and colored people and African-Americans.

[22:33] **Speaker B:** Okay, I got it. You know, you— we've had this conversation before. You know I'm not arguing this with you because this is your— this is your thing. This is your wheelhouse. I do think that, um, I'm— I'll go back and review what the Pope said, uh, because it's interesting that the framing that, you know, that you've set forth there in terms of, you know, the, the Vatican in their position throughout the centuries.

[22:56] **Speaker C:** Well, well, the Vatican, they— this is what I'm saying to you, um, um, Mr. Prima, is that the Vatican Church knows that history. That's what those papal bulls and the Doctrine of Discovery, Domine versus, and the Intercaetera That's what that was about. That was the war between us, the Moors, and the European Catholic Church. And once we surrendered January 2nd, 1492, in Granada, was today called Spain, some of us came on them ships as POWs with Christopher Columbus, or Cristóbal, yeah, Cristóbal Colón. And we came here as POWs under the erroneous label.

[23:37] **Speaker B:** No, I understand. I mean, we've had this conversation before, Sean, and like I said, well, we can have a deeper conversation on that another day. But it's— I think it's interesting when you put it in the context of the Pope's declaration, because it is true. My bonus daughter just visited the Vatican, and the secrets, the historical truths, the dirty deeds done in the dark that are— that are— and also, you know, Black history, or Moorish history if you want to call it that, that they have there in the Vatican is vast. Appreciate your call, appreciate your insights as always, Shayon. And, um, be like Shayon, do your own research. Be like Shayon, vote early. You can vote right now in any vote center. Um, we've got news, traffic, and sports, and then more on KBLA. More Get it? KBLA Talk 1580.

[24:39] **Speaker A:** Forget whatever plans you have this weekend because you're staying at home and playing on SpinQuest, and there's never been a better time to sign up than right now. New users get $30 coin packs for just $10. All the table games you love with hundreds of slot games and real cash prizes. That's at spinquest.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[25:08] **Speaker B:** Right, looking at your weekend, staring at your weekend, a few things come to mind. Next week I'm going to see Ain't Misbehavin'. If you want to come when I'm coming, go Wednesday. Let's sell it out, man. I'll be there. I'm celebrating my birthday at the Ebony Repertory Theatre. Ebonyrep.com, I think, ebonyrep.com. Um, you can get tickets. It's with Lettucey singing. I cannot wait to see that show. I will be there Wednesday, but I Any day is probably good to see it. Actually, I've been meaning to ask— a bunch of folks from around here went to see the show on Sunday, so— and I know they must have loved it. We've just been so busy with the election, so there's that. Then, um, tomorrow, Saturday, at the California African American Museum, African Focus Incorporated is having World Africa Day, their celebration. And it's more of like a conference, if you will. I'll be there. I'm speaking there. Of course I am, because of course I am, because it's African Focus and Incorporated, and I am a cultural ambassador for them. And one of the things we're going to be focused on is which countries are offering citizenship to African Americans. So in case you want to have dual citizenship, in case you got to skip town real quick because ICE is coming for you or something— not saying you're not a citizen, but you know, they killed Keith Porter, he's a citizen. May he rest in peace. Say his name. Anyway, um, yeah, we'll be talking about that. That's at the California African American Museum tomorrow evening. I think it starts at 7, and I'm speaking early in the program if you want to come see me. But I'm really interested to find out, to gather all the info about who is letting us get citizenship. So, because look, having an extra passport is never a bad thing. I mean, it really isn't. And a lot of African countries, particularly now after this UN declaration of slavery as the gravest crime against humanity, are stepping up their efforts to allow us, the diaspora, the FBA, the freedmen, the children of the enslaved, to get a little piece of our heritage. And I will, I will stand 10 toes on that all day long. I have an inheritance from the United States of America. And a debt that's owed to me, which is called reparations, right? A debt, boom, from the government. An inheritance, boom, my ancestors built this joint. And then from Africa, we also have an inheritance, and I want mama's side and daddy's side, whatever's coming to me and you. Anyway, we're doing that. CAM, California African American Museum, that's Saturday night. Um, and so, and of course, voting, voting, voting, voting. You can vote at any vote center. You don't need to go to the place 'You used to be given a certain place we had to vote.' No, you can go to any vote center. You go to lavote.net and get all the info there. Check out my socials, you never know what you might find, some information about voting. And you— the voting is already starting now. If you don't want to do that, you can fill— look, it is Friday. The Trump administration is saying that they don't— they're trying to stop In California, if you mailed it by Election Day and it got— whenever it gets there is fine as long as it's postmarked by Election Day. The Trump administration is trying to challenge that. So what I'm saying to you is that if you haven't voted by mail yet, then you need to put your vote-by-mail ballot in a county box, a county drop box, not a mailbox, because The Trump administration may— unless you have no other choice than mail it, you know, cross your fingers, say a prayer over it. But if you have a choice, go to a county box because those are not subject, you know, to the slowness or irregularities of the US mail. And like I said, I don't want to put my ballot in federal custody while Trump is in the White House. So I rather put my ballot directly into a county ballot box. Those are the baby blue and yellow ones, the UCLA colors. Or you can go to a vote center and hand it to a poll worker. That's what I like to do. They give you your sticker, which actually comes in the mail-in thing anyway, but in case you want another one. And it's just real quick, you just drive by, hand them your mail-in ballot, and keep it pushing. That's a better idea than US mail at this point because it's already Friday. Okay, again, if you have no choice, mail it. If you have a choice, drop it in a county box or bring it to a polling place at this point. So, so much to say about the mayor's race. Um, there are people who are saying to vote for Nithya Raman so that Spencer Pratt won't be on the ballot. There are people saying vote for Spencer Pratt so that Nithya Raman won't be on the ballot. There are people saying vote for Ray Wong so that Nithya Raman or Spencer Pratt or Karen Bass won't be on the ballot. I don't think— I think trying to outsmart ourselves at this point is probably not what we want to do with the LA mayor's race. It is too much of a razor's edge. I, you know, a couple of the voting guides, and I've told you, Courage California, Knock LA, LA Taco, you can look at the LA County Democratic Party. You can look at the Republic— LA County Republican Party. Look at Courage California. Did I already say that? The LA Progressive. There are a lot of resources to look at, but some of them say, you know, have little tricky moves like vote for this one to block that one, vote for that one to block this one. I don't agree with that. Not in the mayor's race. Vote for who you want to be mayor. And I will reiterate that we were supposed to have Councilmember Nithya Raman in here on Monday— I mean Tuesday, excuse me, Monday was a holiday. She canceled at the last minute. Her people said she was too busy. That is whack. That to me says you don't, you don't care about Black LA. You don't, or you think you don't need us. And maybe she doesn't. It, you know, she's polling really high. But what does that say to you about where we are on her priority list? And that to me is the thing, right? You— what are you doing at 7 or 8 in the morning that you don't— you can't spend half an hour talking to Black LA? I, I find that problematic, not just from me, oh, me, my show, me, me, me, or no, not that. It's about your priorities. What, what is that move telling us? About where you are around Black LA. That's a whole problem. Um, and so again, back to this progressive, progressive. Okay, Reverend Rae Wong is definitely a progressive. She's polling at 9%, which is better than most people thought, but she's not within striking distance of winning. The top 3 right now are Spencer Pratt, Councilmember Nithya Raman, and Mayor Karen Bass. And, um, Karen Bass is maintaining— Mayor Karen Bass is maintaining a very slim lead despite the fact that she has to pay the black tax. And the black tax is doubled right now because of the Palisades fires. Okay, let's be clear on that. The other thing is that for some reason no one's talking about experience. And I didn't have enough time to ask gubernatorial candidate Butch Ware this in hour 1 because he was laying out his platform. And if you missed it, go back, it's on YouTube. But this thing that being a career politician is now an insult, it's so weird because in the governor's race, Becerra has surged ahead. Right now he's the front runner. He's jumped like 20 points since Swalwell dropped out, which is amazing. He was one of the 5 percenters that they were trying to get to drop out. Not 5%, you know what I mean? He was polling at 5%. But what's crazy is that experience argument doesn't work in the mayor's race. I don't know if that's misogyny that you know, we don't count experience the same when it's a woman, or if it's because people are mad at Mayor Bass, or if it's because, um, people— I don't know. I— it just doesn't make any sense. If I have two people with the same voting record and one has more experience, who would you choose? Ask yourself that. The mayor has been a congressperson, right? In the U.S. Congress, right? That's federal. She has run the State Assembly. That's statewide office. In other words, she was the speaker, uh, only Black woman, by the way, to hold that position, just as she's the only Black woman and the only woman to ever be mayor. And she's been mayor, and she's stood up Community Coalition, which is one of the most powerful and formidable community organizations that we have in the city of Los Angeles. So when you're talking about experienced, you know, There's no one else even close. So then it comes down to policy, right? Policy. If you want someone, you know, more MAGA, if you want someone more conservative, you've got a clear choice. You got Spencer Pratt. If you want someone more, way more to the left and more progressive, then you have a clear choice. You get Reverend, Reverend Wong. If you— but if you're choosing between Nithya Raman and Karen Bass, they have exactly the same voting record. Let's be clear about that. All of the progressives on the City Council have endorsed the mayor. So how is Raman getting a progressive label and the mayor isn't? What's the difference between the two candidates if they have the same voting record? And they're both Democrats. They're both women. Neither one is endorsed by the Democratic Socialists. Nobody is. So what is the distinction that these progressives, many of them white but other progressives too, who are not rolling with Ray Wong or another one of the 50 people running for mayor. Hey guys, Lady Luck here. Are you going on any road trips this summer? I know I'm going to be going on a bunch of road trips, and being that I'm going to be passenger princess, I love playing on spinquest.com.

[36:04] **Speaker A:** Spin Quest has all of my favorite slot games, live blackjack, live craps.

[36:09] **Speaker B:** Head on over to Spin Quest right now and get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[36:15] **Speaker A:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[36:21] **Speaker B:** They're not— they're not going with an independent candidate or a protest vote. What's the difference? What's the— what's the differentiating factor? Are you being honest with yourself is what I'm asking. That's what I'm asking. And why isn't experience a factor in the mayor's race the same way that it is in the governor's race. You mad, bro? Is that what it is? Are we, are we moving away from logic and going into, um, emotion? Y'all being emotional? Y'all being— are y'all bros being emotional and not logical? Yeah, I'm clowning. I am. I'm trolling. Yes, I am. Is misogyny at play? Is racism at play? Is emotion at play? Is, um, likability— the old likability, the slayer of dragons, including Hillary Clinton— the likability factor? What, what, what, what is happening here? Um, we— yeah, we are in a moment right now where what happens Tuesday is anybody's guess. We could actually have a runoff with Spencer Pratt and Nithya Raman. That would be a lot. So if you don't think you want to vote, uh, you know, the one advice that I am allowed to give you on the radio is get off your butt and go vote. This is not the time to sit one out. This is not the time to sit on your butt. And not only get up and vote, get up and make your baby vote if your baby 18. Make your husband or wife vote. Get your cousin, go pick up Granny. This is not the time to sit one out. Be the local choo-choo train, be the free Uber in your neighborhood. Every ballot counts. We're talking about a separation of 1 or 2 percentage points, which is inside the margin of error. And we're talking about Spencer Pratt with a massive war chest— tech bros, Hollywood bros, racist trolls, disgruntled people, unhappy misguided fire folks, all kinds of folks putting their money in this wagon. And so we're gonna have two people in a runoff. It's not going to be an outright win. So who do you want in there? And I say it's not the time for a protest vote, and it's not the time to outfox yourself. Love to hear from you if you have an opinion. Or a question about Tuesday. Tuesday is the last day to vote. You can vote today, tomorrow, the next day, um, or Tuesday. After that, it'll be too late. And if you don't vote, don't call me crying, okay? Because I, I hope we won't have a lot to cry about, but there certainly is the potential for it in this long, long, long, long, long ballot. I'm Dominique DiPrima, and this is KBLA Talk 1580. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Tavis Smiley, um, the best of Tavis Smiley's up next. You don't want to miss that. Another thing we're tracking right here though is these polls on the governor's race. It is crazy. Javier Becerra has jumped 20 points since March. That's insane. If Don't Give Up was a person, Javier Becerra— I mean, he was basically left for dead and now he's the front runner, right? Steve Hilton has jumped 4 points. He's now in second place according to UCLA and the LA Times. And that is what I was telling you. In fact, I want to thank him again. I want to thank the President Donald Trump once again for endorsing Steve Hilton. And I told you guys, he did us a favor because the Republican vote is consolidating around Hilton. He's up 4 points, Chad Bianco down 5. That's a 10-point swing. That means— that's good news because it means only one Republican in the runoff, if even one makes it, because Tom Steyer is nipping at his heels. In this poll, Tom Steyer's at 19% and Hylton is at 21%. So that means that it could go either way. You could have a Becerra-Steyer runoff or a Becerra-Hylton runoff, or the polls are totally wrong and it's, you know, Katie Porter and, you know, Chad Bianco, who knows. But according to this polling, Chad Bianco is down 5%, and Katie Hilton has lost— I mean, Katie Porter, excuse me— has lost almost half of her support. She's now at 7%, right? Um, Antonio Villaraigosa also down from 4, down to 1%. And the undecideds, most important of all, have been cut in half. 7%, according to this, are undecided. People voting for other down a staggering 12% to 4%. And to me, that means— what I read in that line is that people realize it's not the time to do a protest vote. I think that's what the others— others are probably people that are running for governor that are not even in this top 10, right? Um, and people are just saying no. We got to go with someone who's got a shot at winning. We can't have an Oath Keeper. Well, he's not in the organization, but he doesn't disavow the philosophy, which means, you know, once an Oath Keeper, always an Oath Keeper. So that means people are like, no, no, no, I've made up my mind, or no, no, no, I'm not taking a chance with a, with a candidate that's not going to win. I'm going to move my support to Becerra. Steyer, maybe Hilton, and Matt Mahan and Tony Thurmond. Their people are holding steady, 4% and 1% respectively, both holding steady. I guess there you could say their supporters are loyal. Here's the thing, Tuesday is the last day to vote. If you're voting today, I recommend— I know I'm saying it over and over, but it's so important— go to a county drop box. A lot of them are in front of libraries, they're by schools, and you can find it all at lavote.net. They'll tell you where there's a Dropbox. They'll tell you where there's a vote center. You can go to any vote center. It's no longer restricted by your address. And if you're not registered to vote, you can still vote. Just go to the vote center. They'll register you on the spot, which by the way is as it should be everywhere. But we have that in LA, so take advantage. If you weren't paying attention and you didn't register to vote, look at this polling. And let it inspire you. Let it inspire you. Also, one quick note, because, you know, we have political advertisement here and I watch TV, I hear it— read between the lines. There is a lot of mis- and disinformation and tricky wording of stuff to make it seem like something when it's really something else. Okay, read between the headlines. Go and look at something like Ballotpedia, which is completely nonpartisan, and they'll tell you who is backing whom and where their money is coming from. Always follow the money. Always follow the money. It is not a boring election. It's a long ballot but not a boring one. And we have help. Help, help is on the way. Help is all around. Courage California, Forward LA, Knock LA, LA County Democratic Party, LA County Republican Party, laprogressive.com. There's help. The Best of Tavis Smiley is up next. Man, he had some great ones this week. You do not want to miss the show, and I'm not talking about myself, I'm talking about Sonny Rollins and all kinds of folks that, um, obviously a pre-recorded Sonny Rollins interview, all kinds of folks that bless the mic. Look me up at Deprima Radio, D-I-P-R-I-M-A, and then Radio on all platforms and follow, like, subscribe. And let's talk about the election some more. Like my dad, the great Amiri Baraka, used to say, a person is either free or they are not free. There can be no apprenticeship for freedom. Until next time, my KBLA delegation, one love.

[44:57] **Speaker A:** What's going on everyone, it's Bluff here and we're driving through the states in the Bluff Mobile. And the best thing that we can do is play our favorite casino-style games on Spin Quest. They have over 1,000 games including live dealer blackjack and craps, with tons of slots and unlimited options. You can get a $30 coin pack for just $10 for new users. Sign up today, go to spinquest.com right now. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.
