# Massie Loses, Michelle Obama Faces Reality, Dem Autopsy Chaos, & Bass’ Broken Promise, with Ruy Teixeira, PLUS Bye Bye Colbert

**Show:** After Party with Emily Jashinsky
**Date Published:** 2026-05-21
**Date Found:** 2026-05-21
**URL:** https://www.siriusxm.com?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 97 minutes

## Summary

This 97-minute episode of After Party with Emily Jashinsky mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, After Party with Emily Jashinsky

## Key Moment

> "Welcome to After Party, everybody. Tonight's guest is Roy Teixeira. We are going to get into a lot of the Democratic primary scene, the DNC autopsy. Have you been hearing about it? We are going deep with Roy Teixeira, who is a very interesting critic of, uh, the ideological capture of the Democratic Party on a really on a class basis is where a lot of Roy's criticism comes from. So We really had a field day. It was pre-taped earlier in the day. We had a field day with some of these races. Talarico here in Washington, DC. I have a DSA candidate that is leading for mayor. A new poll out as of today showing some of those results. Uh, we have Karen Bass. There's just so much to get to. Um, but first we are going to be talking about one of the Republican primaries. Of course, uh, you'll hear me react to the loss of Thomas Massie in his primary in just one moment. And then we'll close the show out with, um, a conversation about Stephen Colbert. I can't help but send Stephen Colbert off, uh, with, you know, some warm wishes for success. Actually, really more with, uh, some reflections on what went so wrong for Stephen Colbert. Very interesting bit of audio from Amanda Peet and video from Amanda Peet on plastic surgery, Botox, uh, and, and what sort of ultimately what it's rooted in. She's eschewed all of it, and she's of course in a great show right now, Your Friends and Neighbors, has continued to have a successful career in Hollywood. But we are going to talk about that too. So please do subscribe if you haven't subscribed yet. It's basically the most helpful way to support our journalism here at Afterparty. Subscribe on YouTube, like, comment— all of that is incredibly helpful. Subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. And, uh, you know, if you, if you want to email me, I'm emily@devilmaycaremedia.com. Uh, as many of you know because we email, I really do respond, uh, to just about everything, uh, that we are— or every email that I get. Uh, so it's, you know, it's, it's a good way to stay in touch. And we do happy hour episodes every Friday where I answer your questions actually on the show. Uh, all right, let's now talk about the Massey primary. So I think most people are getting what happened in the Massey race wrong from both directions, and let me explain a bit about why. Thomas Massey lost his primary in Kentucky's 4th Congressional District, uh, after about $30 million plus— more than $30 million was spent. Again, we're talking about in a Republican primary in Kentucky. And Massey ended up losing by about 9 points is what it looked like when I last checked. I think these two headlines are really important to understanding what went on with Massey. First, this is a headline from Politico. I'm going to break down more of the spending questions in a moment, but Massey's primary, the headline says, is the most expensive in history. Pro-Israel groups have played a huge part. Here's the second headline. This is from January 9th, 2025. and it was from FiveThirtyEight. Headline: Republicans start 2025 with the smallest House majority since 1931. And I think these two facts are independently really important for just a couple of different reasons that I want to get into here. Let's start with the spending. So reading from the New York Times, they wrote, quote, three PACs linked to pro-Israel donors have spent more than $15.5 million in the race. Uh, this is according to FEC data. That would include United Democracy Project, that's AIPAC's election arm. AIPAC, of course, is the American-Israeli Political Action Committee. They have spent $4.1 million. RJC Victory Fund, uh, that is affiliated with the Republican Jewish Coalition, came in with around $3.9 million. And MAGA Kentucky has been the largest spender, according to the Times, at $7.5 million. The PAC's finances, the Times says, have not been made fully public, but available records show that one of the group's top funders is Paul Singer, a pro-Israel billionaire investor who has also made the largest individual donation to UDP— that's the AIPAC group— over the past year, $2.5 million. MAGA Kentucky also received funds from Preserve America PAC, a group linked to Israeli-American mega donor Miriam Adelson. Details of the finances of Preserve America PAC remain unclear for this election cycle, but Adelson donated $106 $1 million to the PAC in 2024 to help elect Trump president. Now, immediately, people who supported Massey's ouster, which happened to be more than half of the voters in Kentucky for his— Kentucky's 4th District's primary last night, who voted for Ed Galraine, agreed that Massey should have been ousted. They would look at this information and say, but Thomas Massey, he had a lot of money as well. It's true. Massey, according to FEC analysis, was, was outspent eventually, um, by— it looks like it's going to be in the neighborhood, the ballpark of $3 million-ish in a race that again exceeded $30 million. It is not the most expensive congressional primary in history. Again, we're just talking about the primary, uh, and so yes, that, that is, that is accurate to say Thomas Massie had a lot of money as well. A lot of the spending was from super PACs. Now, this is also worth noting, I think. Uh, let me put this on the screen. This is from a Kentucky conservative podcast radio TV host, Andrew Cooperider, who looked at FEC data, uh, also and pointed out that the total amount donated by small dollar donors— so that's under $200 a person— for Thomas Massie was almost $2 million. For Ed Galerine, it wasn't even $200,000. It's just a, a massive difference in the sources of funding, of course. So that $2 million, relatively small portion. This is, by the way, I should mention, FEC data for the official Gowriane for Congress and Thomas Massie for Congress organizations. So that is a little bit different. That's out of a $5 million total. And like I said, most of the spending was from super PACs, but that's always an indication of somebody's connection with the grassroots. Well, how much money was from Kentucky? Let's talk about that as well. Notice found that there was a pretty small amount of money that was actually from the district, which is always the case in a situation like this one, but that Massey had a slight edge in having money that was from the district itself. I think I want to say it was like 6%. Yeah. So for both candidates, Notice reported less than 6% of named individual contributions came from zip codes in the district, though Massey had more contributions from people within his district and in the state overall. Okay. So where am I going with this? Well, I always take issue with analyses that say, oh, money just bought the voters off, right? Like money— voters have agency. And I think it's insulting, condescending, patronizing to simply say that voters were, were bought by billionaires. I think there's obviously truth to the fact that money changed the game for Thomas Massie because let's, let's go through his previous— this timeline, I think, is absolutely crucial. Thomas Massie was called Mr. No just about as soon as he got to Congress. He was referred to as Mr. No because he was voting no on his own party's priorities for a very long time. This is something that really endeared him to the residents of Kentucky's 4th District. He was an eccentric, what I believe one of those people who's sort of necessary in the political ecosystem, even when you don't agree with him. His opposition can make bills better. For example, he and Marjorie Taylor Greene, though Massie went on not to vote for the final version of the One Big Beautiful Bill, used their leverage and their votes, you know, say, we're going to ask, we might vote for this if you do X, Y, and Z. Well, because of that, uh, Massie got, and Marjorie Taylor Greene got, uh, this like handout to Big Tech, a moratorium on state tech regulation stripped from the One Big Beautiful Bill. Fantastic. And he did similar things over the course of his time in Congress. Uh, that's kind of how these people who are kooky eccentrics often wield their influences, and it can be really important. His last time I saw him was wearing a homemade debt clock. You've probably seen him doing it. He's, he's done it in just about every interview over the course of this $30+ million race in the last couple of months. He is a debt hawk. So for him, the question is always, what is it worth my vote to blow up the deficit? When it came to Kevin McCarthy, People have pointed out, well, Massey was more compliant with McCarthy than he was with Mike Johnson. The explanation for that is a lot of hardcore conservatives were more compliant with, uh, Kevin McCarthy because McCarthy was giving more to them. And so they were willing to negotiate and bargain with Kevin McCarthy because they felt confident it would result in gains to them down the road. Now, that's a little bit of a tangent, but, uh, let's look at Massie's last primaries, his most recent primaries after he came out against Trump's COVID stimulus bill in 2020. Trump went off on Thomas Massie. Massie got a primary challenger that was popular in MAGA world. Trump was furious with Massie. He made it known that he was furious with Massie, but that time it didn't stick. Their spending of about $300,000 in that campaign against Massey. And so now we need to ask ourselves what changed. I've heard a lot of people say Massey changed. Listen, the first time that I met Massey was almost 10 years ago. I really don't think this guy has changed. I think his ideas have become more, let's say, because the media has changed, right? The democratization of media has occurred. He's found an audience that is really significant as institutional trust crumbles, right? People are less trusting of both major political parties, and he's exactly the guy who has the worldview of someone who's less trusting in both political parties. And, you know, he's always just said whatever he thinks. He's always aligned himself going back to before 2020 when he thought was necessary. I mean, he voted against aid to Egypt. He's voted against aid to every country that we send foreign aid to. He's against foreign aid because he's a debt and deficit hawk. And he's, when necessary, aligned himself with, from his perspective, Ro Khanna, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Squad members going back a decade fighting aid and/or with when it comes to foreign policy in Syria and those sorts of things that most Republicans weren't crossing the aisle on. That's not new. His kind of alliance with Khanna, not new. None of that's particularly new. He won in 2024. He won his primary in 2024. With 76% of the vote. He won his primary in 2022 with 75% of the vote. He won his primary in 2020, right after Trump was going after him, with 81% of the vote. What obviously changed is the influence of money and the results I think the biggest takeaway from Massey's loss is that nobody defines MAGA except Donald Trump. Republican voters support Donald Trump. And when you force— you nationalize an election and you force people to choose between Thomas Massey and Donald Trump or Bill Cassidy and Donald Trump, they will choose Donald Trump 10 times out of 10. And that's where this gets very interesting. The money that was spent in Kentucky's 4, Kentucky's 4, by the kind of pro-Israel groups was not spent talking about Israel. It was spent making the argument that Massey, who according to the Roll Call analysis of votes, voted 77% with his party. That actually is very high, but it makes him the second low, the second least loyal to his party in the House of Representatives. The first was Brian Fitzpatrick, who Trump was talking about today. He was at 67%. The third person was at 88%. So some real distance between Massey and third place, double digits. But he votes with the party about 77% of the time, enough to earn him the Mr. No nickname historically, of course. But that's where this can make— I think we're looking at all things being even to the extent that it's possible as time marches on. The big difference is the spending that came in really did make it a question between Massey and Trump. There was a lot of money. People saw the kind of people who support the strong alliance between the United States and Israel and who are very upset with trending public opinion against Israel. In the United States are really trying to make a point. They tried to make a point in the Jamaal Bowman primary that previously was the most expensive primary in the House of Representatives, the history of the House of Representatives. I think it was south of $30 million. Still crazy for a primary. But they don't always run like the ads aren't just about Israel. In fact, they're often not about Israel at all. In Kentucky 4, this was a referendum on MAGA. That's what these ads were about. And when you again force voters to choose between Thomas Massie and MAGA, Bill Cassidy and MAGA, 9 times out of 10, probably 10 times out of 10, they will go with Donald Trump's version of MAGA. And I thought it would be worth actually putting this on the screen. Uh, it's a study that was done, um, in the Journal of Politics and it was in 2020, October 2020. And the author writes in the abstract, I find that spending on messages to voters has a statistically significant effect on voter support for candidates. Spending is especially effective in changing the composition of voters instead of convincing potential voters to switch their vote. All right, think about that. Spending is particularly effective in changing the composition of the electorate, basically. Uh, author goes on to say, not all voters are equally affected by spending— low-information voters, members of a political party in the economic dissatisfied respond, respond strongly to candidate spending. Uh, and that's a, a pretty useful bit of research that tracks with what at least I've seen over the course in my career, that what spending really can do is change the composition of the electorate. So you can motivate people to turn out who otherwise might not, uh, and the like. And when you have an arms race, uh, and someone ends up getting outspent. It's possible that was what ended up being definitive at the end of the day. Worth also looking at some of this information about the youth vote. I mean, this is— I'm just going to put this also up on the screen. I know that this is a lot, but I think, again, a lot of people are getting this wrong. This wasn't, you know, Kentucky voters saying We don't— we have no room for— we have no tolerance for anybody who criticizes the alliance with Israel. This was Kentucky voters saying we don't want people to obstruct Donald Trump. And I think, you know, from a steelmanning perspective, I disagree with it. I think Thomas Massie is, like I said, a very important part. We've had him on the show of the political ecosystem because he forces the Republican Party to be better. Would he have voted against the one big, beautiful bill if He knew that he was the deciding vote. Ultimately, he wasn't the deciding vote. There was a 4-vote margin on that bill. I don't know. He's forced to confront this very difficult question between whether it makes sense to support more money for something he supports strongly, which is border enforcement, and has over the course of his career, or if it's worth continuing to explode the debt and deficit and having a Republican Party where Nobody stands up against the spending that in retrospect, the Trump COVID stimulus, like the Biden COVID stimulus— Massie voted against both of them. Yes, absolutely contributed to the inflation that some of us are still feeling right now. So I don't think this was a referendum on the Iran war. I think it was pretty clearly a referendum on MAGA, who owns MAGA. And this poll from Qantas Insights had fascinating crosstabs about where voters went by age. Uh, really, really interesting. By gender and age, uh, the Local Spectrum affiliate wrote, Gowryne is stronger with women and Massey connects with men. The survey also found older voters prefer Gowryne, and Massey is stronger with younger and middle-aged voters. Not even close, uh, when you look at the, the polling on Massey's success with younger voters. He was by far the choice of younger voters. Gowryne was by far the choice of older voters. So there's an interesting tension there as well. Finally, just to circle back on this point about who owns MAGA and why this is so important. The first time that I ever interviewed Thomas Massie, it was with the Washington Examiner's editorial board. We had an editorial board interview with Massie in 2017, March of 2017. And this is not a question in response to a question I asked Massie. It was one of my colleagues who asked this question. I was just the one who did the write-up. Uh, he was telling us about how when he campaigned with Ron and Rand Paul in 2012, He thought, wow, all of these people are so excited about libertarian values. And he found out when he saw many of those people support Donald Trump that they were just looking for, quote, the craziest son of a bitch in the race. This quote became somewhat famous in political circles, used in books and such. And it's oddly poetic because it shows that voters still see Trump as the craziest son of a bitch in the race. And they love that about him. Republican voters still see Trump as the craziest son of a bitch in the race, and they don't want people obstructing his, quote, drain the swamp agenda. They don't like it. Now, I'm again giving the argument, and it's not one that I agree with, but it is just to say I think it's important to get this correct, that what I think really happened here to get back to the FiveThirtyEight headline, is this is the most narrow margin a political party has had since, what, the 1930s. So Massie's obstructionism— obstructionism became higher stakes for Republicans, right? Because the one big beautiful bill almost didn't pass because they had to bust their butts to win the votes of some people in their own party. To pass a bill that had immigration reform in it, for example. Massey says, if nobody stands up, these bills are going to be even worse than they are when they pass. And so he needs to present a real threat. But people in Kentucky say no. And what I think happened basically is that a lot of voters— I'm sorry, what I think happened is that big donors realized they had low-hanging fruit with Massey, that he was very vulnerable because people want Trump to define MAGA because people want the Trump agenda. Republican voters want the Trump agenda to be defined by Donald Trump, and they take it seriously and they want it to pass more than they want, you know, a debt and deficit hawk in Congress because they believe there are existential crises facing the country and they want— they want the agenda to go through. They don't want it to be obstructed. And I disagree with that argument. But big donors said that's why Thomas Massie is vulnerable. We are going to spend millions of dollars, turn this into a spending arms race, which is exactly what happened. That spending came first and then Massey scrambled to respond. Uh, and we're going to do it by convincing these voters it won't have anything to do with Massey voting against Israel or Epstein file disclosures or the Iran War. We are going to run on Massey obstructing and undermining Donald Trump, and that way we will remove We will have successfully removed a roadblock to what they see as support for Israel coming from Congress. So the young voters, the statistics of young votes, young voters supporting Donald Trump— I'm sorry, Thomas Massie in that poll should really be a wake-up call for folks who believe this approach is going to persuade young voters to be pro-Israel. I think actually in some cases it's going to backfire. And that may happen with disillusioned young voters here. I don't know. But the point that I think is really important to make, it's that the votes were about Trump. Republican voters still side with Trump. The money understood that and understood Massey was vulnerable for that reason. And it was, uh, that was sort of how two things are true at the same time. I could talk about this all day. It was a very, very interesting race. Uh, but we're gonna be back with Roy Teixeira. This is a long show, so you're gonna have to stick with me tonight. There's so much good stuff to get to. Uh, we'll be back with, with Roy Teixeira shortly to talk about the Democrats. Those are just the Republicans. But first, let's take a quick break. Well, for years, legacy media, government, and big data companies coaxed us into surrendering our digital freedom. We talk about this on the show all the time, giving lip service the whole way to privacy while leaving their digital backdoors wide open for their own purposes. Well, Unplugged set out to do something about it. The UpPhone by Unplugged is the smartphone designed to restore your rights. When it comes to blocking third-party trackers from shadowy data brokers, the UpPhone by Unplugged outshines every device on the market. And you can see it actually on the phone that I have here. This is my UP Phone. You can see it right now. You just open up, uh, the— it's actually really cool. There's a privacy center right on the home screen. You open it up and it shows you how many trackers have been blocked so far that day. You have total privacy controls on the phone. Um, and so you can just switch things on and off. And one of the absolute coolest things about the UP Phone is that there's even a battery disconnect switch. Physically on the phone. So off really means off. And all of this is independently verified and tested, so you can actually be confident in knowing your UpPhone is the most private smartphone that you could possibly buy. So check out UpPhone from Unplugged at unplugged.com/emily. That's unplugged.com/emily. As promised, here is my interview with Roy Teixeira on the state of play for Democrats amidst the tug of war in that party. As we see these playing— these battles playing out in primary races around the country. Well, there's been a lot of attention on Republican primaries, but there's a lot happening with the Democrats as well. So I'm happy to be joined by who I think is one of the most interesting people in Washington. That is, of course, Roy Teixeira. He's a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and co-founder of the Substack newsletter The Liberal Patriot. His most recent book with John Judis is Where Have All the Democrats Gone? A question that rings through many people heads to this day. Roy, thank you for being here."
> — Speaker A at 00:08
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:08] Speaker A: "Welcome to After Party, everybody. Tonight's guest is Roy Teixeira. We are going to get into a lot of the Democratic primary scene, the DNC autopsy. Have you been hearing about it? We are going deep with Roy Teixeira, who is a very interesting critic of, uh, the ideological capture of the Democratic Party on a really on a class basis is where a lot of Roy's criticism comes from. So We really had a field day. It was pre-taped earlier in the day. We had a field day with some of these races. Talarico here in Washington, DC. I have a DSA candidate that is leading for mayor. A new poll out as of today showing some of those results. Uh, we have Karen Bass. There's just so much to get to. Um, but first we are going to be talking about one of the Republican primaries. Of course, uh, you'll hear me react to the loss of Thomas Massie in his primary in just one moment. And then we'll close the show out with, um, a conversation about Stephen Colbert. I can't help but send Stephen Colbert off, uh, with, you know, some warm wishes for success. Actually, really more with, uh, some reflections on what went so wrong for Stephen Colbert. Very interesting bit of audio from Amanda Peet and video from Amanda Peet on plastic surgery, Botox, uh, and, and what sort of ultimately what it's rooted in. She's eschewed all of it, and she's of course in a great show right now, Your Friends and Neighbors, has continued to have a successful career in Hollywood. But we are going to talk about that too. So please do subscribe if you haven't subscribed yet. It's basically the most helpful way to support our journalism here at Afterparty. Subscribe on YouTube, like, comment— all of that is incredibly helpful. Subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. And, uh, you know, if you, if you want to email me, I'm emily@devilmaycaremedia.com. Uh, as many of you know because we email, I really do respond, uh, to just about everything, uh, that we are— or every email that I get. Uh, so it's, you know, it's, it's a good way to stay in touch. And we do happy hour episodes every Friday where I answer your questions actually on the show. Uh, all right, let's now talk about the Massey primary. So I think most people are getting what happened in the Massey race wrong from both directions, and let me explain a bit about why. Thomas Massey lost his primary in Kentucky's 4th Congressional District, uh, after about $30 million plus— more than $30 million was spent. Again, we're talking about in a Republican primary in Kentucky. And Massey ended up losing by about 9 points is what it looked like when I last checked. I think these two headlines are really important to understanding what went on with Massey. First, this is a headline from Politico. I'm going to break down more of the spending questions in a moment, but Massey's primary, the headline says, is the most expensive in history. Pro-Israel groups have played a huge part. Here's the second headline. This is from January 9th, 2025. and it was from FiveThirtyEight. Headline: Republicans start 2025 with the smallest House majority since 1931. And I think these two facts are independently really important for just a couple of different reasons that I want to get into here. Let's start with the spending. So reading from the New York Times, they wrote, quote, three PACs linked to pro-Israel donors have spent more than $15.5 million in the race. Uh, this is according to FEC data. That would include United Democracy Project, that's AIPAC's election arm. AIPAC, of course, is the American-Israeli Political Action Committee. They have spent $4.1 million. RJC Victory Fund, uh, that is affiliated with the Republican Jewish Coalition, came in with around $3.9 million. And MAGA Kentucky has been the largest spender, according to the Times, at $7.5 million. The PAC's finances, the Times says, have not been made fully public, but available records show that one of the group's top funders is Paul Singer, a pro-Israel billionaire investor who has also made the largest individual donation to UDP— that's the AIPAC group— over the past year, $2.5 million. MAGA Kentucky also received funds from Preserve America PAC, a group linked to Israeli-American mega donor Miriam Adelson. Details of the finances of Preserve America PAC remain unclear for this election cycle, but Adelson donated $106 $1 million to the PAC in 2024 to help elect Trump president. Now, immediately, people who supported Massey's ouster, which happened to be more than half of the voters in Kentucky for his— Kentucky's 4th District's primary last night, who voted for Ed Galraine, agreed that Massey should have been ousted. They would look at this information and say, but Thomas Massey, he had a lot of money as well. It's true. Massey, according to FEC analysis, was, was outspent eventually, um, by— it looks like it's going to be in the neighborhood, the ballpark of $3 million-ish in a race that again exceeded $30 million. It is not the most expensive congressional primary in history. Again, we're just talking about the primary, uh, and so yes, that, that is, that is accurate to say Thomas Massie had a lot of money as well. A lot of the spending was from super PACs. Now, this is also worth noting, I think. Uh, let me put this on the screen. This is from a Kentucky conservative podcast radio TV host, Andrew Cooperider, who looked at FEC data, uh, also and pointed out that the total amount donated by small dollar donors— so that's under $200 a person— for Thomas Massie was almost $2 million. For Ed Galerine, it wasn't even $200,000. It's just a, a massive difference in the sources of funding, of course. So that $2 million, relatively small portion. This is, by the way, I should mention, FEC data for the official Gowriane for Congress and Thomas Massie for Congress organizations. So that is a little bit different. That's out of a $5 million total. And like I said, most of the spending was from super PACs, but that's always an indication of somebody's connection with the grassroots. Well, how much money was from Kentucky? Let's talk about that as well. Notice found that there was a pretty small amount of money that was actually from the district, which is always the case in a situation like this one, but that Massey had a slight edge in having money that was from the district itself. I think I want to say it was like 6%. Yeah. So for both candidates, Notice reported less than 6% of named individual contributions came from zip codes in the district, though Massey had more contributions from people within his district and in the state overall. Okay. So where am I going with this? Well, I always take issue with analyses that say, oh, money just bought the voters off, right? Like money— voters have agency. And I think it's insulting, condescending, patronizing to simply say that voters were, were bought by billionaires. I think there's obviously truth to the fact that money changed the game for Thomas Massie because let's, let's go through his previous— this timeline, I think, is absolutely crucial. Thomas Massie was called Mr. No just about as soon as he got to Congress. He was referred to as Mr. No because he was voting no on his own party's priorities for a very long time. This is something that really endeared him to the residents of Kentucky's 4th District. He was an eccentric, what I believe one of those people who's sort of necessary in the political ecosystem, even when you don't agree with him. His opposition can make bills better. For example, he and Marjorie Taylor Greene, though Massie went on not to vote for the final version of the One Big Beautiful Bill, used their leverage and their votes, you know, say, we're going to ask, we might vote for this if you do X, Y, and Z. Well, because of that, uh, Massie got, and Marjorie Taylor Greene got, uh, this like handout to Big Tech, a moratorium on state tech regulation stripped from the One Big Beautiful Bill. Fantastic. And he did similar things over the course of his time in Congress. Uh, that's kind of how these people who are kooky eccentrics often wield their influences, and it can be really important. His last time I saw him was wearing a homemade debt clock. You've probably seen him doing it. He's, he's done it in just about every interview over the course of this $30+ million race in the last couple of months. He is a debt hawk. So for him, the question is always, what is it worth my vote to blow up the deficit? When it came to Kevin McCarthy, People have pointed out, well, Massey was more compliant with McCarthy than he was with Mike Johnson. The explanation for that is a lot of hardcore conservatives were more compliant with, uh, Kevin McCarthy because McCarthy was giving more to them. And so they were willing to negotiate and bargain with Kevin McCarthy because they felt confident it would result in gains to them down the road. Now, that's a little bit of a tangent, but, uh, let's look at Massie's last primaries, his most recent primaries after he came out against Trump's COVID stimulus bill in 2020. Trump went off on Thomas Massie. Massie got a primary challenger that was popular in MAGA world. Trump was furious with Massie. He made it known that he was furious with Massie, but that time it didn't stick. Their spending of about $300,000 in that campaign against Massey. And so now we need to ask ourselves what changed. I've heard a lot of people say Massey changed. Listen, the first time that I met Massey was almost 10 years ago. I really don't think this guy has changed. I think his ideas have become more, let's say, because the media has changed, right? The democratization of media has occurred. He's found an audience that is really significant as institutional trust crumbles, right? People are less trusting of both major political parties, and he's exactly the guy who has the worldview of someone who's less trusting in both political parties. And, you know, he's always just said whatever he thinks. He's always aligned himself going back to before 2020 when he thought was necessary. I mean, he voted against aid to Egypt. He's voted against aid to every country that we send foreign aid to. He's against foreign aid because he's a debt and deficit hawk. And he's, when necessary, aligned himself with, from his perspective, Ro Khanna, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Squad members going back a decade fighting aid and/or with when it comes to foreign policy in Syria and those sorts of things that most Republicans weren't crossing the aisle on. That's not new. His kind of alliance with Khanna, not new. None of that's particularly new. He won in 2024. He won his primary in 2024. With 76% of the vote. He won his primary in 2022 with 75% of the vote. He won his primary in 2020, right after Trump was going after him, with 81% of the vote. What obviously changed is the influence of money and the results I think the biggest takeaway from Massey's loss is that nobody defines MAGA except Donald Trump. Republican voters support Donald Trump. And when you force— you nationalize an election and you force people to choose between Thomas Massey and Donald Trump or Bill Cassidy and Donald Trump, they will choose Donald Trump 10 times out of 10. And that's where this gets very interesting. The money that was spent in Kentucky's 4, Kentucky's 4, by the kind of pro-Israel groups was not spent talking about Israel. It was spent making the argument that Massey, who according to the Roll Call analysis of votes, voted 77% with his party. That actually is very high, but it makes him the second low, the second least loyal to his party in the House of Representatives. The first was Brian Fitzpatrick, who Trump was talking about today. He was at 67%. The third person was at 88%. So some real distance between Massey and third place, double digits. But he votes with the party about 77% of the time, enough to earn him the Mr. No nickname historically, of course. But that's where this can make— I think we're looking at all things being even to the extent that it's possible as time marches on. The big difference is the spending that came in really did make it a question between Massey and Trump. There was a lot of money. People saw the kind of people who support the strong alliance between the United States and Israel and who are very upset with trending public opinion against Israel. In the United States are really trying to make a point. They tried to make a point in the Jamaal Bowman primary that previously was the most expensive primary in the House of Representatives, the history of the House of Representatives. I think it was south of $30 million. Still crazy for a primary. But they don't always run like the ads aren't just about Israel. In fact, they're often not about Israel at all. In Kentucky 4, this was a referendum on MAGA. That's what these ads were about. And when you again force voters to choose between Thomas Massie and MAGA, Bill Cassidy and MAGA, 9 times out of 10, probably 10 times out of 10, they will go with Donald Trump's version of MAGA. And I thought it would be worth actually putting this on the screen. Uh, it's a study that was done, um, in the Journal of Politics and it was in 2020, October 2020. And the author writes in the abstract, I find that spending on messages to voters has a statistically significant effect on voter support for candidates. Spending is especially effective in changing the composition of voters instead of convincing potential voters to switch their vote. All right, think about that. Spending is particularly effective in changing the composition of the electorate, basically. Uh, author goes on to say, not all voters are equally affected by spending— low-information voters, members of a political party in the economic dissatisfied respond, respond strongly to candidate spending. Uh, and that's a, a pretty useful bit of research that tracks with what at least I've seen over the course in my career, that what spending really can do is change the composition of the electorate. So you can motivate people to turn out who otherwise might not, uh, and the like. And when you have an arms race, uh, and someone ends up getting outspent. It's possible that was what ended up being definitive at the end of the day. Worth also looking at some of this information about the youth vote. I mean, this is— I'm just going to put this also up on the screen. I know that this is a lot, but I think, again, a lot of people are getting this wrong. This wasn't, you know, Kentucky voters saying We don't— we have no room for— we have no tolerance for anybody who criticizes the alliance with Israel. This was Kentucky voters saying we don't want people to obstruct Donald Trump. And I think, you know, from a steelmanning perspective, I disagree with it. I think Thomas Massie is, like I said, a very important part. We've had him on the show of the political ecosystem because he forces the Republican Party to be better. Would he have voted against the one big, beautiful bill if He knew that he was the deciding vote. Ultimately, he wasn't the deciding vote. There was a 4-vote margin on that bill. I don't know. He's forced to confront this very difficult question between whether it makes sense to support more money for something he supports strongly, which is border enforcement, and has over the course of his career, or if it's worth continuing to explode the debt and deficit and having a Republican Party where Nobody stands up against the spending that in retrospect, the Trump COVID stimulus, like the Biden COVID stimulus— Massie voted against both of them. Yes, absolutely contributed to the inflation that some of us are still feeling right now. So I don't think this was a referendum on the Iran war. I think it was pretty clearly a referendum on MAGA, who owns MAGA. And this poll from Qantas Insights had fascinating crosstabs about where voters went by age. Uh, really, really interesting. By gender and age, uh, the Local Spectrum affiliate wrote, Gowryne is stronger with women and Massey connects with men. The survey also found older voters prefer Gowryne, and Massey is stronger with younger and middle-aged voters. Not even close, uh, when you look at the, the polling on Massey's success with younger voters. He was by far the choice of younger voters. Gowryne was by far the choice of older voters. So there's an interesting tension there as well. Finally, just to circle back on this point about who owns MAGA and why this is so important. The first time that I ever interviewed Thomas Massie, it was with the Washington Examiner's editorial board. We had an editorial board interview with Massie in 2017, March of 2017. And this is not a question in response to a question I asked Massie. It was one of my colleagues who asked this question. I was just the one who did the write-up. Uh, he was telling us about how when he campaigned with Ron and Rand Paul in 2012, He thought, wow, all of these people are so excited about libertarian values. And he found out when he saw many of those people support Donald Trump that they were just looking for, quote, the craziest son of a bitch in the race. This quote became somewhat famous in political circles, used in books and such. And it's oddly poetic because it shows that voters still see Trump as the craziest son of a bitch in the race. And they love that about him. Republican voters still see Trump as the craziest son of a bitch in the race, and they don't want people obstructing his, quote, drain the swamp agenda. They don't like it. Now, I'm again giving the argument, and it's not one that I agree with, but it is just to say I think it's important to get this correct, that what I think really happened here to get back to the FiveThirtyEight headline, is this is the most narrow margin a political party has had since, what, the 1930s. So Massie's obstructionism— obstructionism became higher stakes for Republicans, right? Because the one big beautiful bill almost didn't pass because they had to bust their butts to win the votes of some people in their own party. To pass a bill that had immigration reform in it, for example. Massey says, if nobody stands up, these bills are going to be even worse than they are when they pass. And so he needs to present a real threat. But people in Kentucky say no. And what I think happened basically is that a lot of voters— I'm sorry, what I think happened is that big donors realized they had low-hanging fruit with Massey, that he was very vulnerable because people want Trump to define MAGA because people want the Trump agenda. Republican voters want the Trump agenda to be defined by Donald Trump, and they take it seriously and they want it to pass more than they want, you know, a debt and deficit hawk in Congress because they believe there are existential crises facing the country and they want— they want the agenda to go through. They don't want it to be obstructed. And I disagree with that argument. But big donors said that's why Thomas Massie is vulnerable. We are going to spend millions of dollars, turn this into a spending arms race, which is exactly what happened. That spending came first and then Massey scrambled to respond. Uh, and we're going to do it by convincing these voters it won't have anything to do with Massey voting against Israel or Epstein file disclosures or the Iran War. We are going to run on Massey obstructing and undermining Donald Trump, and that way we will remove We will have successfully removed a roadblock to what they see as support for Israel coming from Congress. So the young voters, the statistics of young votes, young voters supporting Donald Trump— I'm sorry, Thomas Massie in that poll should really be a wake-up call for folks who believe this approach is going to persuade young voters to be pro-Israel. I think actually in some cases it's going to backfire. And that may happen with disillusioned young voters here. I don't know. But the point that I think is really important to make, it's that the votes were about Trump. Republican voters still side with Trump. The money understood that and understood Massey was vulnerable for that reason. And it was, uh, that was sort of how two things are true at the same time. I could talk about this all day. It was a very, very interesting race. Uh, but we're gonna be back with Roy Teixeira. This is a long show, so you're gonna have to stick with me tonight. There's so much good stuff to get to. Uh, we'll be back with, with Roy Teixeira shortly to talk about the Democrats. Those are just the Republicans. But first, let's take a quick break. Well, for years, legacy media, government, and big data companies coaxed us into surrendering our digital freedom. We talk about this on the show all the time, giving lip service the whole way to privacy while leaving their digital backdoors wide open for their own purposes. Well, Unplugged set out to do something about it. The UpPhone by Unplugged is the smartphone designed to restore your rights. When it comes to blocking third-party trackers from shadowy data brokers, the UpPhone by Unplugged outshines every device on the market. And you can see it actually on the phone that I have here. This is my UP Phone. You can see it right now. You just open up, uh, the— it's actually really cool. There's a privacy center right on the home screen. You open it up and it shows you how many trackers have been blocked so far that day. You have total privacy controls on the phone. Um, and so you can just switch things on and off. And one of the absolute coolest things about the UP Phone is that there's even a battery disconnect switch. Physically on the phone. So off really means off. And all of this is independently verified and tested, so you can actually be confident in knowing your UpPhone is the most private smartphone that you could possibly buy. So check out UpPhone from Unplugged at unplugged.com/emily. That's unplugged.com/emily. As promised, here is my interview with Roy Teixeira on the state of play for Democrats amidst the tug of war in that party. As we see these playing— these battles playing out in primary races around the country. Well, there's been a lot of attention on Republican primaries, but there's a lot happening with the Democrats as well. So I'm happy to be joined by who I think is one of the most interesting people in Washington. That is, of course, Roy Teixeira. He's a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and co-founder of the Substack newsletter The Liberal Patriot. His most recent book with John Judis is Where Have All the Democrats Gone? A question that rings through many people heads to this day. Roy, thank you for being here."
- [58:23] Speaker B: "Yeah, yeah. No, that's just— it's just so crazy. Well, hey, but don't you know? Don't you know, Emily, crime is down? You know, why are you worrying about a few teen takeovers? I mean, you know, you know, kids, they get a little bit out of control. No, this is just an example of how Democrats refuse to respond to a thunderously obvious problem by doing the thunderingly obvious, which is to crack down and use whatever tools you have to crack down instead of like some mealy-mouthed baloney about how, Well, you know, it isn't quite the right way we should treat our kids and they need something to do. And, you know, we should have more teen basketball, midnight basketball or something. I mean, this is ridiculous. When public order is breaking down, you seek to restore order. When crime is happening, you seek to stop crime. When shoplifting is happening, you toughen up and you seek to make it, you know, raise the cost for criminals to shoplift. I mean, this is like totally normie cost-benefit analysis that every normal human understands, but that so many people in the Democratic Party do not. I mean, and interesting that the Washington, D.C. mayor, okay, it's very similar to what Brandon Johnson has said about similar things in Chicago. Right. And, you know, back to sort of to your point about who supports this kind of stuff. I mean, obviously, there's going to be certain, you know, some certain elements of the Black community are fairly radical and might support it. But the normie Black community doesn't support it. Who really supports it? Basically the white, young, liberal professional community. I mean, we saw that in Chicago. Brandon Johnson does not get elected without a huge swath of support from the more upscale, professionalized areas of Chicago that are very liberal against, you know, white candidate, but a much more conservative candidate who is closer, I think, to what the median voter wants in terms of running their city. But this is just classic. You know, we have some mayors who have tried to break the mold, like in San Francisco with Dan Luria. But it's still very common for Democratic mayors to have all these terrible positions, to do nothing about things that people think are profound problems and affect their quality of life in a big metro area. And they refuse to do it, do anything about it, because, you know, that would be racist. It's not the right tools. You know, we've We have to be kind or whatever. I mean, look at— look at Karen Bass in Los Angeles."
- [60:40] Speaker A: "Hey, you know, but let me stop because we've got a great clip. Yeah, we have a great clip of Karen Bass. All right, this is going to be— I have a feeling I wanted to get your reaction to this, uh, next. This is exactly where I was going. Karen Bass, Western Lensman on X, put together this compilation of what she said on homelessness and what she's accomplished on homelessness before, uh, her first election and now that she is running once again. Let's roll it. What's your goal by the end of your first term in 2026, and what lessons do you think other cities can learn from what you've done?"
- [62:06] Speaker B: "Yeah, well, again, I think this is a good example of how people don't take a lot of Democratic politicians seriously in terms of dealing with these kinds of problems because, you know, they're not complete idiots. So they'll say if there's a problem, homelessness, crime, whatever, we'll do something about it. Yeah, we'll do something about it. But then they don't. And they don't even act like, you know, what's her excuse? Like the bureaucracy is standing in my way. Well, but you are the bureaucracy. I mean, in a city like Los Angeles, a lot of other blue cities, I mean, the bureaucracy is basically something nourished by the Democrats and their NGOs and so on. And unless you're willing to stand up to that and, you know, kick ass and take names, yeah, nothing's going to happen. But that's your fault. It's not— you can't just blame it on, you know, you your comrades of the bureaucracy. I mean, you get elected to get something done. If you don't get it done, you can't weasel out of it by saying, "Oh, they wouldn't let me." I mean, and this is a classic example of something that just reveals that the underlying commitments and position of Democrats like that on fundamental issues of social order, crime, well, you know, we can bring in other things, immigration, race, climate, whatever. I mean, they haven't changed. They haven't changed. They're simply tactically adjusting to the fact people are annoyed about this stuff. So they're— they'll absolutely say they're going to do something about it, but they absolutely won't really do anything about it because they're not breaking with the fundamental paradigm of democratic governance on a lot of these issues. So, you know, it's, uh, it's sad, but there it is. But I mean, as long as the Karen Basses and Brandon Johnsons of the of the world are around. And, you know, we don't know how Zohran Mondani is going to turn out in New York. I just think it's really hard for Democrats, you know, back to their image, back to their brand. I think it's hard for them to change their brand when so many people are so closely associated with the Democratic Party and have such power within the party and in general, when they're not changing their positions, when they're not effective at what they're supposed to be doing, and they're not willing to just stand up and say, 'You know, teens rioting in the Chipotle, that's really bad. I'm gonna stop it right now. We're gonna get those teens off the street.' You know, I mean, instead it's like, 'Well, I don't know. I mean, you know, kids like to get together and have fun, and you know, I don't know what, you know.' I mean, the curf— what's wrong with the curfew? It's like, come on. And the rest of her stuff, it was so crazy I'd forgotten half of it. The ICE is around and federal troops around. She was like, This is like throwing everything into the pot and mixing it around, all the things that Democrat, liberal Democrats are supposedly worried about. So somehow teens rioting at Chipotle, if we implement a curfew, somehow this will interact with like, you know, federal troops and with ICE agents to produce what? To produce what? I mean, what are they gonna do? Like arrest everybody and put 'em in concentration camps? This is a sort of insane, you know, sort of, completely speculative. It doesn't even make any sense, right? I mean, that's kind of what I'm getting at here. If you actually sat there and thought about it for 5 seconds, it doesn't make any sense what she's saying. But she says it anyway because she can get away with it. And why can she get away with it? Because there's such a huge proportion of the Democratic electorate that believes this bullshit and was willing to listen to it, you know, and particularly people who vote in primaries, which are not the same as the median Democratic voter. So there is much— there's much to be gained still by Democratic politicians from saying all this nonsense, right? Both in terms of, you know, outright sort of standard-issue voter support, also money. Don't forget money. Always follow the money. People like Graham Plattner, you know, was able to raise an enormous amount of money in his Maine race because he caught the ear of the online activists and the people who pay attention to this stuff. And he started raking in small donations. So, So there's this sort of like sort of whole system now that a lot of Democrats are enveloped in that encourages them to take crazy positions because it's maybe a crazy position and maybe like what normal people don't want may not be what the people want, but it's what Democratic activists and small donors want. So I can definitely, I can definitely get ahead by doing this. So there's all these disincentives. If you're a Democratic politician, from taking sensible positions and challenging the priorities and orthodoxies of the party. And I think, again, back to our, you know, why didn't they figure things out after 2024? That's part of the reason, especially once Trump got going. And, you know, they had the anti-Trump animus to build on, the ICE raids and what have you. I mean, why rethink anything? I mean, we're the good guys here. Mm-hmm."

## Full Transcript

[00:08] **Speaker A:** Welcome to After Party, everybody. Tonight's guest is Roy Teixeira. We are going to get into a lot of the Democratic primary scene, the DNC autopsy. Have you been hearing about it? We are going deep with Roy Teixeira, who is a very interesting critic of, uh, the ideological capture of the Democratic Party on a really on a class basis is where a lot of Roy's criticism comes from. So We really had a field day. It was pre-taped earlier in the day. We had a field day with some of these races. Talarico here in Washington, DC. I have a DSA candidate that is leading for mayor. A new poll out as of today showing some of those results. Uh, we have Karen Bass. There's just so much to get to. Um, but first we are going to be talking about one of the Republican primaries. Of course, uh, you'll hear me react to the loss of Thomas Massie in his primary in just one moment. And then we'll close the show out with, um, a conversation about Stephen Colbert. I can't help but send Stephen Colbert off, uh, with, you know, some warm wishes for success. Actually, really more with, uh, some reflections on what went so wrong for Stephen Colbert. Very interesting bit of audio from Amanda Peet and video from Amanda Peet on plastic surgery, Botox, uh, and, and what sort of ultimately what it's rooted in. She's eschewed all of it, and she's of course in a great show right now, Your Friends and Neighbors, has continued to have a successful career in Hollywood. But we are going to talk about that too. So please do subscribe if you haven't subscribed yet. It's basically the most helpful way to support our journalism here at Afterparty. Subscribe on YouTube, like, comment— all of that is incredibly helpful. Subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. And, uh, you know, if you, if you want to email me, I'm emily@devilmaycaremedia.com. Uh, as many of you know because we email, I really do respond, uh, to just about everything, uh, that we are— or every email that I get. Uh, so it's, you know, it's, it's a good way to stay in touch. And we do happy hour episodes every Friday where I answer your questions actually on the show. Uh, all right, let's now talk about the Massey primary. So I think most people are getting what happened in the Massey race wrong from both directions, and let me explain a bit about why. Thomas Massey lost his primary in Kentucky's 4th Congressional District, uh, after about $30 million plus— more than $30 million was spent. Again, we're talking about in a Republican primary in Kentucky. And Massey ended up losing by about 9 points is what it looked like when I last checked. I think these two headlines are really important to understanding what went on with Massey. First, this is a headline from Politico. I'm going to break down more of the spending questions in a moment, but Massey's primary, the headline says, is the most expensive in history. Pro-Israel groups have played a huge part. Here's the second headline. This is from January 9th, 2025. and it was from FiveThirtyEight. Headline: Republicans start 2025 with the smallest House majority since 1931. And I think these two facts are independently really important for just a couple of different reasons that I want to get into here. Let's start with the spending. So reading from the New York Times, they wrote, quote, three PACs linked to pro-Israel donors have spent more than $15.5 million in the race. Uh, this is according to FEC data. That would include United Democracy Project, that's AIPAC's election arm. AIPAC, of course, is the American-Israeli Political Action Committee. They have spent $4.1 million. RJC Victory Fund, uh, that is affiliated with the Republican Jewish Coalition, came in with around $3.9 million. And MAGA Kentucky has been the largest spender, according to the Times, at $7.5 million. The PAC's finances, the Times says, have not been made fully public, but available records show that one of the group's top funders is Paul Singer, a pro-Israel billionaire investor who has also made the largest individual donation to UDP— that's the AIPAC group— over the past year, $2.5 million. MAGA Kentucky also received funds from Preserve America PAC, a group linked to Israeli-American mega donor Miriam Adelson. Details of the finances of Preserve America PAC remain unclear for this election cycle, but Adelson donated $106 $1 million to the PAC in 2024 to help elect Trump president. Now, immediately, people who supported Massey's ouster, which happened to be more than half of the voters in Kentucky for his— Kentucky's 4th District's primary last night, who voted for Ed Galraine, agreed that Massey should have been ousted. They would look at this information and say, but Thomas Massey, he had a lot of money as well. It's true. Massey, according to FEC analysis, was, was outspent eventually, um, by— it looks like it's going to be in the neighborhood, the ballpark of $3 million-ish in a race that again exceeded $30 million. It is not the most expensive congressional primary in history. Again, we're just talking about the primary, uh, and so yes, that, that is, that is accurate to say Thomas Massie had a lot of money as well. A lot of the spending was from super PACs. Now, this is also worth noting, I think. Uh, let me put this on the screen. This is from a Kentucky conservative podcast radio TV host, Andrew Cooperider, who looked at FEC data, uh, also and pointed out that the total amount donated by small dollar donors— so that's under $200 a person— for Thomas Massie was almost $2 million. For Ed Galerine, it wasn't even $200,000. It's just a, a massive difference in the sources of funding, of course. So that $2 million, relatively small portion. This is, by the way, I should mention, FEC data for the official Gowriane for Congress and Thomas Massie for Congress organizations. So that is a little bit different. That's out of a $5 million total. And like I said, most of the spending was from super PACs, but that's always an indication of somebody's connection with the grassroots. Well, how much money was from Kentucky? Let's talk about that as well. Notice found that there was a pretty small amount of money that was actually from the district, which is always the case in a situation like this one, but that Massey had a slight edge in having money that was from the district itself. I think I want to say it was like 6%. Yeah. So for both candidates, Notice reported less than 6% of named individual contributions came from zip codes in the district, though Massey had more contributions from people within his district and in the state overall. Okay. So where am I going with this? Well, I always take issue with analyses that say, oh, money just bought the voters off, right? Like money— voters have agency. And I think it's insulting, condescending, patronizing to simply say that voters were, were bought by billionaires. I think there's obviously truth to the fact that money changed the game for Thomas Massie because let's, let's go through his previous— this timeline, I think, is absolutely crucial. Thomas Massie was called Mr. No just about as soon as he got to Congress. He was referred to as Mr. No because he was voting no on his own party's priorities for a very long time. This is something that really endeared him to the residents of Kentucky's 4th District. He was an eccentric, what I believe one of those people who's sort of necessary in the political ecosystem, even when you don't agree with him. His opposition can make bills better. For example, he and Marjorie Taylor Greene, though Massie went on not to vote for the final version of the One Big Beautiful Bill, used their leverage and their votes, you know, say, we're going to ask, we might vote for this if you do X, Y, and Z. Well, because of that, uh, Massie got, and Marjorie Taylor Greene got, uh, this like handout to Big Tech, a moratorium on state tech regulation stripped from the One Big Beautiful Bill. Fantastic. And he did similar things over the course of his time in Congress. Uh, that's kind of how these people who are kooky eccentrics often wield their influences, and it can be really important. His last time I saw him was wearing a homemade debt clock. You've probably seen him doing it. He's, he's done it in just about every interview over the course of this $30+ million race in the last couple of months. He is a debt hawk. So for him, the question is always, what is it worth my vote to blow up the deficit? When it came to Kevin McCarthy, People have pointed out, well, Massey was more compliant with McCarthy than he was with Mike Johnson. The explanation for that is a lot of hardcore conservatives were more compliant with, uh, Kevin McCarthy because McCarthy was giving more to them. And so they were willing to negotiate and bargain with Kevin McCarthy because they felt confident it would result in gains to them down the road. Now, that's a little bit of a tangent, but, uh, let's look at Massie's last primaries, his most recent primaries after he came out against Trump's COVID stimulus bill in 2020. Trump went off on Thomas Massie. Massie got a primary challenger that was popular in MAGA world. Trump was furious with Massie. He made it known that he was furious with Massie, but that time it didn't stick. Their spending of about $300,000 in that campaign against Massey. And so now we need to ask ourselves what changed. I've heard a lot of people say Massey changed. Listen, the first time that I met Massey was almost 10 years ago. I really don't think this guy has changed. I think his ideas have become more, let's say, because the media has changed, right? The democratization of media has occurred. He's found an audience that is really significant as institutional trust crumbles, right? People are less trusting of both major political parties, and he's exactly the guy who has the worldview of someone who's less trusting in both political parties. And, you know, he's always just said whatever he thinks. He's always aligned himself going back to before 2020 when he thought was necessary. I mean, he voted against aid to Egypt. He's voted against aid to every country that we send foreign aid to. He's against foreign aid because he's a debt and deficit hawk. And he's, when necessary, aligned himself with, from his perspective, Ro Khanna, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Squad members going back a decade fighting aid and/or with when it comes to foreign policy in Syria and those sorts of things that most Republicans weren't crossing the aisle on. That's not new. His kind of alliance with Khanna, not new. None of that's particularly new. He won in 2024. He won his primary in 2024. With 76% of the vote. He won his primary in 2022 with 75% of the vote. He won his primary in 2020, right after Trump was going after him, with 81% of the vote. What obviously changed is the influence of money and the results I think the biggest takeaway from Massey's loss is that nobody defines MAGA except Donald Trump. Republican voters support Donald Trump. And when you force— you nationalize an election and you force people to choose between Thomas Massey and Donald Trump or Bill Cassidy and Donald Trump, they will choose Donald Trump 10 times out of 10. And that's where this gets very interesting. The money that was spent in Kentucky's 4, Kentucky's 4, by the kind of pro-Israel groups was not spent talking about Israel. It was spent making the argument that Massey, who according to the Roll Call analysis of votes, voted 77% with his party. That actually is very high, but it makes him the second low, the second least loyal to his party in the House of Representatives. The first was Brian Fitzpatrick, who Trump was talking about today. He was at 67%. The third person was at 88%. So some real distance between Massey and third place, double digits. But he votes with the party about 77% of the time, enough to earn him the Mr. No nickname historically, of course. But that's where this can make— I think we're looking at all things being even to the extent that it's possible as time marches on. The big difference is the spending that came in really did make it a question between Massey and Trump. There was a lot of money. People saw the kind of people who support the strong alliance between the United States and Israel and who are very upset with trending public opinion against Israel. In the United States are really trying to make a point. They tried to make a point in the Jamaal Bowman primary that previously was the most expensive primary in the House of Representatives, the history of the House of Representatives. I think it was south of $30 million. Still crazy for a primary. But they don't always run like the ads aren't just about Israel. In fact, they're often not about Israel at all. In Kentucky 4, this was a referendum on MAGA. That's what these ads were about. And when you again force voters to choose between Thomas Massie and MAGA, Bill Cassidy and MAGA, 9 times out of 10, probably 10 times out of 10, they will go with Donald Trump's version of MAGA. And I thought it would be worth actually putting this on the screen. Uh, it's a study that was done, um, in the Journal of Politics and it was in 2020, October 2020. And the author writes in the abstract, I find that spending on messages to voters has a statistically significant effect on voter support for candidates. Spending is especially effective in changing the composition of voters instead of convincing potential voters to switch their vote. All right, think about that. Spending is particularly effective in changing the composition of the electorate, basically. Uh, author goes on to say, not all voters are equally affected by spending— low-information voters, members of a political party in the economic dissatisfied respond, respond strongly to candidate spending. Uh, and that's a, a pretty useful bit of research that tracks with what at least I've seen over the course in my career, that what spending really can do is change the composition of the electorate. So you can motivate people to turn out who otherwise might not, uh, and the like. And when you have an arms race, uh, and someone ends up getting outspent. It's possible that was what ended up being definitive at the end of the day. Worth also looking at some of this information about the youth vote. I mean, this is— I'm just going to put this also up on the screen. I know that this is a lot, but I think, again, a lot of people are getting this wrong. This wasn't, you know, Kentucky voters saying We don't— we have no room for— we have no tolerance for anybody who criticizes the alliance with Israel. This was Kentucky voters saying we don't want people to obstruct Donald Trump. And I think, you know, from a steelmanning perspective, I disagree with it. I think Thomas Massie is, like I said, a very important part. We've had him on the show of the political ecosystem because he forces the Republican Party to be better. Would he have voted against the one big, beautiful bill if He knew that he was the deciding vote. Ultimately, he wasn't the deciding vote. There was a 4-vote margin on that bill. I don't know. He's forced to confront this very difficult question between whether it makes sense to support more money for something he supports strongly, which is border enforcement, and has over the course of his career, or if it's worth continuing to explode the debt and deficit and having a Republican Party where Nobody stands up against the spending that in retrospect, the Trump COVID stimulus, like the Biden COVID stimulus— Massie voted against both of them. Yes, absolutely contributed to the inflation that some of us are still feeling right now. So I don't think this was a referendum on the Iran war. I think it was pretty clearly a referendum on MAGA, who owns MAGA. And this poll from Qantas Insights had fascinating crosstabs about where voters went by age. Uh, really, really interesting. By gender and age, uh, the Local Spectrum affiliate wrote, Gowryne is stronger with women and Massey connects with men. The survey also found older voters prefer Gowryne, and Massey is stronger with younger and middle-aged voters. Not even close, uh, when you look at the, the polling on Massey's success with younger voters. He was by far the choice of younger voters. Gowryne was by far the choice of older voters. So there's an interesting tension there as well. Finally, just to circle back on this point about who owns MAGA and why this is so important. The first time that I ever interviewed Thomas Massie, it was with the Washington Examiner's editorial board. We had an editorial board interview with Massie in 2017, March of 2017. And this is not a question in response to a question I asked Massie. It was one of my colleagues who asked this question. I was just the one who did the write-up. Uh, he was telling us about how when he campaigned with Ron and Rand Paul in 2012, He thought, wow, all of these people are so excited about libertarian values. And he found out when he saw many of those people support Donald Trump that they were just looking for, quote, the craziest son of a bitch in the race. This quote became somewhat famous in political circles, used in books and such. And it's oddly poetic because it shows that voters still see Trump as the craziest son of a bitch in the race. And they love that about him. Republican voters still see Trump as the craziest son of a bitch in the race, and they don't want people obstructing his, quote, drain the swamp agenda. They don't like it. Now, I'm again giving the argument, and it's not one that I agree with, but it is just to say I think it's important to get this correct, that what I think really happened here to get back to the FiveThirtyEight headline, is this is the most narrow margin a political party has had since, what, the 1930s. So Massie's obstructionism— obstructionism became higher stakes for Republicans, right? Because the one big beautiful bill almost didn't pass because they had to bust their butts to win the votes of some people in their own party. To pass a bill that had immigration reform in it, for example. Massey says, if nobody stands up, these bills are going to be even worse than they are when they pass. And so he needs to present a real threat. But people in Kentucky say no. And what I think happened basically is that a lot of voters— I'm sorry, what I think happened is that big donors realized they had low-hanging fruit with Massey, that he was very vulnerable because people want Trump to define MAGA because people want the Trump agenda. Republican voters want the Trump agenda to be defined by Donald Trump, and they take it seriously and they want it to pass more than they want, you know, a debt and deficit hawk in Congress because they believe there are existential crises facing the country and they want— they want the agenda to go through. They don't want it to be obstructed. And I disagree with that argument. But big donors said that's why Thomas Massie is vulnerable. We are going to spend millions of dollars, turn this into a spending arms race, which is exactly what happened. That spending came first and then Massey scrambled to respond. Uh, and we're going to do it by convincing these voters it won't have anything to do with Massey voting against Israel or Epstein file disclosures or the Iran War. We are going to run on Massey obstructing and undermining Donald Trump, and that way we will remove We will have successfully removed a roadblock to what they see as support for Israel coming from Congress. So the young voters, the statistics of young votes, young voters supporting Donald Trump— I'm sorry, Thomas Massie in that poll should really be a wake-up call for folks who believe this approach is going to persuade young voters to be pro-Israel. I think actually in some cases it's going to backfire. And that may happen with disillusioned young voters here. I don't know. But the point that I think is really important to make, it's that the votes were about Trump. Republican voters still side with Trump. The money understood that and understood Massey was vulnerable for that reason. And it was, uh, that was sort of how two things are true at the same time. I could talk about this all day. It was a very, very interesting race. Uh, but we're gonna be back with Roy Teixeira. This is a long show, so you're gonna have to stick with me tonight. There's so much good stuff to get to. Uh, we'll be back with, with Roy Teixeira shortly to talk about the Democrats. Those are just the Republicans. But first, let's take a quick break. Well, for years, legacy media, government, and big data companies coaxed us into surrendering our digital freedom. We talk about this on the show all the time, giving lip service the whole way to privacy while leaving their digital backdoors wide open for their own purposes. Well, Unplugged set out to do something about it. The UpPhone by Unplugged is the smartphone designed to restore your rights. When it comes to blocking third-party trackers from shadowy data brokers, the UpPhone by Unplugged outshines every device on the market. And you can see it actually on the phone that I have here. This is my UP Phone. You can see it right now. You just open up, uh, the— it's actually really cool. There's a privacy center right on the home screen. You open it up and it shows you how many trackers have been blocked so far that day. You have total privacy controls on the phone. Um, and so you can just switch things on and off. And one of the absolute coolest things about the UP Phone is that there's even a battery disconnect switch. Physically on the phone. So off really means off. And all of this is independently verified and tested, so you can actually be confident in knowing your UpPhone is the most private smartphone that you could possibly buy. So check out UpPhone from Unplugged at unplugged.com/emily. That's unplugged.com/emily. As promised, here is my interview with Roy Teixeira on the state of play for Democrats amidst the tug of war in that party. As we see these playing— these battles playing out in primary races around the country. Well, there's been a lot of attention on Republican primaries, but there's a lot happening with the Democrats as well. So I'm happy to be joined by who I think is one of the most interesting people in Washington. That is, of course, Roy Teixeira. He's a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and co-founder of the Substack newsletter The Liberal Patriot. His most recent book with John Judis is Where Have All the Democrats Gone? A question that rings through many people heads to this day. Roy, thank you for being here.

[24:41] **Speaker B:** Yeah, thanks for having me.

[24:43] **Speaker A:** Now, I dare I say, Michelle Obama on a podcast in the last few days sounded a bit like you, Roy. No way.

[24:52] **Speaker B:** No way.

[24:53] **Speaker A:** Let's see. I was somewhat surprised. I was somewhat surprised. This is, uh, May 17th. This was a podcast with Sam Fragoso. Here's what Michelle Obama had to say about Trump voters.

[25:05] **Speaker B:** Okay, many of the people who voted for my husband twice, twice.

[25:10] **Speaker A:** And I know that that's how they feel. It's like, this isn't, this isn't about anything other than I'm just—

[25:16] **Speaker B:** we need, we need something different.

[25:18] **Speaker A:** They voted for Donald Trump. Yeah, you know, that's a lot of people. So you can't just pigeonhole them and say you just don't care and you're racist or whatever you're thinking. This is an act of I don't know what else to do. I just wish we had more leaders that were figuring out how to do more for the middle class, for the working folks, because those are the folks who are drowning in this economy. It's not me anymore, but I know those folks, and they're good people, and they don't have a way out. And that makes for bad choices. What say you, Roy?

[26:02] **Speaker B:** Well, I mean, Michelle Obama said a number of things over time that, that sort of were more in the woke vein about some of the issues the Democrats have gotten hung up on. So here she's taking a different tack and admitting that maybe Trump voters aren't all deplorables, at least the ones who voted for her husband. So, um, you know, it's good. It's better than saying they're all scoundrels, but I think it's kind of weak beer at this point. I mean, the beginning— your baseline assumption should have been from the get-go in 2016 that these voters had a vector of grievances about the elites, including Democratic Party elites, that were, you know, pretty deep and pretty hard to deal with. And, you know, obviously that would start with allowing us how They're not all awful people. But then what do you do? I mean, clearly what she's saying here is just, well, they're just confused, you know, they're economically stressed. They're just confused. You know, if they could just open their eyes and we, we talk to those good old working people, then they would all realize that we're on the same side. So, I mean, here it is. This is 10 years after Donald Trump first got elected. Michelle Obama is getting around to saying, well, Well, you know, it's not all bad. They're not all racists. I mean, this is just the very opening bit of the opening bit of the opening bit. So I guess I'm not too impressed. But, you know, better she says that than, than maybe some of the things she said in the past.

[27:35] **Speaker A:** True. Would it be— I mean, I'm curious because you were— you had a sort of front row seat to this. Would it be too far to say that actually it was her husband's presidency that became a source of deep disillusionment for some people who previously voted Democrat? I mean, she talks in that interview about people who voted for her husband and then voted for Donald Trump 2 times. And it's kind of interesting to gloss over her husband's role in potentially, especially coming out of the Great Recession. Barney Frank passed today. Dodd-Frank, another element of all of this spying war that left Democrats who were promised hope and change feeling, you know, they were, they were voting for Bernie Sanders in 2016 because they didn't feel like Hillary Clinton was a break from the Obama years.

[28:26] **Speaker B:** Yeah, she seemed like just, you know, the same old, same old, just another member of the Democratic Party cultural economic elite. And, you know, Obama, I think he said some good things at times. I think his heart was in the right place. But I don't think he was really determined to set the party on a completely different course. He was trying to keep the party together. I mean, even under his presidency, the party was starting to drift to the left, particularly in cultural issues. And the fact of the matter is, if you look at the underlying economic situation, a lot of the areas where some people who wound up voting for Trump did vote for him once or twice, I mean, nothing had really changed all that much in these areas. It was still the same Democratic Party that had presided over various changes in terms of trade and financial deregulation, a lot of other things that you know, whether they were inevitable or not, I think a lot of these voters felt left out. They felt left behind. You know, remember that Obama was the guy who said they still cling to their religion and their guns. I mean, he was, he was a smart elite and he had a better feel for how to talk about certain things than a lot of other elite Democrats. But at the end of the day, he was an elite Democrat. He was, as we put it in In our book, Where Have All the Democrats Gone, the book I wrote with John Judas, he was in a sense the last of the New Democrats. And, you know, I don't— at that point in time, it wasn't going over well. And there were a lot of voters out there who were profoundly disenchanted with the Democrats and profoundly disenchanted with the Republican elites who, previous to Trump's arrival on the scene, had pretty much stuck to the old-time religion of entitlement reform, quasi-libertarian economics, get government out of the way, reduce taxes. And that wasn't really to their liking either. So they're, you know, these kind of voters are deeply resentful and feel like the establishment writ large across both parties had deserted them. And Obama was, was part of that problem, even though, you know, he was able— he's a very smart politician and he was able to, to garner some, some votes I think another Democratic politician might not have. I mean, look, in 2012, he very, very astutely ran as a populist against Mitt Romney, the plutocrat equity capitalist. Right. So he was quite willing to play that kind of card when he had the chance to do so. But again, I don't think that really remade the Democratic Party's cultural outlook. It's an economic strategy or much else. It was just a smart way of conducting himself politically. And as we saw when Hillary Clinton tried to run as a candidate of the establishment, instead of challenging Bernie Sanders on a class basis of, well, what have we done? What can we do for these working-class people? It was more like, if we broke up the big banks, would this get rid of racism? If we broke up the big banks, would that get rid of transphobia? I mean, basically she ran to his left on every cultural issue that was currently in play. And that was an indicator of where the Democratic Party was going, as its sort of Brahmin left professional base exerted more and more influence on the party and its working class base less and less. So, so, yeah, that's part of the big broad story of the evolution of the 21st century left in the Democratic Party in particular.

[31:54] **Speaker A:** Well, and the question now is which sort of side is winning? There's a tug of war playing out. And I think a lot of folks on the left suspect that the establishment has gone like anti-woke or unwoke. It's also, though, kind of hard to look at some of what's happening and say that's the case because— so Rob Flaherty, his deputy campaign manager for Kamala Harris, also for the Biden campaign, this is F1, penned a piece in The Bulwark about what he told the, quote, DNC autopsy. Many people may have been hearing those two words a lot recently. DNC autopsy. There's deep frustration on the left about why Ken Martin, head of the DNC, will not release the autopsy. Uh, and, and Roy, you kind of did your own autopsy as The Liberal Patriot was, uh, closing its doors. This is F5. It was your last post over at The Liberal Patriot. It was a great piece. Uh, we could toss it up on the screen here. Uh, it was called No Learning Please, Weird Democrats, right? And You know, let's, let's take a listen to Senator Ruben Gallego today. Someone sees as someone seen as the future of the maybe moderate flank of the Democratic Party demanding release of the autopsy as well as 3.

[33:12] **Speaker B:** Yeah, I think, you know, everything that anything you hide is just never good.

[33:17] **Speaker A:** And I think if you did the report, you did it for a reason, and I think we should learn from it. All right. And now one more, F2. This is a Fox News roundup of all of the Democrats, many of whom are not like leftists, who are saying that the autopsy should be released. The quote here is, we got our butts kicked. And some of the reporting is that the autopsy was just sloppy. There was a reporter for Crooked Media who said it was, quote, gobbledygook and AI, and that the DNC is mostly just embarrassed by the quality of the autopsy. It doesn't have anything to do with them wanting to hide their failures. That's a bit hard to believe.

[33:58] **Speaker B:** Yeah. Yeah. I'm skeptical.

[33:59] **Speaker A:** Yeah. Give us your analysis that you wrote in No Learning, Please, We're Democrats. And through that lens, I guess your analysis of this fight happening right now.

[34:09] **Speaker B:** Well, actually, one thing I'm curious about is what is, what is Rob Flaherty's position on all this? Did he just say we should have released the autopsy or did he say anything particular about what was in the autopsy, or just he said, or he told them, he basically wrote about what he told them, which may or may not have been in the autopsy. What did he say?

[34:27] **Speaker A:** Well, yeah, your last point. We don't really know what's actually in the autopsy. And maybe he's comfortable saying what he's saying, knowing that it's not going to come out. That would be probably foolish because the heat is so— the pressure is so high that the odds that it'll be leaked or it'll come out seem very high themselves. So Yeah, I don't know. I mean, we can say one thing. He got grilled on Breaking Points today by my colleague Ryan Grim, who was pushing on the famous They/Them ad run by the Trump campaign that one study, at least one study showed, moved a significant number of votes, maybe a determinative number of votes. So let me roll this clip, Roy, because it gets to what you were asking as to You said a literal rebuttal would have been a loser. I absolutely stand by this decision.

[35:18] **Speaker B:** Look at the 2025 elections in Virginia, where Republicans made trans issues the core of their advertising strategy.

[35:25] **Speaker A:** It failed because voters didn't find it relevant. So let me try to channel Emily since she's not— Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[35:31] **Speaker B:** Couldn't be here. Do your Emily impression.

[35:33] **Speaker A:** Brian was channeling Emily. What I think she would say is, okay, maybe that's all true, but also you are wrong on the issue. 80 to 90% of the public disagrees with you when it comes to particularly the sports question, and they don't even believe that you believe what you're saying. Often, as long as you cling to your position, that is this 80/20, 90/10, Republicans are going to keep hammering you on it.

[36:00] **Speaker B:** So I take the point. I think that there's a couple of things. One, this ad was you know, not the only thing that was on rotation at the same time. So the "they/them" ad is running against an immigration track that they're running, that is running against an economic track that they're running. And the through line in all of that is Kamala Harris is focused on all kinds of wacky stuff and not the stuff that you actually care about. We tested, like we made spots that rebutted it directly. You know, it was a Trump-era policy. No, the vice president doesn't think that or whatever. But none of that worked as well in groups and testing. The Harris clip is on tape. There's not much you can do to get rid of it. So, you know, the best thing to do is to pivot to the issue people care about. Well, this is all very, very weak tea in my opinion, but I think it's actually fairly typical of how Democrats are currently handling it, handling an issue like that. Um, first he's gonna say, well, well, yeah, maybe it hurt him, maybe it didn't, blah blah blah. But hey, look, you know, they just ran on trans issues in Virginia and, you know, Sandberg cleaned up. So how important is it? They said the same thing in 2022 when—

[37:05] **Speaker A:** Great point.

[37:06] **Speaker B:** And when people were running against trans, you know, against the trans agenda and didn't do well, like in the Kentucky governor's race and stuff like that. So, I mean, this is just— and that was always sort of put forward as proof. The trans issue doesn't matter. This is just totally, you know, ginned up by Fox News. Normal voters don't care about the fact we have a position that they think is borderline insane. And they completely disagree with? No, no, it's not a problem at all. It's not a problem until it is, right? And it was a problem in the 2024 election, not only because people really disagree with that position. They really don't think, you know, undocumented immigrants should get trans— they don't even think kids should get trans surgeries. They're opposed to gender-affirming, so-called gender-affirming care. They certainly don't think biological boys should compete in girls' sports. And they certainly don't believe that trans women are women, literally, in the sense that if, you know, I'm a guy and I say I'm a woman, well, then I'm a woman. People think that's just insane. So this was always going to hurt them at some point. And it hurts them particularly in a situation in which the Democrats are already viewed as being out of touch, are already viewed as being culturally alien from the normie voter, and already viewed as basically not caring about the views of normie voters. And this just reinforced it. There was a famous question that was asked after the election, I think by Blueprint, about, you know, sort of which kind of thing swing voters thought, you know, turned them against Harris, people who voted for Biden but wound up voting for Trump in '24. And the leader was Democrats care more about cultural issues like trans than they care about normal people. And, you know, so it symbolized something. It was both A, a bad issue, and B, symbolized the out-of-touchness of the Democratic Party. So, and the response of Flaherty, where he tries to act like, well, you know, really isn't a problem because I can look at these other places where it wasn't a problem, therefore it's not a problem. It's just a fancy, you know, fancy way of dancing around the idea. This is a terrible position. You know, this is wrong on the merits, in my opinion. It's clearly terrible as politics. And as a rule, people will punish you for having positions that they feel are very divorced from their cultural outlook and indicate you're not one of them. So it won't hurt you the same in every election. It certainly won't lose you every election. But the idea that, oh, we tried to reply to this because Kamala said, well, it's a Trump era thing, and I'm not saying that today and all that. I mean, nobody believes that. People remember what you said. People know what the Democratic Party stands for. For example, on this particular issue, I don't think the trans issue is the only issue, but the Democratic Party's brand on trans issues is down the line being supportive of gender ideology, gender-affirming care, boys and girls sports and all that. And every once in a while, some Democrat sticks their head above the parapet and says, well, I don't know, maybe, maybe, you know, I know maybe some of this isn't quite right. And they get hammered. And, you know, is there any Democrat out there right now who's taking a forthright different position on trans issues that is forthrightly opposed to the agenda of trans activists? I don't think there is. Maybe Rom, possibly a little bit, you know, if you push him, but he's about it, right? I mean, I think in most areas of the country, uh, you can't get away with it because the activists and the groups will hammer you to death, and, and you know that, so you keep your mouth shut.

[40:29] **Speaker A:** Well, this is fascinating because, uh, Graham Plattner is a case study that I'll be very curious to watch. To his credit, he is a consistent ideological leftist on the question of gender. There's a picture of him, uh, with a sort trans gun training, or out of trans gun training that he held up in Maine. And he's clearly very committed to one position on this question, and he's not going to be able to convincingly be like, well, I changed my mind. I don't even think he would. And so I have a theory that I'm curious to test on you, Roy, which is that it's actually— it's such a trap, because so long as you have said these things in the past you are vulnerable to Republicans running on this constantly, making an issue of it. And in Abigail Spanberger's case, Andy Beshear's case, the Republican candidates were so weak that they were able to overcome the attacks. On the other hand, if you can't escape it, you might as well just own what your position is and say, I think most people disagree with me. And that probably gives you better odds of surviving your bad position on this because people believe that you believe what you're saying as opposed to you being like, oh yes, Well, but as Brother Flaherty says, the best approach, and I probably, it's just pivot, just refuse to answer the question. Right.

[41:48] **Speaker B:** You know, trans people aren't taking away your healthcare. Trans people aren't, you know, docking your wage. I mean, you know, this is like the classic economic populist kind of dodge to the ways in which Democrats are culturally alien to so many voters and are hurting themselves and their party, particularly among working class voters by being so. Oh, okay, I get it. I know what these people, you know, our beloved working people, the working class of America, you know, who love the Democrats, but they just don't know it. I know what they care about. They care about, you know, billionaires. They care about their wages. They care about this, that, and the other thing. And as long as I can pivot to talking about these kitchen table issues, right, a notorious phrase that has now been overused to death, they will forgive us. They will ignore the fact that we have all these other positions that people think are completely insane. And I just don't think that's true. I mean, I think it's like rational in the short term, right? If you're not willing to change your position, you're certainly not going to do any better by defending it vigorously. I mean, I doubt if we'll have Graham Plattner, you know, like starting his talks, you know, in the Senate race. Well, you know, I stand with my trans brothers and sisters, but he will not back down from his position. And this is a trap that Democrats are caught in today on this whole vector of cultural issues. There's this trans issue, there's the racial issue of DEI, there's, you know, how much immigration should we have and what do we do with undocumented immigrants? And, you know, should we have ICE or not? It's very difficult for Democrats to take a realistic position that is actually in the wheelhouse of the median voter on all of these things. And I'd actually include climate in there too. Cultural issue Democrats have over-indexed on like crazy, which further hurts them because it becomes sort of incorporated into their economic program. And it actually— most working-class people don't think it does so much good. So, um, Democrats are really— they, they're kidding themselves that if we just talk enough about affordability and the billionaire class and how, you know, kitchen table issues, then that everyone will just forget They, you know, they will just forget what our positions on another— what happened in the Biden administration, what the underlying positions of almost every Democrat is to this day. And I just think they're kidding themselves that that's a long-term solution. I mean, I'll grant you, in the short term, though, Democrats will do well in 2026 basically because Trump is very unpopular and his management of the economy is very unpopular. So it's just you know, opposition party 101. Talk about how the incumbent party is screwing you and we'll do better, you know, trust us. But if you wanted to expand your coalition long-term, then I think you have to take a much more aggressive position to occupy the center of American politics on a whole wide range of issues and not just on the things you care to talk about. So, you know, I thought that they had a, you know, that's one reason why the autopsy tanked, back to the autopsy. They didn't wanna have that conversation. They clearly made a decision, Ken Martin, whoever advises them, but lots of other Democrats are essentially in this position, have this position. Well, Trump is president. He's doing things people don't like. People are starting not to like his, so we'll just talk about him. Just 100% opposition to Trump all day, every day, 24/7, 365. That's all we need to do. And to change our underlying positions, especially since we're on the right side of history. That would be terrible. We can't do that. But if they had really absorbed the lessons of 2024 and had really, you know, sort of untrammeled, uncensored discussion about it, it might have gotten them a bit closer to the idea some of our underlying positions are wrong and we actually need to change them and we need to convince people that we have changed them. But they haven't done that. They have— there's I can't think of one way in which Democrats have changed an underlying position that's a liability for them. Oh, I think they basically just, you know, tactical adjustments. That's it.

[45:51] **Speaker A:** This is making me very excited to get into some specific examples, Roy, in just one moment. I should add that Rob Flaherty basically agreed with the assessment that the autopsy was, quote, gobbledygook, and, uh, that it amounted to, as Roy was just explaining, a brand problem. The autopsy sort of identifies that, but we're going to get to it in just one moment. I'm I'm gonna take a quick break. We'll be back in just a few seconds. First, if you haven't heard of Beam's Dream Powder, let me tell you, this one is different, not just because it can change how you sleep, but actually because of the people behind it too. Beam is American made by real people who are focused on creating something that actually helps. How about that? I know many of you have rough nights, you're tossing and turning, then you gotta drag yourself through the next day on caffeine. Been there. When you're running on empty, it is so hard to show up for what actually matters. But now with Dream, you can sleep through the night and wake up clear-headed and present. It's also made with all natural ingredients, which I know is what you want to hear, like reishi, magnesium L, theanine, apigenin, and melatonin without that drugstore fog. And it tastes great. The chocolate peanut butter flavor, that is next level. So spring is here and summer's right around the corner. This is the season to show up strong. Do it with something made by Americans and for Americans. Do it with Dream. Go to shopbeam.com/afterparty, use code AFTERPARTY, and to get my exclusive offer for up to 40% off Beam's Dream Powder. So with my discount code AFTERPARTY, you can get their best-selling Dream Powder for just $39. If you've been meaning to fix your sleep, this is the time. Get Dream, their bestselling sleep powder, for up to 40% off. All right. We are back now once again with Roy Teixeira. He's a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, co-founder of the Substack newsletter The Liberal Patriot, and his recent book was with John Judas— is it was Where All— Where Have All the Democrats Gone? I'm having a problem just speaking right now, Roy. It's a great problem to have on a podcast. But nonetheless, we are going to—

[48:05] **Speaker B:** I know. I know what you mean. No problem.

[48:09] **Speaker A:** Thank you so much, Roy. Uh, we are going to power through and talk now, uh, in more detail about the brand problem that some people, including the top, like, well, deputy manager, I should say, Rob Flaherty of the Kamala Harris campaign, are identifying. Apparently this is part of the DNC autopsy that nobody's allowed to see about the Democrats' brand problem. And they are very excited about James Talarico. So very excited about James Talarico. Funny enough, The Republican president, the head of the opposition party, Donald Trump, is also very excited about James Talarico. Here's what he had to say about that Texas race today.

[48:48] **Speaker B:** As for Ken Paxton, I think he'll win. I think probably he'll win very substantially, and I think he'll go on to defeat a very defective candidate, a candidate that believes in 6 genders, and he takes hits at Jesus Christ. And he's wearing a mask 6 months ago. Where's the guy? Anybody wearing a mask 6 months ago doesn't get it. And he's a vegan. He's a vegan in Texas, and you can't get elected as a vegan in Texas.

[49:18] **Speaker A:** It's a vegan.

[49:20] **Speaker B:** And that's why we love Donald Trump. He tells it like it is.

[49:24] **Speaker A:** You were just telling us before the break, actually, that people— Democrats might not even think about this as a cultural issue— that people should also lump climate into the vector of cultural brand issues that Democrats have in addition to trans issues, the BLM issues that Republicans can push, push, push people like James Tallarico, who tried very hard in his primary to run on a populist economic issue by saying this is not— it's coming from a top— the top down. This isn't a bottom-up problem. It's a top-to-bottom problem. The elites are pushing the working class down. But I think, Roy, and it sounds like you probably agree with headlines like this one from The Daily Caller: F3 Democrat Sweetheart— that's referring to Tallarico— cozies up to anti-white lawmaker in high-stakes Texas Senate campaign, written by a friend, Rebecca Zeljko, over at The Daily Caller, who found a clip of Tallarico with a lawmaker in Texas who has been calling like white people oppressors, saying that people of color, minorities all share the same oppressor and it's white people. Talarico's on the record, as Trump alluded to, saying things like God is non-binary. I think at one point he compared whiteness to a plague or cancer, something like that.

[50:39] **Speaker B:** It's a sickness. It's a sickness.

[50:41] **Speaker A:** A sickness.

[50:42] **Speaker B:** All we white people have that we must take the cure, I guess. I don't know.

[50:46] **Speaker A:** Yeah, there you go. Um, and the antidote, it just very conveniently happens to be supporting all of these NGOs that support Democrats. Am I right? Is Trump right also that Tallarico has an albatross around his neck?

[51:02] **Speaker B:** Oh, I think he does. I mean, it's not to say it's not possible for him to win. I mean, and the environment should be a good one for Democrats. This campaign cycle is, you know, should— if it lasts through November, anything's possible. I just don't think it's very likely. I kind of agree with the president. I think Paxton, even though he's probably not the optimizing candidate, I think Cornyn would be for the Republicans. But, you know, I'm not running the zoo here, but I just think it's really hard for a Democrat to get elected statewide in Texas, and especially a Democrat who, despite all the economic populist gobbledygook, is fundamentally extremely liberal culturally in all the ways that have vexed the Democrats issue nationwide. And what on earth makes them think they can escape from this? I guess the idea is, hey, he's religious, you know, right? He's a man of God. Well, okay, but God is non-binary. I mean, he's basically comes out of Protestant denomination, the most liberal imaginable, right? I mean, they believe in all the crazy stuff all Democrats, you know, many Democrats do these days and make it in a sense part of their religious commitments. You know, so famously, Tellerico talked about how abortion is what Jesus Christ would want you to do and all this like stuff where he's trying to basically import Democratic positions into the Bible. And into being religious. And that's, you know, people in Texas are very religious, but they're more conservative religious. They're not, you know, part of the liberal religious youth. They're not part of, you know, some of these very liberal Protestant denominations that have influence in other parts of the country, in very blue areas. They're a different type of religious person. And the idea that simply by being religious, saying you're religious, being willing to refer to God is somehow this get-out-of-jail-free card for all the rest of your things you believe and have said that people think is nuts and against what they believe and what their values are, I just think they're kidding themselves. Again, I think this is back to the economic populist pixie dust that you sprinkle on your otherwise unsaleable positions. I think this is a classic example. People think, oh, Talarico, good communicators, young guys, religious. And every time they ask him about question X, he'll just say that, well, this is just a way of diverting the honest workers and peasants of America from the true enemy, the billionaire class, the insurance companies, the this, the that. So this is really brain-dead, very unsophisticated economic populism that they seem to regard as some sort of magic answer, magic key, magic pixie dust, like I say. But I think it's, again, back to our autopsy, it's an indication of how the Democrats haven't really had an autopsy because this is the best they've come up with. We'll talk about the billionaire class, we'll talk about affordability, we'll talk about, you know, this is all created by Fox News and the right wing or whatever. I mean, but we won't change our fundamental underlying positions, which are on the right side of history. We're not going to try to convince the median voter in a place like Texas, you know, for sure, but in a lot of other places as well. We are— actually do think about the the way you do. You know, yeah, we said some crazy things in the past, but we've seen the error of our ways and we don't believe that anymore. I mean, we're, uh, yeah, but, you know, noticeably that is not happening. And I think Tallarico's— and the excitement about Tallarico is a perfect example. I was on a panel the other day, I won't mention exactly where, but with the Democratic operative, and I was kind of giving a more different perspective. Um, And she was saying, oh, I just had lunch with, you know, person X, and we were talking about Tallarico for president. I said, what? Are you kidding me? Are you insane? You know, so, uh, yeah, I mean, this is just how crazy people are. They, they've talked themselves into believing that without fundamentally changing their brand, they're changing their brand, and they are not.

[54:59] **Speaker A:** Yes. Oh, that's such a good point. That's what I was going to ask you about next. They're— it's not just that they're, uh, tolerant of Tallarico being a vegan mask wearer in Texas, they're actually excited about him. And it's every time Democrats find somebody who has a message of economic populism that might make sense. I'm going to talk now about Washington, D.C. They have the cultural albatross. It's like it's impossible for them to extricate economic populism from their cultural progressivism, the faculty lounge progressivism, uh, right here in Washington, D.C., uh, in the very, uh, fancy gentrified Navy Yard area outside of the ballpark. This This happened. We're going to talk over it. Uh, at 6:00 at a Chipotle the other night. In local news, this has been blanketing the airwaves. Awful, awful. Kids hitting each other over the head with Chipotle chairs. You're gonna see to the right of the screen, I mean, you're hearing screaming from customers. To the right of the screen, you're going to see a dad holding his daughter, and his daughter looks totally distraught, and like, she's 3 years old. Uh, it's This is horrible. She's clinging to him and the teens just keep on smacking each other, beating each other. We could probably get out of the clip now. People, uh, I think were able to get the point. That was a Saturday night, last Saturday night at 8:40 PM in a neighborhood that's been dealing with what is called these quote teen takeovers over and over again for at least the last year, really longer than the last year. Sometimes it is essentially a riot. Of, you know, this is not very far from where I live, so I've followed it very attentively. Roy, couple miles. And, uh, there are sometimes hundreds and hundreds of kids. They've shot fireworks at the fancy apartment buildings and the like. Here is how the leading Democratic candidate for mayor here in DC— huge mayor's mayoral election. Muriel Bowser has been the mayor for a very long time. Here is how Janice Lewis George, who was a member of the Democratic Socialists of America chapter here in Washington, DC, is endorsed by them, sought that enforcement. Here's how, but an economic populist, sort of Bernie-aligned. Here's how she talked about the curfews that have been implemented to prevent the teen takeovers here in DC at a debate this week, S5. As an executive, you have to decide which tools you use and when you use them. And right now, using the curfew as a tool for our young people is dangerous. It is dangerous because we have federal troops who are in our city. ICE agents who are in our— One more bit of information here, Roy. I just want to add, a poll came out today. A poll from CityCast finds she is winning this election. It's close, but she's winning this election overall, about a 5-point spread between her and Kenyon McDuffie, seen as the more establishment candidate aligned with Bowser. But Matt Iglesias was looking at the, uh, look at the crosstabs. He found that she is winning Janice Lewis George with white people 45 and younger. Kenya McDuffie is winning with older Black voters. I looked at the crosstabs. Uh, most Janice Lewis George voters support the curfew, another interesting part of it. And she is supported overwhelmingly by newcomers to the DC area. McDuffie is supported overwhelmingly by people who are natives to the DC area. This is— feels like your thesis illustrated in real time.

[58:23] **Speaker B:** Yeah, yeah. No, that's just— it's just so crazy. Well, hey, but don't you know? Don't you know, Emily, crime is down? You know, why are you worrying about a few teen takeovers? I mean, you know, you know, kids, they get a little bit out of control. No, this is just an example of how Democrats refuse to respond to a thunderously obvious problem by doing the thunderingly obvious, which is to crack down and use whatever tools you have to crack down instead of like some mealy-mouthed baloney about how, Well, you know, it isn't quite the right way we should treat our kids and they need something to do. And, you know, we should have more teen basketball, midnight basketball or something. I mean, this is ridiculous. When public order is breaking down, you seek to restore order. When crime is happening, you seek to stop crime. When shoplifting is happening, you toughen up and you seek to make it, you know, raise the cost for criminals to shoplift. I mean, this is like totally normie cost-benefit analysis that every normal human understands, but that so many people in the Democratic Party do not. I mean, and interesting that the Washington, D.C. mayor, okay, it's very similar to what Brandon Johnson has said about similar things in Chicago. Right. And, you know, back to sort of to your point about who supports this kind of stuff. I mean, obviously, there's going to be certain, you know, some certain elements of the Black community are fairly radical and might support it. But the normie Black community doesn't support it. Who really supports it? Basically the white, young, liberal professional community. I mean, we saw that in Chicago. Brandon Johnson does not get elected without a huge swath of support from the more upscale, professionalized areas of Chicago that are very liberal against, you know, white candidate, but a much more conservative candidate who is closer, I think, to what the median voter wants in terms of running their city. But this is just classic. You know, we have some mayors who have tried to break the mold, like in San Francisco with Dan Luria. But it's still very common for Democratic mayors to have all these terrible positions, to do nothing about things that people think are profound problems and affect their quality of life in a big metro area. And they refuse to do it, do anything about it, because, you know, that would be racist. It's not the right tools. You know, we've We have to be kind or whatever. I mean, look at— look at Karen Bass in Los Angeles.

[60:40] **Speaker A:** Hey, you know, but let me stop because we've got a great clip. Yeah, we have a great clip of Karen Bass. All right, this is going to be— I have a feeling I wanted to get your reaction to this, uh, next. This is exactly where I was going. Karen Bass, Western Lensman on X, put together this compilation of what she said on homelessness and what she's accomplished on homelessness before, uh, her first election and now that she is running once again. Let's roll it. What's your goal by the end of your first term in 2026, and what lessons do you think other cities can learn from what you've done?

[61:11] **Speaker B:** Well, um, my goal would be really to end street homelessness. So, uh, when you talked to Jake Tapper in 2023, you said that your goal was to end street homelessness in LA by 2026. It's now 2026, and we haven't ended it. We have not ended it, and we're not close to ending it. How were you so off?

[61:31] **Speaker A:** Well, basically, when I said that, it was at the beginning of my term. I am very committed to achieving that goal. I didn't anticipate some of the bureaucratic barriers that I would experience, but I am prepared to take those on now.

[61:48] **Speaker B:** But you promised that it would go away, right? 100%. And it's only gone down about 17.6%.

[61:55] **Speaker A:** Right.

[61:55] **Speaker B:** So why should people trust I don't trust you that you're going to be able to get to the 100% because let me just tell you, for the first time we've had a decrease at all.

[62:04] **Speaker A:** Oh, good. Roy, what say you?

[62:06] **Speaker B:** Yeah, well, again, I think this is a good example of how people don't take a lot of Democratic politicians seriously in terms of dealing with these kinds of problems because, you know, they're not complete idiots. So they'll say if there's a problem, homelessness, crime, whatever, we'll do something about it. Yeah, we'll do something about it. But then they don't. And they don't even act like, you know, what's her excuse? Like the bureaucracy is standing in my way. Well, but you are the bureaucracy. I mean, in a city like Los Angeles, a lot of other blue cities, I mean, the bureaucracy is basically something nourished by the Democrats and their NGOs and so on. And unless you're willing to stand up to that and, you know, kick ass and take names, yeah, nothing's going to happen. But that's your fault. It's not— you can't just blame it on, you know, you your comrades of the bureaucracy. I mean, you get elected to get something done. If you don't get it done, you can't weasel out of it by saying, "Oh, they wouldn't let me." I mean, and this is a classic example of something that just reveals that the underlying commitments and position of Democrats like that on fundamental issues of social order, crime, well, you know, we can bring in other things, immigration, race, climate, whatever. I mean, they haven't changed. They haven't changed. They're simply tactically adjusting to the fact people are annoyed about this stuff. So they're— they'll absolutely say they're going to do something about it, but they absolutely won't really do anything about it because they're not breaking with the fundamental paradigm of democratic governance on a lot of these issues. So, you know, it's, uh, it's sad, but there it is. But I mean, as long as the Karen Basses and Brandon Johnsons of the of the world are around. And, you know, we don't know how Zohran Mondani is going to turn out in New York. I just think it's really hard for Democrats, you know, back to their image, back to their brand. I think it's hard for them to change their brand when so many people are so closely associated with the Democratic Party and have such power within the party and in general, when they're not changing their positions, when they're not effective at what they're supposed to be doing, and they're not willing to just stand up and say, 'You know, teens rioting in the Chipotle, that's really bad. I'm gonna stop it right now. We're gonna get those teens off the street.' You know, I mean, instead it's like, 'Well, I don't know. I mean, you know, kids like to get together and have fun, and you know, I don't know what, you know.' I mean, the curf— what's wrong with the curfew? It's like, come on. And the rest of her stuff, it was so crazy I'd forgotten half of it. The ICE is around and federal troops around. She was like, This is like throwing everything into the pot and mixing it around, all the things that Democrat, liberal Democrats are supposedly worried about. So somehow teens rioting at Chipotle, if we implement a curfew, somehow this will interact with like, you know, federal troops and with ICE agents to produce what? To produce what? I mean, what are they gonna do? Like arrest everybody and put 'em in concentration camps? This is a sort of insane, you know, sort of, completely speculative. It doesn't even make any sense, right? I mean, that's kind of what I'm getting at here. If you actually sat there and thought about it for 5 seconds, it doesn't make any sense what she's saying. But she says it anyway because she can get away with it. And why can she get away with it? Because there's such a huge proportion of the Democratic electorate that believes this bullshit and was willing to listen to it, you know, and particularly people who vote in primaries, which are not the same as the median Democratic voter. So there is much— there's much to be gained still by Democratic politicians from saying all this nonsense, right? Both in terms of, you know, outright sort of standard-issue voter support, also money. Don't forget money. Always follow the money. People like Graham Plattner, you know, was able to raise an enormous amount of money in his Maine race because he caught the ear of the online activists and the people who pay attention to this stuff. And he started raking in small donations. So, So there's this sort of like sort of whole system now that a lot of Democrats are enveloped in that encourages them to take crazy positions because it's maybe a crazy position and maybe like what normal people don't want may not be what the people want, but it's what Democratic activists and small donors want. So I can definitely, I can definitely get ahead by doing this. So there's all these disincentives. If you're a Democratic politician, from taking sensible positions and challenging the priorities and orthodoxies of the party. And I think, again, back to our, you know, why didn't they figure things out after 2024? That's part of the reason, especially once Trump got going. And, you know, they had the anti-Trump animus to build on, the ICE raids and what have you. I mean, why rethink anything? I mean, we're the good guys here. Mm-hmm.

[66:54] **Speaker A:** Right.

[66:54] **Speaker B:** You know, maybe we're not so great on crime or, you know, illegal immigration, trans people. Forget about that because they hate Trump and we hate Trump and we're not Trump. So everything will turn out okay in the end. I mean, I think it's enormously shortsighted, but that is not going to prevent Democrats from basically doubling and tripling down in their current approach, in my opinion.

[67:16] **Speaker A:** Yeah. And they get a little bit of an assist from weak Republican candidates and some of those racists too. Perhaps Ken Paxton, as you talked about earlier, Roy in, in the Texas race. But I just want to thank you. It's been such a pleasure to have you on the show and think through these big races as they really start to heat up going into the summer. Thank you, Roy Teixeira. I appreciate it.

[67:38] **Speaker B:** Okay, thanks for having me, Emily. Uh, all to be played for, I guess. We'll see how it all turns out.

[67:44] **Speaker A:** That's right. All right, we will be back with more in just one moment. Well, what does it feel like when your clothes actually feel good? Cozy Earth, an amazing company, is proving that what you wear at home actually matters as much as what you wear out. Now, the outfit that I have been living in, truly obsessed with, this is the Brushed Bamboo Jogger Set. I have been living in it. Just to reiterate that point if you didn't pick it up, it's amazing. Crafted from bamboo viscose, it's breathable and unbelievably soft. The fit is the perfect balance. It's tapered to look put together but also relaxed for total comfort. Nails it. So complete the vibe with the Lake House Clogs, which I have also been living in. I don't live in a lake house, but I've been wearing the Lake House Clogs everywhere. Featuring a cushioned footbed and soft interior, they're supportive for all-day wear, yet so cozy that you can just forget they're on at all. Cozy Earth also offers a 30-day return policy and a lifetime warranty on clothing, so it's completely hassle-free. 2. This Memorial Day, give yourself the kind of comfort that lives with you all day, not just the moment you get home. Cozy Earth's Brushed Bamboo Jogger Set and Lake House Clogs are designed to keep you cozy, comfortable, and actually relaxed all season long. Comfort lives here. Head to cozyearth.com and use my code EMILY for up to 30% off, but only for a limited time. This exclusive offer runs from May 18th through June 1st only. So don't wait. That's code EMILY at cozyearth.com for up to 30% off. And if you see a post-purchase survey, mention that you heard about Cozy Earth right here. I used my own discount code on Mother's Day, and I have a very happy mom because of it. Go ahead, cozyearth.com. All right, let's close out the show. Uh, this is a monster show. I promised you it would be, and I kept my promise. So much to get to, so much in the news. Uh, by the But first, we're gonna do some culture stuff here. We're going to talk about Amanda Peet, then we're going to talk about Stephen Colbert. No, we're not going to talk about Stephen Colbert. We're going to honor Stephen Colbert, uh, his legacy of truth-telling. But let's start with Amanda Peet. Amanda Peet is now going viral for a comment she made in an interview in April. She's obviously in what I think is a great show, Your Friends and Neighbors, on Apple TV right now, one of the stars of that show, and kind of famously has never done Botox. She got asked in an interview with Canadian Broadcasting about this back in April, and I wanted to roll the clip because she touches on something very, very deep about Botox that's worth pausing on. It's the root of a lot of the entire conversation about this, this high-tech youthful— these high-tech youthful procedures, procedures to restore youth. Let's go ahead and roll Amanda Peet talking about it here. I haven't had any work done yet on my face. It's not that I need to explain that because like it's really evident. I have a lot of friends who do it and then a lot of friends who don't do it, and it's very much wrapped up in, in my identity. Like, who am I if I get a facelift, and who am I if I don't get a facelift, and why does it matter, and does it matter?

[71:15] **Speaker B:** I read your essay about that to get ready for this interview. It's called Amanda Peet: Never Crossing the Botox Rubicon. You wrote it 10 years ago. It was very funny.

[71:22] **Speaker A:** I wish I had a fucking written it because now I actually can't cross the Rubicon.

[71:26] **Speaker B:** Do you remember what you were writing about in that?

[71:28] **Speaker A:** It was about my fear of getting filler and Botox. It was about my fear of, like, doing things to my face that were more than superficial. In a way, it feels to me like if you do it, then are you not— is that tantamount to not having acceptance about death? And if I'm trying to push it away, if I'm trying to deny it, that scares me, like in an almost like a superstitious way. I love this point, and I don't want to be judgmental. It's not what I'm doing at all, because there are all kinds of technologies that I think could be classified as transhumanist that that we've all embraced in one way or the other. None of us is Ted Kaczynski here. Let's not act like anyone is. And let's not act like Ted Kaczynski had the right idea either. Don't, don't get me wrong, but he was a purist, of course, and he truly lived out his creed in his little cabin in the woods. And none of us is that. So my point is, nobody here is a purist. We've all brought technologies into our lives that could be qualified or could be categorized as transhumanist. And what I think Amanda Peet just argued is that Botox is one such technology. She said there, if I do Botox or facelifts, am I failing to accept the reality of death? Well, human beings are constantly failing to accept the reality of death, and we're constantly trying to defy death. Death. We are constantly trying to defy our own humanity. We want to be able to fly around the world with a very low chance of death. We want to live longer without fearing imminent death when we are, you know, middle-aged as it's defined now. We're constantly striving towards longevity in one way or the other, and this has become, as hyper-novelty, the rate of change. Has increased so dramatically just in the last 100 years. This has become hard to even keep track of, right? It's like when the globe is spinning, you feel like you're standing still or you're the frog in the boiling pot. You don't know. You don't necessarily notice what you're doing until you're scalding. Your skin is burning. And that's how it has been, I think, with a lot of the technological change that you don't always pause to recognize that what you're doing is changing a, a very fundamental element of humanity, because technology came to be synonymous with progress and with the good. But that's of course not always the case. It used to be easier for us to adapt. Um, it used to be easier for us to adapt to the good and the bad. Had, because the change was slower, right? The wheel, fire, bronze, the printing press even, although the printing press caused very rapid change, uh, and there were wars that you could argue were rooted in what happened because of the, the printing press. But this is a sort of— sounds maybe beside the point, but I don't think it is at all. Uh, Botox doesn't help you live longer. But it does if it's, you know, your face. A facelift isn't for the sake of longevity, right? But it is for the sake of making you think less about your proximity to death. So I see what Amanda Peet is saying, that when you try to look younger, which for— don't get me wrong— many women is really just about being more attractive and being more attractive, staying, looking your best and all of that. I don't deny that one bit. Not at all. I get it. But if you think of it on a deeper level, why is that important? Why is it important to, for any of us? You could ask the same question like literally about We've got modern hair dye and makeup. So again, I'm not trying to act like this is unique. These are surgical interventions, so they're a little bit different. They're on another scale. But when you kind of keep peeling back and say, well, why is that important? Why is that important? Why do people dye their hair so that it doesn't look gray? Fundamentally, I think it does have a lot to do with our discomfort with death, our deep discomfort with death. We have been separated from the reality of death, many of us, in ways that our ancestors never could have imagined. And so we've gotten more and more comfortable cushioning ourselves from some of those harsh realities. And this is not to say it's, it's right or wrong. It's just to say it's another one of these technologies, like a facelift or injecting this chemical of Botox into your face. People have been trying to make themselves look younger forever because people have feared death forever. So it's not necessarily new, but it is accelerating. And part of me does wonder if, you know, 10, 20 years from now we look back on this era where there's a tug of war happening between naturalists and, you know, maybe what is derisively referred to as Mar-a-Lago face, where people have a lot, a lot, a lot of work done, a lot of injections, a lot of modifications. If we look back on the latter category as something that was very odd. Maybe that's a more hopeful version of the future, but it's so exaggerated to almost be cartoonish and comical in some manifestations. Not all, of course. Some people have incredible work, incredible work, so much so that it's almost imperceptible. But the very fact that people with a lot of money think that this, this exaggeration in many cases looks good, I think tells us that we've acclimated ourselves to fighting, fighting the reality of death, as Amanda Peet said. Amanda Peet, by the way, has still been able to be successful. People aren't horrified by the appearance of Amanda Peet on their screens. She still looks great. But I do wonder if someday we look back on this moment where many people had just outrageously exaggerated— it seems like the, the Donatella Versace look, or the— no offense to the great Joan Rivers, but the Joan Rivers look has become much more, much more common and actually even exaggerated in different ways too. So that was a very perceptive moment from Amanda Peet talking about Botox of all things. And I thought it was worth calling some attention to it because when we peel back the layers of so many of our decisions, they, they come down to fighting death in one way or another. Perfectly natural. We want to survive and we want to survive as long as is possible. But, you know, we also are made for a very particular purpose, which is not living forever, as Bryan Johnson has tried to do. And we have become much more willing to just see the good in technology rather than imagining the kind of downstream negative effects of it. Social media being the best example. It was pitched during the Obama years actually, really during the late Bush years, something that was incredible, was revolutionizing humanity. And most of us looked on it pretty warmly as the bright future. And we see now that we weren't prepared for the negative consequences and even the ones that we couldn't have anticipated. People are becoming more conscious of this, I think. But this is a good sort of physical illustration. That I thought was worth talking about. Now, as promised, I wanted to honor the legacy of Stephen Colbert because about 24 hours from now he will be signing off The Late Show for the last time. The Late Show itself, despite I think some poor analyses, has been canceled as a franchise, right? We've talked about Stephen Colbert since literally night one of this show after party. I think it was literally the first thing I talked about on this show. Colbert is off the air on May 21st, but so is The Late Show. And he had David Letterman on, he's at all the rest of the late night hosts on. Some of them aren't broadcasting on his last night tomorrow because, uh, they want to honor him in their own way. And so I'm gonna honor him a little bit early, uh, just by rolling this clip of perhaps Colbert's most viral moment at the height of his powers in the first Trump administration. Where he thought he was pretty clever with this rapid-fire roast of Donald Trump that included a reference to Donald Trump's mouth as— and this is very edgy, so I just want to warn you, if you don't have a sophisticated and edgy sense of humor, you may not find this— you may not respect this joke, uh, for the poetry that it is. But he did refer to Trump's mouth as Vladimir Putin's cock holster, somewhat famously. Let's revisit this moment.

[81:38] **Speaker B:** Mr. Trump, your presidency.

[81:40] **Speaker A:** I love your presidency. I call it disgrace the nation.

[81:45] **Speaker B:** You're not the POTUS.

[81:46] **Speaker A:** Got him.

[81:46] **Speaker B:** You're the bloatus. You're the glutton with the button.

[81:49] **Speaker A:** You're a regular Gorge Washington. You're the president's butt.

[81:54] **Speaker B:** You're turning into a real prick-tator.

[81:56] **Speaker A:** You attract more skinheads than free Rogaine. You have more people marching against you than cancer. You talk like a sign language gorilla who got hit in the head.

[82:09] **Speaker B:** In fact, the only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin's holster. Your presidential library—

[82:15] **Speaker A:** your presidential library—

[82:19] **Speaker B:** Your presidential library is going to be a kids menu and a couple of Jugs magazines.

[82:25] **Speaker A:** The only thing smaller than your hands is your tax returns.

[82:29] **Speaker B:** And you can take that any way you want.

[82:35] **Speaker A:** I'm speechless. It's so powerful. It is so effective. Honestly, it's so bad. It's so lazy and low-grade. Like, I would give that a C. And yet it was treated like A+++ in the media. If you remember when it aired, I think that clip was from 2017. Colbert was like greeted as a hero when that clip first went viral, and his show very quickly became the top-rated show in late night during Trump's first administration, uh, probably bringing in 3, 3.5 million compared to the other shows. Nothing compared to what Johnny Carson did at the height of his powers— around 9 million he was bringing in. Some years it was probably higher than that. But the difference is, obviously, with the democratization of media, the proliferation of choice, Colbert is trying to get the biggest slice of a smaller pie, whereas with Johnny Carson, his pie was almost the entire American public, right? The people who are sitting down in front of their television and watching late-night comedy shows shows, it's, it's much— there's much more overlap between that and the public overall. And so the biggest chunk that you can possibly get of that pie, the better, because you're going to sell more ads. It's just a bigger pie that's more representative of the overall public. Colbert, though, like, uh, actually a lot of news publications who still think of themselves as, as monocultural mass media organs— that's what The Late Show was. That's what late night comedy was. It was something that was seen as a, a kind of watering hole for a big chunk of the public, uh, during the evenings. And so it was sort of a unifying piece of monoculture. Now we're in microculture, and the best way to win a ratings race in microculture is to cultivate a niche. In Colbert's case, it was resistance wine moms who wanted to feel like they were a part of something, that they had a cause during the first Trump administration, which, if you didn't like Donald Trump was probably a very frustrating time. But this cringe humor, it hits everyone else as just painful, especially if you knew Colbert from his Stranger with Candy days, The Colbert Report, to what, The Dana Carvey Show. I mean, he used to be so good, and I've said that many times, but here it's just really nauseating to see him frame this like high school level insult comedy as some serious and powerful statement in support of democracy. I mean, it's just nauseating to witness. But of course, if you're looking for something to make you feel heard and seen and like you're giving Trump the middle finger metaphorically to Colbert's show, which just brought on a parade of liberals and Democratic politicians who he glazed over and over again, it was so obviously not about democracy but about what he thinks is democracy, uh, which, which happened to be the sort of elite effort to undermine Donald Trump. Trump comes back in the— into office, CBS gets purchased by David Ellison with help from Larry Ellison, who's, uh, of course a big Trump donor. David Ellison, I think, actually voted had donated to Biden at first, uh, but you know, they're fairly supportive of Donald Trump. The Late Show itself gets canceled. And fast forward to now, after his year-long goodbye show that was being panned by critics, this year-long farewell tour that even critics who are in positions where you'd expect them to support this beautiful farewell found it to be gratingly narcissistic and drawn out. Let's also, though, Well, just say I've mentioned this many times. I don't like wealthy political actors, donors using the public airwaves, whether they're left or right, to their advantage. I think more of it has happened from the left. I think Democrats have gotten a lot of intentional help from wealthy owners of media outlets for a very long time, and it's gone without much consternation from the left, which is now treating this, uh, cancellation of The Late Show— not Colbert, they canceled the entire show, the entire franchise— treating it as though it is some grave assault on democracy when there was nothing but silence all of the other times. Uh, all that is to say, the big picture here: Colbert was was hemorrhaging money for the network because of exactly what we just talked about, which is the entire game is different right now. I'm putting on the screen this Pocket News article that dropped around the time of the original cancellation, uh, where it reported Late Show has been losing more than $40 million a year. $40 million a year. Quote, though that doesn't include some ancillary revenue. While the show still garners an average of 2.47 million viewers a night, leads its 11:35 rivals in total audience, and just this week scored its 9th consecutive Emmy nomination for Outstanding Talk Variety Series, its ad revenue has plummeted precipitously since the 2021-2022 season. Linear ratings are down everywhere, of course, and as The Times reported, the network late-night shows took in $439 million combined in ad revenue in 2018. By last year, though, that figure had dropped dropped by 50%. It was already dropping like a rock in 2018, but that dropped by 50% over the course of 6 years. So Puck goes on to say, measure that against the more than $100 million per season it costs to produce The Late Show. By contrast, the CBS primetime and daytime day parts are still profitable, and that programming is supported by robust license fees for streaming and other off-network viewing. Late Show, with its topical humor and celebrity interviews pegged to specific projects, has struggled on Paramount Plus. so that's on streaming. And 3 of the network late-night shows— of the 3, Late Show has by far the smallest digital footprint on YouTube and other platforms. That is obviously true, still true right now if you go look at the numbers for Kimmel and Fallon. So this estimated $40 million annual loss, Jimmy Kimmel said he thought— he thinks there's just absolutely no way that it's true that it was losing that much money a year, though even he conceded the format is dying. And that's where, you know, Andy Cohen, I think, said at one point, why not just negotiate with Colbert and, you know, cut the show's staff from 200 to 100, something like that? Still an incredible amount of money and an incredible risk that Colbert, this figure that has a pretty niche audience, is going to be worth all the money and all of the effort and is going to even be able to do what he has been doing on a shoestring budget. So I don't think that explanation checks out either. I think if the network was upset with Colbert and was trying to please the administration by knocking Colbert away, they would have hired some conservative comedian or some inoffensive comedian, politically inoffensive comedian, to step into his role in the first place. So do I think it was opportunistic of the new CBS ownership? Yeah, I think it, it's pretty clear they were going to do it anyway. You can't keep subsidizing this dinosaur forever. Gave them a good opening. They felt like they had a good opening, uh, during the second Trump administration that you're maybe killing two birds with one stone. You're giving Trump a little something to grease his palms, make him feel better about the network because people know that he likes those things. Uh, but you're also probably, uh, going to be retiring at the right time this this insane dinosaur of a television show. That's, that's really what was going on. Colbert, though, has spent the last year basically acting like this was really just about an assault on democracy and that he was a super brave truth teller. I'm going to reiterate, uh, here, this is from— actually, this is from a a Cambridge fellow who looked at some of the same numbers that Punch did and said, even acclaimed shows must make money. Running The Late Show was like CBS funding a tentpole blockbuster every year, only without the box office returns. CBS insiders estimate the show lost $40 to $50 million annually for years. Production costs, including a staff of nearly 200, approached $100 million a year. Revenues never came close. Ad sales fell 25% to about $70 million by 2020. 2024, and streaming added just $60 million over 4 years. Not a big enough audience for cockholster comedy to justify 200 staffers and tens of millions of dollars of annual losses, unfortunately for Stephen Colbert. Now, I also wanted to mention Chelsea Handler's recent appearance on a show where she commented on the Kevin Hart roast that Netflix aired. I think it was last week that it actually came out. It was super funny. It was kind of funny to see Chelsea Handler there alongside people like Tony Hinchcliffe, who have been this riding the, the Trump era vibe shift wave of anti-PC comedy that is becoming very popular. Shane Gillis as well. There was a really interesting contrast between the new and old. Chelsea Handler is more of a Colbert-style comedian who has, listen, I think changed her brand into a sort of lazy clichéd resistance comedy. And she was fine at the roast. I thought Gillis was great at the roast. But to see the two sides of the 2024 vibe shift, the pre where Colbert, Handler were having this like renaissance and the post where a lot of the momentum was with Hinge Hinchcliffe and Gillis was super interesting. But here's what Chelsea Handler said afterwards on a podcast talking about that. And I, I knew enough about like Tony Hinchcliffe and Shane and their backgrounds. I had girls, ex-girlfriends, blowing up my DMs that had dated Shane and were telling me stuff about him.

[93:22] **Speaker B:** Tell us now, what, uh, what's his name?

[93:25] **Speaker A:** It's just everything we know, that they're racist, that they're bigots, that sexist. No, I don't find those jokes to be funny. Jokes about lynching Black people, or like, lynching is not a joke. It's not. That's worse than rape. Like, you're not joking about rape, are you? Are you saying I'm gonna go rape you? You know you can't do that, but you can say lynching? Like, I find that to be— I don't know, you know, people are like, it's a roast, you go for it. I'm like, you can go for it without being gross. Like, I find that to be gross. I found them making fun of Cheryl Underwood's like dead husband who committed suicide, like a skin color, you know, she's fine with that. If she says she's fine with that, she's fine with that. I wasn't fine with that. I thought that was disgusting too. But there was so much disgustingness that I knew it was going to be such a, like, gross vibe. And Kevin didn't deserve that. He deserved, like, an elevated roast. You want a non-gross roast? And with all of the things that upset you, the joke about Charlie Kirk's neck didn't make the list? Just upset about those things? Also, I didn't have time to research it, but I feel pretty confident saying I think Tony Hinchcliffe and Shane Gillis would be just fine joking about rape and probably have in the past, for what it's worth. I'm not sure that argument even makes a bit of sense whatsoever from from Chelsea Handler, whatever you make of it. But it's fascinating to see Chelsea Handler wanting to go on The Roast. And this is what I mean about, uh, Colbert falling out of fashion, um, in the microculture versus monoculture world. When the microcultures— my microculturistas— thought that they were the monoculture, they were really cocky and confident and all of that. When they realized that they in a microculture that was competing with other microcultures like bro comedy— Gillis, Hinchcliffe, Rogan, and the rest. They're trying to have it both ways. They're trying to go into those spaces and get the publicity for being at Kevin Hart's roast. And I know Chelsea and Kevin Hart are friends, uh, but also at the same time come out a couple of days later and be like, ugh, it was too gross, it was too gross. It's like, ma'am, you signed up for a roast with Jeff Ross. You're not even upset about anything Jeff Ross You signed up for a roast with all of these people and you have the audacity to act like it was somehow different and on another level and that you weren't okay with it? No. What she was trying to do is save a little bit of face, uh, because there were politically inconvenient jokes made at the roast that rankle her in a way politically inconvenient jokes at the expense of the other side don't. And that is why people find the Colberts and the handlers to be so insufferable. Because it has just become performative act, much more about politics than about the comedy, and much more about the comedy make political points. I mean, I think that's the comedy often at its best, but you have to put the punchline first, and they still haven't adapted to where their audiences are, uh, really, if they want to chase a bigger audience, or if they want to have a smaller audience, make less money That's the new reality for them. We'll see how Stephen Colbert adapts. Farewell to you, sir, Stephen Colbert. Onwards and upwards. Thank you, in the words of David Letterman, for what you have done for our country. I think I just set a record for longest after-party episode ever. Thank you so much for sticking around. There was just a lot to talk about tonight. Emily@doublemaycaremedia.com. Is where you can go to email me. We won't be here on Memorial Day, so we'll see you a week from today live, 9 PM Eastern on YouTube. But please subscribe wherever you get your podcast, subscribe on YouTube, and we will see you on Friday for a new edition of Happy Hour. Have a great one, everyone.
