# Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone 05-12-26

**Show:** Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone
**Date Published:** 2026-05-13
**Date Found:** 2026-05-13
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/wayne-allyn-root-s-war-zone-05-12-26--71984976?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 87 minutes

## Summary

This 87-minute episode of Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone

## Key Moment

> "They're either bribed, owned lock, stock, and barrel on the CCP or drug cartels payroll, or they're being blackmailed. It's really that easy to see. The open borders issue exposed the whole Democrat Party. They were willing to do anything to keep the border open, even let Americans be raped and murdered and 100,000+ innocent American kids die from drug overdoses every year. It was always the bribes or the blackmail, stupid, to paraphrase James Carville. Heck, the Democrats in Congress sat with angry looks in their faces when President Trump asked everyone in Congress to stand if they supported Americans over illegal aliens. This just isn't normal. But now the Save America Act has exposed the Senate Republicans who are on the take or blackmailed. I can name them all. Anyone who won't pass the SAVE Act is dirty. They're either on the CCP or drug cartels' payroll or being blackmailed for deviant sexual behavior. It's really that simple. Just this week, we saw two big stories in the news that tied all of this. Story number one: Eileen Wong, the mayor of Arcadia, California, was just arrested for acting as a foreign agent for China. She's accused of being a spy and sleeper cell agent for the Chinese Communist Party. She happened to get elected mayor, but agents, spies, and sleepers are everywhere. They're chiefs of staff in Congress. They're girlfriends, boyfriends, escorts, and handlers for the most powerful politicians in America. Eileen Wong is just the tiny tip of the iceberg. We have been infiltrated And it's always by China. Story number 2, Wesley Edens, the billionaire co-owner of the NBA Milwaukee Bucks, was extorted, i.e., blackmailed by Shangli Sophia Luo, a Chinese executive threatening the billionaire with photos and videos of their sex. She wanted $1 billion for her efforts. She may be a prostitute, but give her credit, she's not cheap. Folks, this all goes— it's always the Chinese. Folks, this all goes on every hour of every day in DC, or the capital of whatever state you live in. We are being robbed and raped. The politicians are for sale or blackmailed, and that's why they seem nice and honest and patriotic and interested in helping the American people when they're campaigning for office. But then as soon as they get elected, they are voting against our interests. Trust me, they're on the take, owned by our foreign enemies, or being blackmailed. My educated guess is Both. So the Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a US senator who is bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no, especially a Republican US senator. My solution is A, vote Republican for the midterms or we have no chance to survive as a country. And B, demand lie detector tests and forensic audits for both parties. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word. Trust me, the ones voting against us are all dirty. Certainly the Republicans voting against us are all dirty. Truly amazing. And then a couple articles that back me up: unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think Hunter Biden's the only horny politician in America, or son of a politician in America? Come on, man. Do you remember that guy Madison Crawford? I think that was his name. Republican from North Carolina in a wheelchair. Handsome kid in a chair from an automobile accident. He said the minute he got to Congress, everybody said, come on, there's an orgy tomorrow night, all the congressmen are at it, let's go. And the minute he said that, everyone in Congress hated him. They took away all his privileges. They cursed him out whenever he saw them, and they made sure he wasn't reelected. That was the end of his career when he reported the truth about congressional orgies. I know what's going on, and they're all set up by the Chinese, I'm telling you. New Jersey Democrats order United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate. Democrats can't get elected without cheating. It's all they know how to do. That's it. It's cheating and taking bribes and, uh, making illegal aliens vote. Democrat state assembly candidate in New York City may be kicked off the primary ballot. 90% of her 5,000 of 258 total signatures were invalidated by the City Board of Elections. Many of them were out of the district, many of them were not registered to vote, and many of them were dead. My mom and dad have been dead since 1992, and my understanding is they're Democrats now. They were Republicans when they were alive, but since 1992 they've probably voted Democrat. This woman is wearing a hijab, as I called it an hour. Number one, an ugly scarf around her head. And she's a Muslim Democrat and she's got dead people signing her ballots and she's got invalidated signatures, 90% of her signatures. It's in their blood. Democrats are criminals, thieves, frauds, scoundrels, evil. Be right back. Hi, I'm Wade Ellaroot, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery. It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks. Pentacle Energy grew about 100 to 1 for investors. Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lost Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesar's Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial Freedom Seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year ICE will be put on trial and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allyn Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest for my fan Friends only get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. Hi, I'm Wade Ellaroot for Vertical Research Advisory, VRA, Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment and economic newsletter. Listen up, Trump is in charge, the glory days are here, growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well as my personal financial advisor. During that time, he's beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses the market 90% of time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. I don't mean to be a homer, because I was born Jewish. You know, I am a Jew, took Jesus Christ as my Savior, so some would argue I'm both Jew and evangelical Christian. I describe it as a Messianic Jew. But I think you could say culture-wise and race-wise, I'm Jewish. You can never change that. My blood is Jewish. But you could say religion-wise, I guess I'm a Christian now. It's probably the easiest way to say it. I don't see any contradiction or problem with that because we live in a Judeo-Christian nation with Judeo-Christian values. Jews and Christians are kissing cousins or close twin brothers, and it's really one of one and two of the same. But I, I still love the Jewish people. I will always love the Jewish people. I'm not thrilled with the Jewish liberals, but I'm always fighting for the Jewish people. And it sure does seem I mean, like, when you find someone who hates Jews and loves Palestinians, um, they're just total scumbags. And the pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the Super Bowl halftime show, is found guilty in court. His name is Zul Qarnain Kwame Nantambu, faces 6 months in prison. He was the Super Bowl halftime performer who turned protester. And this is a while back, this was not in the last Super Bowl— I don't think it was a couple of Super Bowls ago— when he unfurled a pro-Palestinian flag on the field of the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. And he's been convicted in court and faces a fine, possible jail time. He's been found guilty of resisting police. Uh, he was originally enlisted to be part of Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance on February 9th, 2025. So in other words, two Super Bowls ago. Things went sideways when he pulled a flag of Sudan and Palestine sewn together out of his own wardrobe and ran across the field waving the flag. Security and law enforcement personnel chased him, but he refused to comply with their commands to stop. He eventually surrendered, and he was charged with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace. My point is, they're all lawbreakers. They're criminals. They're slimeballs. They're scumbags. Who's got it right? Who's got it perfectly right? Spencer Pratt, running for mayor of LA, uh, former reality TV star. You need that to get it right. He said in a leaked, um, a leaked email or text, I don't know which one it is, that he is going to crack down on the mind virus of anti-Semitism and end violence against Jewish people. In a scathing message to a journalist, he said in the leaked DM to journalist James Lee that he has been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified and it will end on his watch if elected. I will have zero tolerance for it. Anti-Semitism is a legitimate mind virus and a sign of decaying society. Scathed, let's be honest, is a culture problem. He is a vocal critic of LA Mayor Karen Bass, said he blames far-left leaders like her for fomenting hate against Jews, with pro-Hamas protests erupting numerous times on her watch. This bull, you know what, stops when I am mayor. His main course of action will be to step up policing against anti-Semitic targets, including directing the LAPD to ramp up patrols around synagogues and Chabad centers. Um, let's see, I'm trying to find what else he said because there were some other really good things he said. Said. Um, said an elite journalist, he's been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified. Um, he says Jews are my brothers and sisters. Um, he said such sentiments on college campuses of, of anti-Semitism and pro-Hamas, uh, among young voters is disgusting. He would not be deterred by social media trends and opposition to anti-Semitism. I will never abandon my Jewish brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, the mayor has no authority over the chancellors at universities, he wrote, so it comes down to using the bully pulpit to shame and pressure them to act in defense of Jewish students and faculty. The former reality star has won praise for his brash campaign, boasted that unlike Bass, nobody's better at that than me. I will be their worst nightmare if they don't get in gear. I will lean on the DOJ and the district attorney to aggressively pursue civil rights prosecutions. We've seen this movie before, and this crap ain't happening on my watch. Never again is right now, he said. In a follow-up message, Pratt lampooned Bass for failing to end the rise of antisemitism, accusing her of being unable to use the power of her office properly. And, uh, just to show you how good he did in the debate, Spencer Pratt wanted so big. I think it was like 90% said he was the winner. So now there was a new debate this week, or supposed to be, and the mayor dropped out, and then the socialist councilman running against her dropped out. The two people that he destroyed that have any chance of winning dropped out of the debate because they can't debate with the Wayne Roots and the Spencer Pratts and the Donald Trumps. They can't do it. They don't have any facts on their side. But again, it goes hand in hand. Hating Jews and being a communist goes hand in hand and destroying society. Lost Soldier Oil and Gas is the sponsor of this segment. Took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery in Wyoming. The first 4,000 feet drilled so far estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, one of the largest natural gas discoveries in decades. To learn more more about this Lost Soldier Oil and Gas opportunity, go to lostsoldier.com, fill out the form, they'll get right back to you. Lostsoldier.com. All right, Wayne Allyn Root, the Root, the Root, the Root's on fire. Welcome back to the show from Las Vegas, my adopted hometown for 24 years now, the crossroads of America and the world. About 40 million, 42, 43 million tourists every single year from all over over the United States, all 50 states and all over the world. So, so gives me a leg up on figuring out what people are thinking, right? I understand my pulses on what people are thinking in America, in the crossroads of this great country, Las Vegas, Nevada. And it must be working, right? Something must be working. I did a special the other night called America Speaks for Real America's Voice TV. I've already got my hit show on weekends, monster hit called America's Top 10 Countdown. And I did my special America Speaks. We asked you to call in and speak to Wayne Root and tell us what you're thinking, and 2,400 people called in on the first night of the special with almost no promotion. 2,400 and crashed the phone system. And I'll be announcing next week a brand new show every single night on the network called America Speaks. All right, Freedom Fest is coming up. This is my guest segment. They are the sponsor of this segment. Freedom Fest is the world's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year that it's in Vegas, and I can't wait to meet all of you here. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day. Hear and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders. You will see a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show a pitch tank for entrepreneurs and great debates, including the big annual mock trial, which I win almost every single year. I think I'm 5-0 in those trials now. I've never lost. Uh, it— this year's trial, they're putting ICE on trial, and the ICE defense attorney is yours truly, Wayne Allyn Root. That's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be televised nationally on C-SPAN, but you'll want to be live in the audience with me defending ICE. The MC is Kennedy From Fox News, the speakers include Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, United States Senator Rand Paul, celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, freedomfest.com, and use promo code WAR for $100 off. Promo code WAR gets you $100 off at freedomfest.com. All right, my guest is Casey Crosby. She's been on quite a few times now, uh, co-chair of the RNC, Republican National Committee. We always love to have her back. Casey, welcome to the show. How are you?"
> — Speaker B at 48:18
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [48:18] Speaker B: "They're either bribed, owned lock, stock, and barrel on the CCP or drug cartels payroll, or they're being blackmailed. It's really that easy to see. The open borders issue exposed the whole Democrat Party. They were willing to do anything to keep the border open, even let Americans be raped and murdered and 100,000+ innocent American kids die from drug overdoses every year. It was always the bribes or the blackmail, stupid, to paraphrase James Carville. Heck, the Democrats in Congress sat with angry looks in their faces when President Trump asked everyone in Congress to stand if they supported Americans over illegal aliens. This just isn't normal. But now the Save America Act has exposed the Senate Republicans who are on the take or blackmailed. I can name them all. Anyone who won't pass the SAVE Act is dirty. They're either on the CCP or drug cartels' payroll or being blackmailed for deviant sexual behavior. It's really that simple. Just this week, we saw two big stories in the news that tied all of this. Story number one: Eileen Wong, the mayor of Arcadia, California, was just arrested for acting as a foreign agent for China. She's accused of being a spy and sleeper cell agent for the Chinese Communist Party. She happened to get elected mayor, but agents, spies, and sleepers are everywhere. They're chiefs of staff in Congress. They're girlfriends, boyfriends, escorts, and handlers for the most powerful politicians in America. Eileen Wong is just the tiny tip of the iceberg. We have been infiltrated And it's always by China. Story number 2, Wesley Edens, the billionaire co-owner of the NBA Milwaukee Bucks, was extorted, i.e., blackmailed by Shangli Sophia Luo, a Chinese executive threatening the billionaire with photos and videos of their sex. She wanted $1 billion for her efforts. She may be a prostitute, but give her credit, she's not cheap. Folks, this all goes— it's always the Chinese. Folks, this all goes on every hour of every day in DC, or the capital of whatever state you live in. We are being robbed and raped. The politicians are for sale or blackmailed, and that's why they seem nice and honest and patriotic and interested in helping the American people when they're campaigning for office. But then as soon as they get elected, they are voting against our interests. Trust me, they're on the take, owned by our foreign enemies, or being blackmailed. My educated guess is Both. So the Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a US senator who is bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no, especially a Republican US senator. My solution is A, vote Republican for the midterms or we have no chance to survive as a country. And B, demand lie detector tests and forensic audits for both parties. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word. Trust me, the ones voting against us are all dirty. Certainly the Republicans voting against us are all dirty. Truly amazing. And then a couple articles that back me up: unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think Hunter Biden's the only horny politician in America, or son of a politician in America? Come on, man. Do you remember that guy Madison Crawford? I think that was his name. Republican from North Carolina in a wheelchair. Handsome kid in a chair from an automobile accident. He said the minute he got to Congress, everybody said, come on, there's an orgy tomorrow night, all the congressmen are at it, let's go. And the minute he said that, everyone in Congress hated him. They took away all his privileges. They cursed him out whenever he saw them, and they made sure he wasn't reelected. That was the end of his career when he reported the truth about congressional orgies. I know what's going on, and they're all set up by the Chinese, I'm telling you. New Jersey Democrats order United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate. Democrats can't get elected without cheating. It's all they know how to do. That's it. It's cheating and taking bribes and, uh, making illegal aliens vote. Democrat state assembly candidate in New York City may be kicked off the primary ballot. 90% of her 5,000 of 258 total signatures were invalidated by the City Board of Elections. Many of them were out of the district, many of them were not registered to vote, and many of them were dead. My mom and dad have been dead since 1992, and my understanding is they're Democrats now. They were Republicans when they were alive, but since 1992 they've probably voted Democrat. This woman is wearing a hijab, as I called it an hour. Number one, an ugly scarf around her head. And she's a Muslim Democrat and she's got dead people signing her ballots and she's got invalidated signatures, 90% of her signatures. It's in their blood. Democrats are criminals, thieves, frauds, scoundrels, evil. Be right back. Hi, I'm Wade Ellaroot, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery. It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks. Pentacle Energy grew about 100 to 1 for investors. Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lost Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesar's Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial Freedom Seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year ICE will be put on trial and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allyn Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest for my fan Friends only get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. Hi, I'm Wade Ellaroot for Vertical Research Advisory, VRA, Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment and economic newsletter. Listen up, Trump is in charge, the glory days are here, growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well as my personal financial advisor. During that time, he's beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses the market 90% of time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. I don't mean to be a homer, because I was born Jewish. You know, I am a Jew, took Jesus Christ as my Savior, so some would argue I'm both Jew and evangelical Christian. I describe it as a Messianic Jew. But I think you could say culture-wise and race-wise, I'm Jewish. You can never change that. My blood is Jewish. But you could say religion-wise, I guess I'm a Christian now. It's probably the easiest way to say it. I don't see any contradiction or problem with that because we live in a Judeo-Christian nation with Judeo-Christian values. Jews and Christians are kissing cousins or close twin brothers, and it's really one of one and two of the same. But I, I still love the Jewish people. I will always love the Jewish people. I'm not thrilled with the Jewish liberals, but I'm always fighting for the Jewish people. And it sure does seem I mean, like, when you find someone who hates Jews and loves Palestinians, um, they're just total scumbags. And the pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the Super Bowl halftime show, is found guilty in court. His name is Zul Qarnain Kwame Nantambu, faces 6 months in prison. He was the Super Bowl halftime performer who turned protester. And this is a while back, this was not in the last Super Bowl— I don't think it was a couple of Super Bowls ago— when he unfurled a pro-Palestinian flag on the field of the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. And he's been convicted in court and faces a fine, possible jail time. He's been found guilty of resisting police. Uh, he was originally enlisted to be part of Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance on February 9th, 2025. So in other words, two Super Bowls ago. Things went sideways when he pulled a flag of Sudan and Palestine sewn together out of his own wardrobe and ran across the field waving the flag. Security and law enforcement personnel chased him, but he refused to comply with their commands to stop. He eventually surrendered, and he was charged with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace. My point is, they're all lawbreakers. They're criminals. They're slimeballs. They're scumbags. Who's got it right? Who's got it perfectly right? Spencer Pratt, running for mayor of LA, uh, former reality TV star. You need that to get it right. He said in a leaked, um, a leaked email or text, I don't know which one it is, that he is going to crack down on the mind virus of anti-Semitism and end violence against Jewish people. In a scathing message to a journalist, he said in the leaked DM to journalist James Lee that he has been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified and it will end on his watch if elected. I will have zero tolerance for it. Anti-Semitism is a legitimate mind virus and a sign of decaying society. Scathed, let's be honest, is a culture problem. He is a vocal critic of LA Mayor Karen Bass, said he blames far-left leaders like her for fomenting hate against Jews, with pro-Hamas protests erupting numerous times on her watch. This bull, you know what, stops when I am mayor. His main course of action will be to step up policing against anti-Semitic targets, including directing the LAPD to ramp up patrols around synagogues and Chabad centers. Um, let's see, I'm trying to find what else he said because there were some other really good things he said. Said. Um, said an elite journalist, he's been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified. Um, he says Jews are my brothers and sisters. Um, he said such sentiments on college campuses of, of anti-Semitism and pro-Hamas, uh, among young voters is disgusting. He would not be deterred by social media trends and opposition to anti-Semitism. I will never abandon my Jewish brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, the mayor has no authority over the chancellors at universities, he wrote, so it comes down to using the bully pulpit to shame and pressure them to act in defense of Jewish students and faculty. The former reality star has won praise for his brash campaign, boasted that unlike Bass, nobody's better at that than me. I will be their worst nightmare if they don't get in gear. I will lean on the DOJ and the district attorney to aggressively pursue civil rights prosecutions. We've seen this movie before, and this crap ain't happening on my watch. Never again is right now, he said. In a follow-up message, Pratt lampooned Bass for failing to end the rise of antisemitism, accusing her of being unable to use the power of her office properly. And, uh, just to show you how good he did in the debate, Spencer Pratt wanted so big. I think it was like 90% said he was the winner. So now there was a new debate this week, or supposed to be, and the mayor dropped out, and then the socialist councilman running against her dropped out. The two people that he destroyed that have any chance of winning dropped out of the debate because they can't debate with the Wayne Roots and the Spencer Pratts and the Donald Trumps. They can't do it. They don't have any facts on their side. But again, it goes hand in hand. Hating Jews and being a communist goes hand in hand and destroying society. Lost Soldier Oil and Gas is the sponsor of this segment. Took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery in Wyoming. The first 4,000 feet drilled so far estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, one of the largest natural gas discoveries in decades. To learn more more about this Lost Soldier Oil and Gas opportunity, go to lostsoldier.com, fill out the form, they'll get right back to you. Lostsoldier.com. All right, Wayne Allyn Root, the Root, the Root, the Root's on fire. Welcome back to the show from Las Vegas, my adopted hometown for 24 years now, the crossroads of America and the world. About 40 million, 42, 43 million tourists every single year from all over over the United States, all 50 states and all over the world. So, so gives me a leg up on figuring out what people are thinking, right? I understand my pulses on what people are thinking in America, in the crossroads of this great country, Las Vegas, Nevada. And it must be working, right? Something must be working. I did a special the other night called America Speaks for Real America's Voice TV. I've already got my hit show on weekends, monster hit called America's Top 10 Countdown. And I did my special America Speaks. We asked you to call in and speak to Wayne Root and tell us what you're thinking, and 2,400 people called in on the first night of the special with almost no promotion. 2,400 and crashed the phone system. And I'll be announcing next week a brand new show every single night on the network called America Speaks. All right, Freedom Fest is coming up. This is my guest segment. They are the sponsor of this segment. Freedom Fest is the world's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year that it's in Vegas, and I can't wait to meet all of you here. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day. Hear and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders. You will see a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show a pitch tank for entrepreneurs and great debates, including the big annual mock trial, which I win almost every single year. I think I'm 5-0 in those trials now. I've never lost. Uh, it— this year's trial, they're putting ICE on trial, and the ICE defense attorney is yours truly, Wayne Allyn Root. That's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be televised nationally on C-SPAN, but you'll want to be live in the audience with me defending ICE. The MC is Kennedy From Fox News, the speakers include Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, United States Senator Rand Paul, celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, freedomfest.com, and use promo code WAR for $100 off. Promo code WAR gets you $100 off at freedomfest.com. All right, my guest is Casey Crosby. She's been on quite a few times now, uh, co-chair of the RNC, Republican National Committee. We always love to have her back. Casey, welcome to the show. How are you?"

## Full Transcript

[00:10] **Speaker A:** Warning! The Root, the Root, the Root's on fire! You're about to experience the most high-octane, pedal-to-the-metal controversial show of your life! Please buckle up and hold on tightly! This station is not responsible for injuries! This is Wayne Allen Root, America's favorite conservative rock star! Direct from the entertainment capital of the world, Las Vegas! What time is it? It's time for war! Here's your host, 100% raw truth, 100% American-made, the warrior Wayne Allen Root.

[00:58] **Speaker B:** All right, Wayne Allen Root, the root, the root, the root is on fire. Welcome to War Zone Live, great to be with you. I'm entering the NFL Hall of Fame. It's my NFL Hall of Fame jacket, or maybe it's the Masters jacket. I don't know, it looks like either one of them. But I love this jacket with black on black in this jacket. I think it looks really nice, but it looks very different, right? It's the only people you ever see wearing this color are the guys going into the Hall of Fame. But I'm in the Hall of Fame. I'm in the Dressing Hall of Fame. Roger Stone keeps the list of the best dressed men in America, and 2 of the last 4 years I've been on that list. And the only problem with that is I should have been wanted all 4 years. You listening, Roger? All 4. Come on, man. Uh, I spent my entire life wanting to be on the best dressed list since I'm 16 years old, and I made the best dressed list twice in the last 4 years. How cool is that? God bless America. Only in America. All right, uh, my commentary, my latest one was just written, uh, 5 minutes ago, just finished seconds ago, and then rushed to get dressed and ready. Here I go. It's still hot, hot off the presses. Why are Democrats against the SAVE Act? Why are a handful of Republican senators even against it? Well, they're all either blackmailed or bribed by China or the drug cartels. I'm the only national TV host in America who has cracked the code for a decade now. I must be doing something right. I just landed my second national TV show. I'll be announcing the show in the next week, but it will be a daily show to go with my weekend hit, America's Top 10 Countdown. Now you'll be able to watch me 7 days a week. But back to the code. I've been reporting and warning for over a decade now that the entire Democrat Party and a few key RINO Republicans and all the Democrat judges and a few key members of the Supreme Court too are either bribed or blackmailed by China and the CCP. And maybe it's a little bit of the deep state in the United States as well too, by the way. I should probably add that to the commentary. And one more suspect doing the bribing and blackmailing: China's partner in the multi-billion dollar drug trade, the Mexican drug cartels. And why not? If you made a few billion dollars a week, wouldn't you bribe and blackmail a few politicians to protect your scam? I grew up on the mean streets of the Bronx borderline. Even more importantly, I attended high school at one of the roughest inner-city high schools in America. It was 95% Black, a few rough Italians, and one Jew— me. I was almost murdered on multiple occasions, no exaggeration. But most important of all, I grew up in an all-Italian Mafia neighborhood. I understand organized crime. And I understand how they operate, how they stay in business with bribes and blackmail. It's called Let's Make a Deal. Behind door number 1 is blackmail. They set up the politicians with beautiful women or men, because a lot of them are secretly gay, including a lot of the Republicans, or orgies with lots of beautiful women or men or both, and they videotape it. Behind door number 2 is a choice. You can either accept $10 million in cash in a Cayman Island or Belize offshore bank account and play ball, i.e., vote the way they tell you to vote from now on. Or you could say no, in which case they will release the photos and the videos and ruin your career and your life. Your spouse will divorce you, your children will disown you, your voters will reject you, the media will mock you. You'll be a joke for the rest of your life. Your life is over. Which one would you choose? Exhibit A is the Democrats' obsession with illegal alien criminals. They love them, they do anything for them, even the murderers, rapists, drug traffickers, human drug traffickers, and the evil MS-13 and Tren de Aragua gangbangers. Democrats love them all with a red-hot obsession and passion and desperation that I've never before seen in a politician. They're even desperate to leave Washington, D.C. and fly all the way to El Salvador to rescue the worst subhuman scumbag MS-13 savages from prison there and bring them back to the USA. Who would do that? The communist insurrectionist judges are desperate to set free the worst illegal alien killers, rapists, and pedophiles. No matter how evil their crimes, the Democrats love them and want them back on the streets. This is not normal. Something is wrong. I've warned for years the entire Democrat leadership is on the payroll of China, the CCP, Chinese Communist Party, and the drug cartels. But now add in leading US Senate RINO Republicans too. How do I know? It's easy. Just look at the Save America Act. Everyone in America supports it. Whites, Blacks, Latinos, Republicans, Democrats, 80% of everyone, virtually 100% of Republicans and MAGA. Yet the GOP-controlled Senate can't and won't pass it. Why? They're either bribed, owned lock, stock, and barrel on the CCP or drug cartels payroll, or they're being blackmailed. This is all so easy to see. The open borders issue exposed the whole Democrat Party. They were willing to do anything to keep the border open, even let Americans be raped and murdered and 100,000 innocent American kids die from drug overdoses every year. It was always the bribes or the blackmail, stupid. To paraphrase James Carville, right? It was always the bribes or the blackmail, stupid. But now the Save America Act has exposed the Senate Republicans who are on the take or blackmailed. I can name them all. Anyone who won't pass the SAVE Act is dirty. They're either on the CCP drug cartel's payroll or being blackmailed for deviant sexual behavior. It's really that simple. Just this week, we saw two big stories in the news that tie to all of this. Story number one, Eileen Wong, the mayor of Arcadia, California, was just arrested for acting as a foreign agent for China. She's accused of being a spy and a sleeper cell agent for the Chinese Communist Party. She happened to get elected mayor, but agents, spies, and sleepers are everywhere. They're chiefs of staff, girlfriends, boyfriends, escorts, and handlers for the most powerful politicians in America. Eileen Wong is a tiny tip of the iceberg. We have been infiltrated. Story number 2: Wesley Eden The billionaire co-owner of the NBA Milwaukee Bucks was extorted, i.e., blackmailed, by Shangli Sophia Luo, a Chinese executive threatening the billionaire with photos and videos of their sexual escapades. She wanted $1 billion for her efforts. She may be a prostitute, but give her credit, she's not cheap, folks. This all goes on every hour of every day in Washington, DC. Or the capital of whatever state you live in. We're all being robbed and raped. The politicians are for sale or blackmail, and that's why they seem nice and honest and patriotic and interested in helping the American people when they're campaigning for office. And then as soon as they get elected, they're voting against our interests. Trust me, they're on the take, owned by our foreign enemies, or being blackmailed. My educated guess is both, and China is everywhere. As you see with the Milwaukee Bucks, as you see with the mayor of Arcadia, China has infiltrated the United States. The Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a U.S. senator who's bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no, especially a Republican senator. My solution, the only one I've got, is that we demand lie detector tests and forensic audits. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word, right? That's my only answer. I don't have any other answer. And of course Wait, I have one other answer. Mostly vote Republican because the Democrats are absolutely all on the take for the Mexican drug cartel. Maybe not every Republican, but every Democrat is on the take. All of them. All right, so here's a few more stories that kind of fall under my headline here, under my opening commentary. Unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think, uh, the president's son is the only one involved in sex trafficking? I think the whole Democrat Party is involved in sex trafficking and prostitution and pedophilia. It's really quite amazing. And then here's another one that kind of falls under my category of they're all corrupt and crooked. Million-dollar SNAP food stamp fraud scheme in Minnesota. Tim Walz's backyard sparks outrage. Authorities say AB Abdulwahid Mohamed's plan involved a high degree of sophistication and occurred over a lengthy period. They're all on the take. All the politicians are tied in with the Muslims, Somalis in Minnesota. So I'm sure Walt's got a piece of all of it. I'm sure Obama got a piece of all of it. Hillary Clinton probably got a piece of all of it. Here's one more. Dead voters' signatures appear on Democrat candidates' forms. This is our democracy nowadays. The signature of dead Brooklyn voters appeared on a Democrat candidate's nominating petitions. Now she's at risk of being kicked off the primary ballot. And here's another one. She's got the, uh, the Muslim thing, whatever the hell you call it, the ugly thing over her face. Hijab. State— quote, the ugly thing. That's Wayne Root calls it, the ugly thing, the hijab, the ugly thing from another planet. State Assembly candidate Marie Merville Shazada and her slate of Democrat district leaders are about to get axed on the Coney Island primary because a mind-boggling 90% of her 5,258 total signatures have been invalidated by the city's Board of Elections. Some 3,000 people who signed the petitions lived out of the district or were not registered to vote, and some of them were dead. When you look at Minnesota and you look at this candidate in New York. And you look at this, happened before. It's like if they're Muslim and they're Democrat, doesn't matter if they're Ilhan Omar, Rashida Tlaib, they're all on the take, they're all vicious, they're all liars, they're all felons, they're all criminals, they're bums. Throw them out of the United States. Deport them all.

[11:51] **Speaker C:** For 250 years, America has stood on independence, forged by determination, built by those who believed freedom was worth defending. Now that same spirit lives on in stainless steel. The Bond Arms America 250th Edition handgun. American-made, precision-crafted, and built like a tank. The smallest, most powerful personal protection you can carry. Built to honor our past, designed to enjoy for generations. This is the finest in double-barrel protection. The Bond Arms America 250th Edition handgun, precision crafted from stainless steel. Visit getbondarms.com to secure your America 250th Edition hand cannon. Go to getbondarms.com or call 817-573-4445.

[12:51] **Speaker B:** Hi, Wayne Alaroot for Zichar Genesis Medicine. Their CEO Dan Montano has been a guest on my show many times to discuss his company's medicines to reverse type 2 diabetes, reverse Parkinson's, and reverse heart disease. Over 300 patients have been dosed with their medicines during research studies, and all patients have shown great improvement with no adverse events reported. I know many of you have type 2 diabetes or Parkinson's or heart disease, or you know someone who does, so listen up! You could participate in one of their upcoming free medical research studies using their breakthrough medicines. They created a website just for my fans. Register now at cure-war.com. That's cure, C-U-R-E, dash war, dot com. Also, if you're interested in learning about their investment opportunities, go to cure-war.com. Wouldn't it be great to make money and help cure diseases? Go to cure-war .com.

[13:51] **Speaker D:** What would you say if we told you you could reverse most any ailment or symptom without painful exercises in just 88 days?

[13:59] **Speaker B:** We have created the only patent-pending intercellular hydration protocol.

[14:03] **Speaker D:** Don't miss your opportunity to feel better. We know there's a lot of false hope out there, and many people have bought programs that work for a moment, but life's a lot longer than a moment.

[14:13] **Speaker B:** We have been helping people gain intercellular hydration for nearly 3 decades.

[14:18] **Speaker D:** You will lose fat, not weight, fat fast, including that killer visceral fat. Chronic dehydration is one of the root causes of many ailments and symptoms. Ask your doctor about Energized Health. Don't miss your opportunity to transform your health now.

[14:34] **Speaker B:** So log on to energizedhealth.com. That's energizedhealth.com.

[14:39] **Speaker E:** Possible side effects may include increased joy, energy, potential reduction in prescriptions, more fulfilling relationships, fewer doctor visits, and overall improved quality of health and life.

[15:08] **Speaker B:** Remember I mentioned in my— there's a sphere. Isn't this sphere beautiful? Uh, you know, it's a different color every 5 minutes, maybe even every minute. It's a different design every minute. It's, uh, an American flag one minute, every 20 seconds. That effect, something like that, about 20 seconds or so. You see it from your home, right? Yeah, right here. You open the door and there it is in front of you, right? Patar, my director, lives right near the sphere, and it's right in view of his deck. So, um, remember I mentioned minutes ago in my commentary that, uh, the Democrat judges let every criminal out, no matter how vicious, no matter how vile, whether a murderer, whether insane, mentally deranged. They just don't care. They want them all out. Something's wrong. It doesn't make sense. So here is a shooter who sprayed dozens of rounds at passing cars in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Previously got in a gunfight with the police and got freed by a woke judge after just 3 years. And I said that, I said either they let them right out without bail, right, of, you know, before trial, right away. I mean, the minute they're arrested, they let them out even though they might be guilty of murder. It doesn't matter, let them out. Or once they're convicted, they let them out in a year or 2 years or 3 years. It's crazy. A 46-year-old career criminal with a long rap sheet, including a 2020 shootout in which he fired 13 rounds at Boston police was caught on video Monday afternoon walking down a major Boston area roadway and indiscriminately opening fire on passing vehicles with a semi-automatic rifle. It's because when you let insane people out and evil criminals out, uh, you know, evil— repeat, repeat, repeat again and again— criminals out, they're gonna do something horrible. What kind of judge would do this? It can't be because they're just brainwashed communists. It's got to be because they're paid to do it. Or like I say, you know, they got a wife and kids and they've been having lots of gay sex and they got a videotape of them screwing guys and they're letting the videotape out. Or they give you a million dollars and you vote the way they want you to vote, and then they let all these people out. And you go, why did they let the people out? Why would China want to let the people out? Why would the Mexican drug cartel want to let people out? Because they love crisis and chaos and dissension and division. They want to destroy our country and divide our country. They want Black against white, and they want white against Latino, and they want, you know, criminals against law-abiding citizens, and they want Jews against Christians. They want to divide this country so many ways— gays against straights, men against women, Republicans against Democrats, etc., etc. Division is the only way to destroy destroy this country from within, okay? And you can't destroy it from without. There's only one way to destroy this country. We're going to destroy ourselves, commit suicide. And that's what these people are. All these Democrats are suicide bombers. And now I've identified a few Republicans who are the same. Tyler Brown of Dorchester, Mass., sprayed 50 to 60 rounds along Memorial Drive in Cambridge around 1:30 in the afternoon. So in broad daylight, he's standing with a semi-automatic rifle shooting 50 to 60 rounds at cars they go by. Two innocent drivers were struck and left in critical condition. That's a miracle. He's a bad shot. He could have killed 50 people. He certainly could have killed 10. He only got two, and they're in critical condition. He continued firing till a Massachusetts State Police trooper shot him, ending the rampage. A former Marine who was driving nearby also assisted in stopping the threat. How cool are the Marines? Oorah! Wow, what a cool guy. Can you imagine? Anybody else wants to run from this. This guy stopped his car and must have gone after the guy. You know, Marines are kind of crazy, cuckoo for Cocoa Pops. They like the action, man. The shooting— thank God for them, man. Thank God they're crazy for action. Thank God. And when you're in trouble, you want a cop or a Marine nearby, you know. The shooting occurred just minutes after Boston Police had issued an alert to Cambridge authorities. Brown's parole officer had contacted police after seeing him on a FaceTime call brandishing a rifle and making suicidal statements. Officers were conducting a wellness check at his home when he fled across the river and began his attack on Memorial Drive. So, um, one of the victims was shot in the head. A mail truck was also hit by gunfire. The driver was not injured. And a bus driver was shot. Um, so a state police trooper arriving at the scene along with a civilian describes a former Marine licensed to carry a firearm— ooh rah— moved towards the suspect while shots were being fired. Suspect was shot multiple times in lower extremities and treated at the scene. People abandoned their vehicles and ran in multiple directions as a shooting unfolded. Yeah, I'm always carrying. I got a gun in my car at all times, baby..357 Magnum. I'm ready. I may not be a Marine, I'm just a Republican. All right, sponsor of the show, VRA, as in Vertical Research. But the judges, the liberal judges, what a bunch of scumbags. VRA is the sponsor of the show. 15 years at Wall Street at the highest levels, and Kip Herridge left in 2003 to start VRA, his global investment and economic newsletter. Since then, 22 years, this 23rd year, it's beaten the market almost 90% of the time, up 38% on average each year the last 3 years. Go to vrainsider.com and test it for 2 weeks for free. vrainsider.com. All right, Wayne Allyn Root, the Root, the Root, the Root is on fire. Welcome back to the show. Let me mention the sponsor of this segment of the show. It's Zichar Genesis Medicine. I've been telling you about their medicines to reverse type 2 diabetes and reverse Parkinson's disease and reverse the number one cause of death in the world, small vessel heart disease. This form of heart disease responsible for one-third of the deaths in the world. Now they have a treatment for it and they have human data to show it's safe and it works. To get this medicine to market, they're seeking investors to fund more medical research studies. Z-Cho is offering investors— now get this deal— a royalty of 50% of the cash received until they reach 10 times their investment. And after 48 months, for any investor who's still not happy, Z-Cho will pay them back 2 times their initial investment. If you're interested in learning more about this investment opportunity Go to cure-war.com. They created a website just for my fans. cure-war.com. Wouldn't it be great to make money and help cure diseases at the same time? Go to cure-war.com. Cure as in C-U-R-E. cure-war.com. War for Wayne Allyn Root. It's the website they made up just for my fans. All right, my guest is here. It's our guest segment. JG Carroll. Good timing. I keep talking about illegals and about the crazy Democrats and how they support them, uh, with, uh, passion and obsession and desperation. So now we got J.J. Carroll, retired US border agent, author of the bestselling book Treason: The Biden Administration's Strategic and Malicious Destruction of America's Sovereignty. The website, thisistreason.com. Thisistreason.com. J.J. Carroll, welcome to the show. How are you? Welcome back.

[22:30] **Speaker F:** I'm doing great. Thank you for having me. Wayne, I appreciate it.

[22:33] **Speaker B:** Great to have you on. So you served as an ICE agent for the last 6 months on the fugitive ops team, but you just decided to leave ICE. Why did you decide to leave ICE?

[22:45] **Speaker F:** Well, I was a unique case. Uh, I— when I retired and Donald Trump asked us to come back, asked retired Border Patrol and ICE officers to come back and, and to get in the fight again, I said yes. But I'm not the normal retiree. I just didn't fade off into the sunset. I wrote 2 bestselling books, did a documentary challenging and proving that the the federal government of the United States of America is the largest child sex trafficking organization, went in front of Congress and testified. And I have a successful podcast and I have a successful Substack where people pay me to write articles, and that became a problem, uh, with my employment. Uh, but one, two things happened under my time with ICE and in the Fugitive Ops team. One, it disproved— which I already knew— disproved every single thing that the Democrat politicians have slandered ICE about. They are the most professional. They have highest, highest integrity. They are the most well-trained law enforcement officers I've ever been around. And two, unfortunately, there is no mass deportations. The infrastructure is not built for it, and it will not happen unless there is massive change.

[23:52] **Speaker B:** You know, I've said on my show many times, I'm a big fan of mass deportation. I want them all gone. And it's never, ever, ever going to happen. I've said this a thousand times. We don't have enough enough ICE agents, we don't have enough border agents, we don't have enough police. Uh, you'd have to bring in the entire United States military. We have no capability of going into blue cities and towns without people getting killed, just like what happened in Minnesota. I was right. I said stick to the red cities and the red states because the liberals will try and cause a, uh, you know, it's kind of like January 6th. They'll try and cause a setup where we kill someone and then they blame us. And that's exactly what happened. I said the way to do this, um, JJ, is, uh, is E-Verify. I said you cut off their welfare, you cut off their jobs, you cut off funding, you cut off their ability to send money outside the United States, you cut off every single thing in the world that they rely on— food stamps, welfare, aid to dependent children, earned income tax credits. You don't let them go to school anymore if the parents are illegal. And you most importantly E-Verify. You go to every workplace ICE goes to every workplace and they find the illegals and throw them out of the country, or they just force them to fire them, then they have no job. I think that's the way to get it done. Mass self-deportation. And maybe on top of that, you offer them $5,000 a person to leave, which is a bargain. Trust me, in the long run, that's a fortune we save. So I don't even mind offering a family of 4 $20,000 to make them leave cuz they have no job anymore. They can't get wealthy, they can't They can't get food stamps, they can't get jobs. So what are they going to do? They're going to be forced to leave and it's easier and there's no confrontations. So that was my idea. Let's hear your thoughts on that.

[25:31] **Speaker F:** I agree with you 100%. However, I will push back on this. There is no time. There is no time to waste to get these people out of our country. We cannot wait for them to self-deport for this reason. In my time with ICE, I arrested hundreds of murderers, rapists, pedophiles, drug dealers. Everyone I arrested, even on the base level, was somebody that been deported 4 or 5 times, had 5, 6, 7, 10 DUI, hit and runs, you name it. They are committing heinous crimes in America. American women are being raped at unprecedented level. American men and children are being slaughtered in our streets at unprecedented level. I say cut off everything, everything. Make it impossible for them to live here. At the same time, there needs to be—

[26:16] **Speaker B:** and go after the criminals. Go after the really bad ones. No question about that. No one, no one disagrees with that. JJ, go after every single felon and go after them hard. And you have to kill them in, in, in the situation. Kill them, whatever you got to do. Get rid of the felons. But I'm saying to get rid of everyone else, the ones who all the liberals claim are, are nice people. They still came here illegally. They can't have a job in our country and they shouldn't get any government benefits. And if you cut all that off, they will self-deport. That's all I was saying. Of course I agree with you to go after the bad ones, uh, continue going after the bad ones day and night, night and day.

[26:54] **Speaker F:** Uh, absolutely. But there is a struggle here. How do you determine who's good and who's bad? I'll arrest a guy looks like Poindexter, he's a mass murderer. I'll arrest some guy with tattoos all over his body, gang tats, and I have nothing in his criminal database, but I know he is a massive felon from his home country. There is— there, there is— we're in a dire strait in America. There are 50 million illegal aliens. Let's do a numbers just so your audience understand. Per the government's data, we're arresting and deporting about 400,000 people a year. At the same time— nothing. But at the same time, Wayne, we have 55 million legal immigrants that come in, and per government data, which I do not believe, but let's go off of their data, 1 to 2% of them overstay their visas and become illegal aliens. So between 500,000 and 800,000 thousand more illegal aliens come into our country. We are at a net negative or a net positive of illegal aliens in our country by numbers every single year. There needs to be a moratorium on legal immigration. We've got to purge ourselves of these illegal immigrants, and we need to do it now. And we need to— it has to be an absolute urgency. And Donald Trump, if President Trump hears anything, sir, if you just start doing mass deportations getting the military involved, your numbers will skyrocket. And America needs it done more than anything else. America needs to eradicate itself of these people.

[28:20] **Speaker B:** So I want to point out one thing, and that is that, um, uh, if you— you said, you know, how do you determine who the criminals are? Well, if you got criminal records, if you have a warrant for somebody, if there's someone who committed a felony, if someone committed a murder, someone committed a rape, if you know that they committed crimes in another country like murder and rape. I mean, it's pretty easy to tell which are the violent ones, isn't it?

[28:43] **Speaker F:** No, it's almost impossible, Wayne. That's my point. I go— I'll go do, quote, a routine vehicle stop on people that came back as illegal aliens through record checks. I pull them over. Maybe they just have one, two DUIs. Maybe, for example, I pull over a guy from Senegal. He has rape charges. I, I have no idea who I'm pulling over. That's the point. You have no idea. And there are millions in Kansas City where I worked. I would say conservatively, Wayne, conservatively, in Missouri and Kansas, at least a million illegal aliens.

[29:18] **Speaker B:** At least. I could take you to— right— of red state, conservative state.

[29:23] **Speaker F:** I could take you to a dozen places in Kansas City that are— have thousand-unit apartment complex, and every single person in there is illegal alien.

[29:33] **Speaker B:** Listen, I'd argue, I'd argue that the entire Culinary Union in Las Vegas, it's 150,000 culinary workers that service the Strip hotels. They're almost all illegal and they all vote. They're all registered to vote and they're voting Democrat. And guess what? Even though we know they're all illegal, they all get the day off on voting day. You know, they get like, I guess in the, in the, in the days leading up to voting day because we have early voting here and on voting day they go in shifts and they say, 1:30, you're off Tuesday. 1:30, you're off Wednesday. 1:30, you're off on Thursday. And they give 'em a free lunch and money. They get paid for not working to go vote that day. And they give them, the union gives them the list of who to vote for in Spanish. And it's only Democrats in Spanish. And they all go vote Democrat. And that's why Nevada for years has been a Republican red state, but they keep electing Democrats 'cause of that 150,000 illegal aliens on the Strip. Everybody else is a Republican, right? We got a big lead among everybody else, but it's a, it's a small enough lead that 150,000 overcomes it. So that's a real problem. I wanna make sure though, JJ, even though I agree with everything you're saying, I wanna make sure we also compliment President Trump cuz he's the only one that at least trying, right? No one else ever tried. He's trying and he's making some progress. He's gotten rid of like 500,000 and then and like 2 million have self-deported. So 2.5 million have left. At least he's trying. Is that a little, you know, nothing in the bucket? Yes, it's a little ripple, but it's better than zero. And he's got the border completely sealed. You do agree on that, correct?

[31:07] **Speaker F:** I absolutely— he is the greatest border president in the history of United States of America. I worked under that man as my leader. I can tell you firsthand, the greatest border president. No one's even close to second. Like, there's not even a second place.

[31:20] **Speaker B:** This.

[31:20] **Speaker F:** It's President Trump and no one else. He is trying, and I know that he is. And I, I watch people like Tom Homan. He's frustrated. There has to be a change of course of action because America— this is a demographic time bomb in America. They are reproducing. The illegal alien population is reproducing 5 to 1. It is a bad math problem, and we will lose. There is minimum 50 million illegal aliens in our country. And every segment of our society is negatively affected by illegal immigrants.

[31:51] **Speaker B:** 50 million illegals in the country. Jay Jay is not even talking about how many legal immigrants are in the country. It's just, it's overwhelming. Is anybody born in America anymore? Jay Jay, we're going to a break. Stay with me. We'll talk some more when we come back from the break. Jay Jay Carroll, thisistreason.com is his website. I'm Wayne Root, rootforamerica.com. Hi, I'm Wayne LaRue from Vertical Research Advisory, VRA. Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment and economic newsletter. Listen up! Trump is in charge. The glory days are here. Growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well Kip Russell is my personal financial advisor. During that time, he's beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses to the market 90% of the time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. Hi, I'm Wade Allen Root, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery. It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America, with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks, Pedeco Energy grew about 100 to 1 for investors Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lostsoldier.com. Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesar's Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year, ICE will be put on trial, and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allen Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News, with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. All right, Wayne on the route, the route, the route, the route is on fire. So, uh, sponsor of this segment, then we've got a little bit more with JJ Carroll coming up, the former Border Patrol agent, ICE agent. Uh, Energized Health is the sponsor. I lost 25 pounds of fat, gained 10 pounds of muscle in only 88 days to start the program. That was 6 years ago. My life's never been the same. I gained energy, I gained intercellular hydration. I got in the best shape of my life. I gained, uh, now 4 new TV shows and a podcast cuz I've got a new TV show to announce next week. It's gonna be on every night starting, I believe, June 1st, maybe a couple days before that. But that was me a minute ago, 15 years ago. That's me in the gym. Today, about to be age 65 in July. I'll be 65 on July 1st. Uh, I got Medicare. Medicare starts on July 1st. Kind of amazing. That's me in the gym looking younger than when I was 50, 15 years ago. You have anyone else in your family, your father, your uncle, your grandfather, anybody in your family look younger at the age of 65 than they did at the age of 50? Is anybody reverse aging? I am. And the reason why is Energize Health. Great program. So check it out. Enough of the pictures, guys. They've seen it, they get it. A little bit of overkill. Never show them that long. It's kind of too much. Uh, but you know, for decades Energize Health's been doing this, but they never got popular and never got big until they got on my show. And then I turned them into an Inc. 500 fastest growing company in America because of my testimonial and my brand. So, uh, I'm very proud that I made it, made them into a very big winner. And everybody said, look, if they could do that for Wayne, they'll do it for me. And thousands of my fans got involved. Go to energizehealth.com, energizehealth.com. You get 40% off when you say war. When you speak to them, just say war for Wayne Alaroot and you get 40% off to go on the same journey as me. JJ Carroll is back. He's the author of Treason. Thisistreason.com is the website. JJ, this was in the news today. New Jersey Democrats order the United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate about mail-in ballots. I mean, the Democrat Party is a party of nothing but mass fraud and cheating, and they cannot survive. They cannot win an election anywhere, even in deep blue New Jersey. They can't win without cheating with illegal alien votes and mail-in voters. And that's, you know, mail-in votes and ballot harvesting and ballot dropbox. It's all scam. It's one big giant scam.

[38:03] **Speaker F:** It is a scam, but what's more deadly facing us in less than 4 years is the 2030 census, and that's going to set the course of America for the remainder of her life. Because if we don't eradicate ourselves of these illegal aliens and then not allow them to be counted in the census— if they're allowed to be counted in the census, they believe that we're dead. 60 seats will flip in the House. 60 will flip blue. It's over with. They will gain and they will never lose the majority. They'll, they'll reappropriate or reallocate the Electoral College votes. It's all over. It's just over, right? Because we allow—

[38:35] **Speaker B:** by the way, if they win the presidency in '28, they'll make sure that the '30 census includes illegal aliens. If we win in '28, we'll make sure the census does not include it. So it's just as simple as whether we can win in '28 or not. We've got to win. And I assume it's the president that determines that, not the Congress. Or is it the Congress that determines it? Which one? If there's a Republican president in '28, let's just say Marco Rubio or J.D. Vance, But you've got a Democrat Congress. Can they overrule the president and force him to accept illegals? I have no idea what the answer to that is. Do you?

[39:08] **Speaker F:** I don't. I do know that we're getting to the point that we don't live in a republic anymore and we're some kind of quasi-democracy. So it's almost at the point if you have a Republican president, then he just needs to rule by executive order. That's how out of balance we are as a nation. We don't have a republic. We have something that I don't even know what the title should be applied to it, but it's not representation.

[39:30] **Speaker B:** No, and don't forget, I mean, it's the same, the single easiest thing in the world, right? When they talk about like a softball, a softball is like so big, right? It's coming at you, it's giant, it's easy to hit. Whereas a Major League Baseball is coming at you at 100 miles an hour and it's tiny. Softball is easy. So when they talk about something easy, they go softball. Let me give you the biggest softball in the world, the Save America Act. It's impossible that the Republican Senate won't pass the Save America Act, and yet they won't pass the Save America Act. 80% of Americans support what's in the Save America Act. 100% of Republicans and MAGA support what's in the Save America Act, and yet we can't get a Republican Congress to pass it, which just goes to show you, in my opinion, JJ, I think a lot of them are bribed or blackmailed by China, by the CCP, or by the Mexican drug cartels. Whoever's bribing them or blackmailing them, so one of our foreign enemies is doing it. There's no other explanation for why they're not passing the Save Act, which is a softball.

[40:29] **Speaker F:** No, I absolutely agree. There is no explanation. 85— 80 to 85% of Americans across the spectrum want the Save Act passed. They want election integrity. And then the pencil, John Thune, because he has the charisma of a pencil, he won't do it. Why won't he do it? Because they're compromised. There is no— from a law enforcement perspective, and I look at the totality, I have no, no other explanation for you, Wayne, except those people are compromised, plain and simple. Why would you have election integrity? Because Tuberville, the, the senator from Alabama, said it very clearly. There are several members of the Republican senatorial people that have stolen elections as well as Democrats. We live in a uniparty. We live in absolute chaos because we're no longer a Republican— I mean, a Republican form of government. We're, we're something else. I I don't know what it is.

[41:21] **Speaker B:** I love when Democrats say we're living on stolen land and Israel's living on stolen land. The US Senate and the US House are living on stolen land. The whole Democrat Party is living on stolen land. They've got stolen seats throughout the House and the Senate that they don't deserve. They didn't earn, they didn't win the election. They lost on election night. And then he started counting for 5 days after with mail-in ballots and illegal aliens, and they got their seats. They're living on Stolen Land. JJ Carroll, thisistreason.com. Thank you, JJ.

[41:50] **Speaker F:** Thank you, Wayne.

[41:59] **Speaker A:** Warning, the root, the root, the roots on fire. You're about to experience the most high-octane pedal to the metal controversial show of your life. Please buckle up and hold on tightly. This station is not responsible for injuries. This is Wayne Allen Root, America's favorite conservative rock star, direct from the entertainment capital of the world, Las Vegas. What time is it? It's time for war! Here's your host, 100% raw truth, 100% American-made, the warrior, Wayne Allen Root.

[42:51] **Speaker B:** All right, Wayne Allen Root, the Root, the Root, the Root is on fire. Welcome to the show from Las Vegas, Nevada. Uh, let me start off with my commentary. Hey, Pitar, is there— oh, there we go. I was just wondering we were on because I saw only Vegas up on the screen, so I wasn't sure what's going on. So yes, coming from Vegas, there's a reason we always show those scenes of Vegas, by the way, because that's my adopted hometown the last, uh, 24 years. And I love Las Vegas, and I love it because there's no taxes, no income taxes, no capital gains taxes, no business taxes, and no inheritance taxes. And the second lowest property taxes, I just found out, in the nation. Second lowest in the nation. Some study just said We're number 2 in the nation in lowest property tax. I don't know how true that is. We're certainly in the top 10 of the lowest property taxes, but it's pretty low. Pretty low. You can own a million-dollar house here and pay like $5,000, $6,000 a year in property taxes. That's pretty low. You're not going to find that anywhere else in the United States, I don't think. Kind of amazing because we have gaming, right? And gaming pays a lot of taxes. And also, we're not like California. We don't give our money away like they do in California. Government does not spend like a drunken sailor quite as bad as California. I'm still upset at many things government does here. Uh, they're trying, they're trying to replicate California, but they're not even close yet. All right, the commentary that I wrote, uh, earlier today, just barely finished before the show began: why are Democrats against the SAVE Act? Why are even a handful of Republican senators against it? They're all either bribed or blackmailed by China The Drug Cartels. That's the title. So I'm the only national TV host in America who has cracked the code for a decade now. I must be doing something right. I just landed my second national TV show, and I'll be announcing the show in the next week, but it will be a daily TV show to go with my weekend TV hit, America's Top 10 Countdown. Now you'll be able to watch me 7 days a week on TV. Back to the code. I've been reporting and warning for over a decade now that the entire Democrat Party and a few key RINO Republicans and all the Democrat judges and a few key members of the Supreme Court even are either bribed or blackmailed by China and the CCP and the Mexican drug cartels and/or the deep state. And why not? If you made a few million dollars a year— uh, excuse me, a few billion dollars a week selling drugs, a few $2 billion a week selling drugs, wouldn't you bribe and blackmail the politicians to protect your scam? Of course you would. I grew up on the mean streets of the Bronx borderline. Even more importantly, I attended high school at one of the roughest inner-city high schools in America. It was 95% black and a few rough Italian-Americans and one Jew— me. I was almost murdered on multiple occasions, no exaggeration. But most important of all, I grew I grew up in an all-Italian mafia neighborhood. I understood and understand organized crime, and I understand how they operate and how they stay in business with bribes and blackmail. It's called Let's Make a Deal. Behind door number 1 is blackmail. They set up the politicians with beautiful women or men or both, or orgies with lots of beautiful women or men or both, and then they videotape it. They take photos and videos. Behind Door number 2 is a choice. You can accept $10 million cash in a bribe. They'll put it in a Cayman Island offshore bank account and you play ball. You vote the way they tell you to vote. Or you could say no, in which case they will release the photos and the videos of you in inappropriate sexual activities and ruin your career and your life. Your spouse will divorce you. Your children will disown you. Your voters will reject you. The media will mock you. You'll be a joke you're broke for the rest of your life, unemployable, your life's over. Which one would you choose? The proof is the Democrats' obsession with illegal alien criminals. They love them. They would do anything for them. Even the murderers, rapists, drug traffickers, human traffickers, and the evil MS-13 and Tren de Aragua gangbangers. Democrats love them all with a red-hot passion, obsession, and desperation that I've never never before seen in a politician. They're even desperate to leave Washington, D.C. and fly thousands of miles to El Salvador to rescue the worst subhuman scumbag MS-13 savages from prison there and bring them back to the USA. Like anyone wants them? Who would want to bring them back? The communist insurrectionist judges are desperate to set free the worst illegal alien killers, rapists, and pedophiles. No matter how evil their crimes, the Democrats love them and want them free, and they give them like 1 year, 2 years, 3 years in prison for terrible crimes. And then Tina Peters spends 9 years in prison. Wow. This isn't normal. Something is wrong. I've warned for years the entire Democrat leadership is on the payroll of China, the CCP, the drug cartels. But now add in leading U.S. Senate RINO Republicans too. How do I know? It's easy. Just look at the Save America Act. Everyone in America supports it— whites, Blacks, Latinos, Republicans, Democrats. 80% of everyone supports it. Virtually 100% of Republicans and MAGA support it. So why can't the Republican Senate pass it. Yet the GOP-controlled Senate won't pass it.

[48:17] **Speaker A:** Why?

[48:18] **Speaker B:** They're either bribed, owned lock, stock, and barrel on the CCP or drug cartels payroll, or they're being blackmailed. It's really that easy to see. The open borders issue exposed the whole Democrat Party. They were willing to do anything to keep the border open, even let Americans be raped and murdered and 100,000+ innocent American kids die from drug overdoses every year. It was always the bribes or the blackmail, stupid, to paraphrase James Carville. Heck, the Democrats in Congress sat with angry looks in their faces when President Trump asked everyone in Congress to stand if they supported Americans over illegal aliens. This just isn't normal. But now the Save America Act has exposed the Senate Republicans who are on the take or blackmailed. I can name them all. Anyone who won't pass the SAVE Act is dirty. They're either on the CCP or drug cartels' payroll or being blackmailed for deviant sexual behavior. It's really that simple. Just this week, we saw two big stories in the news that tied all of this. Story number one: Eileen Wong, the mayor of Arcadia, California, was just arrested for acting as a foreign agent for China. She's accused of being a spy and sleeper cell agent for the Chinese Communist Party. She happened to get elected mayor, but agents, spies, and sleepers are everywhere. They're chiefs of staff in Congress. They're girlfriends, boyfriends, escorts, and handlers for the most powerful politicians in America. Eileen Wong is just the tiny tip of the iceberg. We have been infiltrated And it's always by China. Story number 2, Wesley Edens, the billionaire co-owner of the NBA Milwaukee Bucks, was extorted, i.e., blackmailed by Shangli Sophia Luo, a Chinese executive threatening the billionaire with photos and videos of their sex. She wanted $1 billion for her efforts. She may be a prostitute, but give her credit, she's not cheap. Folks, this all goes— it's always the Chinese. Folks, this all goes on every hour of every day in DC, or the capital of whatever state you live in. We are being robbed and raped. The politicians are for sale or blackmailed, and that's why they seem nice and honest and patriotic and interested in helping the American people when they're campaigning for office. But then as soon as they get elected, they are voting against our interests. Trust me, they're on the take, owned by our foreign enemies, or being blackmailed. My educated guess is Both. So the Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a US senator who is bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no, especially a Republican US senator. My solution is A, vote Republican for the midterms or we have no chance to survive as a country. And B, demand lie detector tests and forensic audits for both parties. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word. Trust me, the ones voting against us are all dirty. Certainly the Republicans voting against us are all dirty. Truly amazing. And then a couple articles that back me up: unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think Hunter Biden's the only horny politician in America, or son of a politician in America? Come on, man. Do you remember that guy Madison Crawford? I think that was his name. Republican from North Carolina in a wheelchair. Handsome kid in a chair from an automobile accident. He said the minute he got to Congress, everybody said, come on, there's an orgy tomorrow night, all the congressmen are at it, let's go. And the minute he said that, everyone in Congress hated him. They took away all his privileges. They cursed him out whenever he saw them, and they made sure he wasn't reelected. That was the end of his career when he reported the truth about congressional orgies. I know what's going on, and they're all set up by the Chinese, I'm telling you. New Jersey Democrats order United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate. Democrats can't get elected without cheating. It's all they know how to do. That's it. It's cheating and taking bribes and, uh, making illegal aliens vote. Democrat state assembly candidate in New York City may be kicked off the primary ballot. 90% of her 5,000 of 258 total signatures were invalidated by the City Board of Elections. Many of them were out of the district, many of them were not registered to vote, and many of them were dead. My mom and dad have been dead since 1992, and my understanding is they're Democrats now. They were Republicans when they were alive, but since 1992 they've probably voted Democrat. This woman is wearing a hijab, as I called it an hour. Number one, an ugly scarf around her head. And she's a Muslim Democrat and she's got dead people signing her ballots and she's got invalidated signatures, 90% of her signatures. It's in their blood. Democrats are criminals, thieves, frauds, scoundrels, evil. Be right back. Hi, I'm Wade Ellaroot, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery. It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks. Pentacle Energy grew about 100 to 1 for investors. Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lost Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesar's Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial Freedom Seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year ICE will be put on trial and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allyn Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest for my fan Friends only get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. Hi, I'm Wade Ellaroot for Vertical Research Advisory, VRA, Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment and economic newsletter. Listen up, Trump is in charge, the glory days are here, growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well as my personal financial advisor. During that time, he's beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses the market 90% of time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. I don't mean to be a homer, because I was born Jewish. You know, I am a Jew, took Jesus Christ as my Savior, so some would argue I'm both Jew and evangelical Christian. I describe it as a Messianic Jew. But I think you could say culture-wise and race-wise, I'm Jewish. You can never change that. My blood is Jewish. But you could say religion-wise, I guess I'm a Christian now. It's probably the easiest way to say it. I don't see any contradiction or problem with that because we live in a Judeo-Christian nation with Judeo-Christian values. Jews and Christians are kissing cousins or close twin brothers, and it's really one of one and two of the same. But I, I still love the Jewish people. I will always love the Jewish people. I'm not thrilled with the Jewish liberals, but I'm always fighting for the Jewish people. And it sure does seem I mean, like, when you find someone who hates Jews and loves Palestinians, um, they're just total scumbags. And the pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the Super Bowl halftime show, is found guilty in court. His name is Zul Qarnain Kwame Nantambu, faces 6 months in prison. He was the Super Bowl halftime performer who turned protester. And this is a while back, this was not in the last Super Bowl— I don't think it was a couple of Super Bowls ago— when he unfurled a pro-Palestinian flag on the field of the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. And he's been convicted in court and faces a fine, possible jail time. He's been found guilty of resisting police. Uh, he was originally enlisted to be part of Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance on February 9th, 2025. So in other words, two Super Bowls ago. Things went sideways when he pulled a flag of Sudan and Palestine sewn together out of his own wardrobe and ran across the field waving the flag. Security and law enforcement personnel chased him, but he refused to comply with their commands to stop. He eventually surrendered, and he was charged with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace. My point is, they're all lawbreakers. They're criminals. They're slimeballs. They're scumbags. Who's got it right? Who's got it perfectly right? Spencer Pratt, running for mayor of LA, uh, former reality TV star. You need that to get it right. He said in a leaked, um, a leaked email or text, I don't know which one it is, that he is going to crack down on the mind virus of anti-Semitism and end violence against Jewish people. In a scathing message to a journalist, he said in the leaked DM to journalist James Lee that he has been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified and it will end on his watch if elected. I will have zero tolerance for it. Anti-Semitism is a legitimate mind virus and a sign of decaying society. Scathed, let's be honest, is a culture problem. He is a vocal critic of LA Mayor Karen Bass, said he blames far-left leaders like her for fomenting hate against Jews, with pro-Hamas protests erupting numerous times on her watch. This bull, you know what, stops when I am mayor. His main course of action will be to step up policing against anti-Semitic targets, including directing the LAPD to ramp up patrols around synagogues and Chabad centers. Um, let's see, I'm trying to find what else he said because there were some other really good things he said. Said. Um, said an elite journalist, he's been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified. Um, he says Jews are my brothers and sisters. Um, he said such sentiments on college campuses of, of anti-Semitism and pro-Hamas, uh, among young voters is disgusting. He would not be deterred by social media trends and opposition to anti-Semitism. I will never abandon my Jewish brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, the mayor has no authority over the chancellors at universities, he wrote, so it comes down to using the bully pulpit to shame and pressure them to act in defense of Jewish students and faculty. The former reality star has won praise for his brash campaign, boasted that unlike Bass, nobody's better at that than me. I will be their worst nightmare if they don't get in gear. I will lean on the DOJ and the district attorney to aggressively pursue civil rights prosecutions. We've seen this movie before, and this crap ain't happening on my watch. Never again is right now, he said. In a follow-up message, Pratt lampooned Bass for failing to end the rise of antisemitism, accusing her of being unable to use the power of her office properly. And, uh, just to show you how good he did in the debate, Spencer Pratt wanted so big. I think it was like 90% said he was the winner. So now there was a new debate this week, or supposed to be, and the mayor dropped out, and then the socialist councilman running against her dropped out. The two people that he destroyed that have any chance of winning dropped out of the debate because they can't debate with the Wayne Roots and the Spencer Pratts and the Donald Trumps. They can't do it. They don't have any facts on their side. But again, it goes hand in hand. Hating Jews and being a communist goes hand in hand and destroying society. Lost Soldier Oil and Gas is the sponsor of this segment. Took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery in Wyoming. The first 4,000 feet drilled so far estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, one of the largest natural gas discoveries in decades. To learn more more about this Lost Soldier Oil and Gas opportunity, go to lostsoldier.com, fill out the form, they'll get right back to you. Lostsoldier.com. All right, Wayne Allyn Root, the Root, the Root, the Root's on fire. Welcome back to the show from Las Vegas, my adopted hometown for 24 years now, the crossroads of America and the world. About 40 million, 42, 43 million tourists every single year from all over over the United States, all 50 states and all over the world. So, so gives me a leg up on figuring out what people are thinking, right? I understand my pulses on what people are thinking in America, in the crossroads of this great country, Las Vegas, Nevada. And it must be working, right? Something must be working. I did a special the other night called America Speaks for Real America's Voice TV. I've already got my hit show on weekends, monster hit called America's Top 10 Countdown. And I did my special America Speaks. We asked you to call in and speak to Wayne Root and tell us what you're thinking, and 2,400 people called in on the first night of the special with almost no promotion. 2,400 and crashed the phone system. And I'll be announcing next week a brand new show every single night on the network called America Speaks. All right, Freedom Fest is coming up. This is my guest segment. They are the sponsor of this segment. Freedom Fest is the world's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year that it's in Vegas, and I can't wait to meet all of you here. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day. Hear and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders. You will see a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show a pitch tank for entrepreneurs and great debates, including the big annual mock trial, which I win almost every single year. I think I'm 5-0 in those trials now. I've never lost. Uh, it— this year's trial, they're putting ICE on trial, and the ICE defense attorney is yours truly, Wayne Allyn Root. That's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be televised nationally on C-SPAN, but you'll want to be live in the audience with me defending ICE. The MC is Kennedy From Fox News, the speakers include Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, United States Senator Rand Paul, celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, freedomfest.com, and use promo code WAR for $100 off. Promo code WAR gets you $100 off at freedomfest.com. All right, my guest is Casey Crosby. She's been on quite a few times now, uh, co-chair of the RNC, Republican National Committee. We always love to have her back. Casey, welcome to the show. How are you?

[65:14] **Speaker G:** I'm great, thanks for having me.

[65:16] **Speaker B:** A pleasure to have you on. A huge court victory for Republicans in Virginia, uh, blocking their redistricting, the Democrats redistricting. And then a huge victory at the United States Supreme Court blocking this crazy idea of creating districts districts in odd, strange, bizarre shapes just so they could be a minority district, which means automatically a Democrat district. And if you just did it the normal way and divided things normally, it looks like we'll probably gain back like 14, 15 House seats. So maybe, just maybe, that could be the answer to, you know, the solution for us finally having a shot here to win the midterms.

[65:54] **Speaker G:** So listen, last Friday was a great day for the Republican Party. It was a great day for Virginians and a great day for FairMap. You know, we've also been very happy with results of the U.S. Supreme Court and the efforts with the gerrymandering that's gone on with these racial districts. And the one thing with the Republican National Committee is we will follow the law, we will follow the Constitution, and we've just gotten on the offense with it where now we're fighting them in court because we feel like in some of these areas the law is very clear and is on our side. And so I'm so proud of Chairman Gruters and our leadership at the Republican National Committee with Virginia. The Democrats, they dumped almost $70 million in that vote for those unconstitutional, gerrymandered lobster tail maps that they created. And we knew that we felt like very strongly that we could litigate it. And so we did not spend near the money that they did. And we fought it through the courts because we felt like the law was very clearly on our side. We won. And so it was just a great day for Virginians, a great day for Republicans, and a great day again for fair maps last Friday.

[67:06] **Speaker B:** You know, the incredibly silly argument Democrats make the minute they heard this, they were like, oh my God, Republicans are racist. They're turning back to Jim Crow days. And how is it not racist? Not racist to design a district just for Black people? I mean, I happen to be Jewish. By birth, right? Should we design districts to have only Jewish people? Should we design districts to have only Muslims and districts to have only white people? Why is that not a non-racist thing that the Supreme Court just did? They undid years of racism. We should be colorblind the way that Martin Luther King said. You can't design a district to make it just for Black people. That's racist, right?

[67:51] **Speaker G:** Well, yeah, and the Supreme Court, they once again, they made a decision based on the law and the Constitution. And, you know, the Democrats, they're just in free fall right now. They have no message. And of course, they're going to throw everything that they can because that's all they know to do is to call people racist or to make things up or be on the wrong side of 80/20 issues. And so they are a party that is a toxic brand right now. And the Republican Party, we've just gotten a little better at figuring out how to be on the offense. You know, for so long, we've we were on the defense. We were always on our heels defending. And, you know, and sometimes it was a little maybe taboo where we were scared to address some of these things. But the law is very clear. The Supreme Court made the right decision. And we're seeing it also being upheld in these states where they have gone in already and have, you know, done some redistricting and they've been challenged and the Supreme Court has held it up. I mean, we see where the law is on our side. And so very clearly it was the right thing to do.

[68:49] **Speaker B:** Yes, it was. And, you know, look, no one is more pro-Republican, pro-Trump, pro-Trump and pro-MAGA than I've been my whole life. But I see a couple of things that worry me, obviously, for the midterms. I mean, inflation is really hurting middle-class and working-class Americans. And the biggest problem is gas prices. And the war in Iran has certainly not helped the gas prices. And even though I'm a supporter of Trump going into Iran, I think it was It was something we needed to do. Those are issues that could hurt us come October, November. And so my question is, what is the Republican path to victory? What should we be doing? What's the argument to win the midterms?

[69:27] **Speaker G:** So, listen, we feel very good going into the midterms. And you mentioned some issues. And right now, I mean, there are some things— I mean, President Trump had to go into Iran unequivocally. We could not let Iran have a nuclear weapon. And, you know, elections— November is a far, far time off. And it is a week in elections can make a big difference. And so, you know, I don't ever want to get ahead of the president on anything, but I feel certain that a lot of these issues are going to be worked out before the election. And if you just look at what he's done in his agenda in a short period of time, I mean, wages are up. You look at the job reports last week. I mean, positive stuff across the board. People are paying less for their rents. Inflation's down. And so, So we're hitting every single marker that you can possibly measure. And this other stuff, I have a feeling it's going to work itself out. I mean, nobody wants to be in Iran, I don't think, much longer. And again, you know, it doesn't behoove me to get ahead of our boss. But the bottom line is I think that the president had to go in. He had to do what was best and put America first. And hopefully this will be resolved in short order. It sounds like that we're all about over their games that they're playing in Iran. So the election's still far off. And we feel very confident going into these midterms.

[70:42] **Speaker B:** The biggest problem for us, I think, is just that we've got the media against us. I mean, 100% arrayed against us other than, you know, conservative talk radio, Fox News, Newsmax, my network, Real America's Voice TV, OAN. Almost everything that people watch— ABC, NBC, CBS, PBS, MSNBC, CNN— are arrayed against us. All the newspapers are arrayed against us.

[71:05] **Speaker G:** Us.

[71:06] **Speaker B:** And everywhere you go to look at news, you know, on your phone, on my iPhone, my kids on the iPhone, everything they see is tilted and slanted against us. So I agree with you that Trump's made some major strides in the economy. He's doing some great things. I think there's lots of shoots, you know, what they call green shoots. The economy looks like it's gonna explode positively, uh, right before the election, which would be great, but most people don't know it. Because they don't see it in the news. The good news is never reported and the bad news is accentuated. So, I mean, that's the battle we always have is getting the message out.

[71:44] **Speaker G:** Yeah, you know, and I think President Trump has shown us, uh, during his campaign how effective he can be as a messenger and working around mainstream media. They're never going to be for us, but we have the most effective messenger in President Trump. And what we have seen already is that he is committed to being in these target states. You know, we're just talking about a few races across the country that we have.

[72:06] **Speaker B:** Nevada, where I live.

[72:07] **Speaker G:** Yeah, exactly. Nevada is going to be one of the states we're going to be very active in. But you see, President Trump is out in those states. He's talking about, you know, his accomplishments and his administration's accomplishments. And there's no better messenger than him at the top. And, you know, again, the Republican Party is just figuring out ways that we have to get around it. We know that the mainstream media is never going to tell the truth about us. They're never going to report in a positive light. They all have TDS so badly that they can't even highlight any of our great accomplishments. It's always negative. It's always bad. But one thing we have learned from President Trump is there are certainly ways outside of the mainstream media to communicate, and we will be doing that. And so again, we'll be— Chairman Grueters and myself, we do TV and radio all across the country. A lot of issues are localized. And, you know, for example, coming on like your show that's based in Nevada that has a national reach. I mean, we will all be out getting the message out because President Trump's policies work. And we need to make sure that we have a full 4 years of his administration.

[73:11] **Speaker B:** And of course, what's the alternative, Casey? Even if you don't love everything Trump does or even you don't love everything going on, Democrats are stark raving insane. I've never seen people so crazy. Radical communist, hate America, un-American, vowing that if they win, they're going to put us all in prison. They're crazy on the other side. You'd have to be nuts to vote for Democrats in the midterm and let them take power because they're going to just, just paralyze our country with, with warfare and lawfare. It's, it's really crazy. So, I mean, I think we'll probably be okay and I think we'll win. But boy, we better act like we're losing and fight like cornered animals 24 hours a day. Gotta act like we're losing and just come from behind and win it all. Casey, we gotta run. The music's in my ear. Casey Crosby, co-chair of the RNC.

[73:58] **Speaker G:** Thank you for having me. Thank you.

[74:00] **Speaker B:** Appreciate you.

[74:01] **Speaker G:** See you.

[74:01] **Speaker B:** Thank you for having me.

[74:02] **Speaker G:** Bye-bye.

[74:02] **Speaker B:** Okay, bye-bye. We'll be right back. Wait out the roof. What would you say if we told you you could reverse most any ailment or symptom without painful exercises and just In the past 88 days, we have created the only patent-pending intercellular hydration protocol.

[74:23] **Speaker D:** Don't miss your opportunity to feel better. We know there's a lot of false hope out there, and many people have bought programs that work for a moment, but life's a lot longer than a moment.

[74:33] **Speaker B:** We have been helping people gain intercellular hydration for nearly 3 decades.

[74:38] **Speaker D:** You will lose fat, not weight, fat fast, including that killer visceral fat. Chronic dehydration is one of the root causes of many ailments and symptoms. Ask your doctor about Energized Health. Don't miss your opportunity to transform your health now.

[74:53] **Speaker B:** So log on to energizedhealth.com. That's energizedhealth.com.

[74:58] **Speaker E:** Possible side effects may include increased joy, energy, potential reduction in prescriptions, more fulfilling relationships, fewer doctor visits, and overall improved quality of health and life.

[75:11] **Speaker C:** For 250 years, America has stood on independence, forged by determination, built by those who believed freedom was worth defending. Now that same spirit lives on in stainless steel. The Bond Arms America 250th Edition handgun. American-made, precision-crafted, and built Built like a tank. The smallest, most powerful personal protection you can carry. Built to honor our past. Designed to enjoy for generations. This is the finest in double barrel protection. The Bond Arms America 250th Edition handgun. Precision crafted from stainless steel. Visit getbondarms.com to secure your America 250th Edition handgun. 150th edition hand cannon. Go to getbondarms.com or call 817-573-4445.

[76:11] **Speaker B:** Hi, Wayne Alaroot for Z-CHA Genesis Medicine. Their CEO Dan Montano has been a guest on my show many times to discuss his company's medicines to reverse type 2 diabetes, reverse Parkinson's, and reverse heart disease. Over 300 patients have been dosed with their medicines during research studies, and all patients have shown great improvement with no adverse events reported. I know many of you have type 2 diabetes or Parkinson's or heart disease, or you know someone who does. So listen up, you could participate in one of their upcoming free medical research studies using their breakthrough medicines. They created a website just for my fans. Register now at cure-war.com. That's cure, C-U-R-E, dash war, dot com. Also, if you're interested in learning about their investment opportunities, go to cure-war.com. Wouldn't it be great to make money and help cure diseases? Go to cure-war.com. All right, Wayne Allyn Root, the root, the root, the root's on fire. I'm looking at the Daily Mail and this story is not about a Chinese national, but it is about— the lead story is about a Chinese girl who was having an affair with a doctor in New Jersey, and the doctor is married and she's having an affair with him, and she winds up being like Glenn Close. She sends photos of his penis to his wife and his two sons at college and hands out flyers in front of his medical clinic to all of his customers to destroy his life because he decided to break it off with her. You know, we're talking about blackmail here. We're talking about extortion today because I wrote a commentary about all the politicians are being extorted and blackmailed, and I think a lot of it is happening with, uh, with Chinese spies and Chinese nationals. But this girl is American Chinese girl, and she did it to this doctor. We got a lot of problems in this country. And men, you know, you're gonna have to learn to keep it in your pants, because, man, if you're a major politician, you're doing this pretty stupid. Pretty stupid. Uh, next, LA Mayor— you know what politicians don't realize? Back like 100 years ago and 50 years ago and 70 years ago, like John F. Kennedy days in the 1950s and 1960s, you could do whatever you wanted. John F. Kennedy had like 5,000 women in the White House, and Jackie didn't even know about it. Secret Service made sure she was out. Never— you could do whatever you wanted. Today, everyone's got a major camera in their hand, and they could destroy your life in one second. You cannot do what you used to do as a politician or as a movie star or as a businessman. Nobody can They couldn't do what they used to do and keep it secret anymore. I'm sure Errol Flynn could be with 1,000 women in 1,000 days and nobody would ever know in 1926. But in, in 2026, everybody knows about every single one of them. So if you're looking to keep things secret, it ain't gonna happen. So you better wake up to the realities of what the world is like today, because we've seen the internet and texts and social media and Telegraph, um, you know, and, and Zoom and Skype, uh, and, and don't forget TMZ. Everything is out there, everything. So anything you do can get out there. This is the good news: a poll shows support for Democrats slides as the critical midterms approach. American voters seem to be not so keen on Democrats as the crucial midterms loom, according to a recent CNN poll. Let's see the poll. I did look at this for the first time. I just downloaded. The poll finds registered voters closely split in their partisan preference ahead of the midterms, 45% saying they'd support a Democrat candidate for Congress, 42% Republican, 14% neither. Uh, a Harvard Harris poll found Republicans had shifted into a better position as they prepare for the midterms. Jim Jordan in April simplified the battle for the midterms, saying the argument in favor of Republicans essentially comes down to one thing. As Breitbart News reported, Breitbart asked Jordan how Republicans can win the midterms. I think this election comes down to two sentences, Jordan said, and those sentences are: they're crazy and we're not. I agree. I agree with that, although I think Republicans are getting very little well done. If you want to win, shouldn't you do something? It's a do-nothing Republican Senate, but at least we're not crazy, we're not insane. But can you imagine they can't pass the Save America Act? And I want to point out, right, I have a text waiting from my good friend John Goodman, who is the one who feeds me a lot of ideas about election integrity. And John says, Wayne, you keep harping on Save America Act, Save America, as if, if they suddenly were shamed into doing it 2 months from now, it would still be July, right? Or it might be late June. And it isn't like that would affect the election because Democrats will immediately sue and the lawsuit will get tied up in court and it will never get settled before the election. So they've effectively stalled long enough that it doesn't even matter now. He says you're arguing for something that wouldn't save us for the midterms. But I will argue, uh, I will argue one thing, John. It may not save us for the midterms, and it might save you for 2028. And 2028 is the year that really matters because that's the year before the 2030 census. And whoever is in control will determine whether illegals are counted in the 2030 census, and it also will determine who wins the 2028 presidential election. So the Save America Act could still be very valuable and important to us, priceless to us, but probably realistically not for this 2026 midterm. What could work now is what I recommended at the urging of John Goodman, right, my election integrity expert, which is a national security emergency declaration by President Donald J. Trump. That's what I recommended. That's what John Goodman swears will work. They can't oppose it. They can't stop They can oppose it. They can't stop it because Supreme Court already ruled back under Ronald Reagan that you can't undo a national security emergency declaration by a president without a two-thirds vote of both houses of the United States Congress. So both the House and the Senate, two-thirds vote to override it cannot happen. No way in a million years will it happen. So Trump declares that national security emergency and everything's okay before the election. Works before October. The SAVE Act will not work before October because Democrats will tie it up in court. Simple as that. All right, uh, we're working on getting Spencer Pratt as a guest on here. I hope we'll have him in the next week or two. Uh, just turns out one of my friends just texted me and his wife's best friends with Spencer Pratt's wife. So I'm hoping to get Spencer on this show because I think, uh, he'd be great as the next mayor of Los Angeles. Uh, Bond Arms, this sponsor of this show. We have a gun worthy of President Trump's 250th anniversary. Finally, the Bond Arms America 250 Edition handgun. American-made, precision-crafted, built like a tank, performs like a hand cannon, takes shotgun shells. The smallest, most powerful personal protection handgun you could possibly carry. Go to getbondarms.com. It's only $499. For fans of Wayne Root, $499. $99 at getbondarms.com. You save $100. getbondarms.com. Have a great night. See you tomorrow. God bless. Bye-bye.

[83:52] **Speaker H:** I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play and win from the comfort of your own home with hundreds of slot games and all of the table games you love with real cash prizes. Right now, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10. Bonus for new users. It's all at spinquest.com. That's S-P-I-N-Q-U-E-S-T dot com.

[84:14] **Speaker B:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[84:22] **Speaker E:** When you manage procurement for multiple facilities, every order matters. But when it's for a hospital system, they matter even more. Grainger gets it and knows there's no time for managing multiple suppliers and no room for shipping delays. That's why Grainger offers millions of products and fast, dependable delivery so you can keep your facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done. When you manage procurement for multiple facilities, every order matters. But when it's for a hospital system, they matter even more. Granger gets it and knows there's no time for managing multiple suppliers and no room for shipping delays. That's why Granger offers millions of products and fast, dependable delivery so you can keep your facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click granger.com, or just stop by. Granger. For the ones who get it done.

[85:28] **Speaker H:** You know what? It sucks to be bored, but when I get on my phone and play real casino games on SpinQuest.com, the time flies by. That 2-hour wait at the DMV seems like 10 minutes. Play your favorite slots, live blackjack, live craps with a live dealer. New players, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10. Play SpinQuest.com and you'll never be board again.

[85:51] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[85:58] **Speaker I:** If you work in university maintenance, Grainger considers you an MVP because your playbook ensures your arena is always ready for tip-off. And Grainger is your trusted partner, offering the products you need all in one place, from HVAC and plumbing supplies to lighting and more, and all delivered with plenty of time left on the clock so your team always gets the win. Call 1-800-Granger, visit granger.com, or just stop by. Granger, for the ones who get it done.

[86:31] **Speaker H:** I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play and win from the comfort of your own home with hundreds of slot games and all of the table games you love with real cash prizes. Right now, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 for new users. It's all at spinquest.com. That's S-P-I-N-Q-U-E-S-T dot com.

[86:53] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[87:01] **Speaker I:** If you work in university maintenance, Grainger considers you an MVP because your playbook ensures your arena is always ready for tip-off. And Grainger is your trusted partner, offering the products you need all in one place. From HVAC and plumbing supplies to lighting and more. And all delivered with plenty of time left on the clock so your team always gets the win. Call 1-800-GRANGER, visit grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger. For the ones who get it done.
