# Starmer Out, Farage In? Iran Peace Deal Hope; Kamala Word Salad Returns

**Show:** The Alex Marlow Show
**Date Published:** 2026-06-22
**Date Found:** 2026-06-22
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-alex-marlow-show/starmer-out-farage-in-iran-peace-deal-hope-kamala-word-salad-returns?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 36 minutes

## Summary

This 36-minute episode of The Alex Marlow Show mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The Alex Marlow Show

## Key Moment

> "It's the Alex Marlowe Show. I'm glad you're here. I hope all of you had a great Father's Day. I did. I actually got the one gift I I asked for one thing, and I actually got it. I wanted everyone, all of my numerous children, the countless children that I have, and my wife, just everyone to be nice to me the whole day and allow us to enjoy all of our blessings. And believe it or not, it happened with merely one or two interruptions. That's all I really wanted. It's funny, I'm not in a materialistic phase. I'm in a, it's time for everyone to be able to be present and to be able to enjoy each other's company. I live in a beautiful part of the world. And everyone did that. It was really great. So I hope all of you had the same experience. I will say one thing that we did do over the weekend is we went to Toy Story 5 and it lived up to my very high expectations for it. So the plot, and the reason why I'm highlighting this on the show, I do think it's relevant to this audience. I think it's sort of right-coded in the, the sense that the plot is that the analog toys are at war with the digital toys. The kids get the iPads and then they get zombified. So the kids all turn into iPad zombies, they get really mean, they start cyberbullying, and then the analog toys have to wrestle away the kids' attention from the iPad. And then because it's realistic and doesn't wanna be a total bummer, it, it kind of nets out at a spot where the digital and the analog toys need to coexist in this new world we're in. But I thought it was really interesting. It's a really incredible meditation on what's going on in our current society. So hopefully all of you get out this summer, try to touch as much grass as possible, and get as much sunlight as possible. Refer back to my podcast interview I did with Robert Kennedy just about a month ago where he said pretty much the most important thing you can do is get some sunshine. So go do that, make sure you're doing all that, and encourage your kids to play with the analog toys, not get glued to the screens. All right, so we'll get into the news. A lot of big stuff today. Keir Starmer's gonna step down as Prime Minister. There's a long story to this in the UK. I'll touch on that momentarily. I got some great Kamala Harris clips. Oh man, I got my Father's Day. I almost forgot to mention this to you. This is the another way I celebrate it. I read an essay in the New York Times, To My Daughter, My Gender Was Never Complicated. This is a story by someone named Zach Ellams with illustrations by someone named Hannah Jacobs, which goes through a trans dad's journey as Father's Day and a woman who turned into a man Who has a beard. It's— this is a real thing, uh, and it is illustrated with cartoons where it's showing this woman who had all the gender replacement, so now has a beard and is not a man at all, but is someone who is really not in tune with their, their God-given body, um, trying to raise someone and how great it is being a father who is actually a mother. So that really took place in the New York Times over the weekend. That's how they celebrated it. Alex Berenson, who's a popular writer online, He did some research and he found, uh, there have been 4 recent pieces about fatherhood and masculinity written by a combined 6 authors for the 4 pieces. 3 are women, there's a trans man, and 2 childless men. So that's, that's who's writing about fatherhood for the New York Times. Guys, one of the top messages on the show of late— this is real— is that woke is not dead. It is at best dormant, and it's actually incubating, I think, in left-wing parts of the country. Just take a look at what went on in LA, where despite all the viral campaign from Spencer Pratt, he's going to finish third with under 30% of the vote. Woke is very much alive. In Toronto, Toronto Star, a piece over the weekend, a modest proposal: why it's time to abolish Father's Day. One of the biggest problems in society is when fathers are absent. I'm staring right now at Larry Elder's desk across the room from me. He's been talking about this for as long as he's had a microphone. Is it absentee fatherhood is one of the biggest threats to society? And then the New York Times wants to be able to replace fathers with mothers. Toronto Star thinks we shouldn't celebrate fatherhood. This has all been the slippery slope from the idea that men and women are equal and distinct and, and not distinct. Equals fine, but men offer things, women offer things. And this experiment we've been going through for the last 20 years where we blur it or act like it doesn't count, uh, have we gotten happier? Have we gotten healthier? Have we gotten more peaceful? Do we get along better? Are we safer from wars? Uh, you know, masculine men have a very important place in our society. They tend to build the bridges and work in the oil derricks and fight the battles. So we need them. So let's stop marginalizing them, but it's really great in terms of content because we can keep dunking on them and we will. All right, let's get into the Iran war stuff. Um, the developments over the weekend, it's sometimes nice to not have The Daily Show. I love checking in every day. The news, I would do it. I'd probably talk to myself. In an empty room if I did not have a talk show. That's just how my brain works, how I'm wired, and what motivates me. And maybe I'll call Sean, I'll say, "Sean," I'll put this on speakerphone, "I got a rant here, I gotta roll, check this out. Tell me what you like in this." But overall, sometimes it's nice to take a couple days off because heading into the weekend, all of the headlines about the Iran ceasefire were, "Oh, this is not gonna work, Strait of Hormuz is shutting down, Iran's making all these threats, they're dunking on us in their state media." Maybe their state media is more accurate than our media at this point. Lebanon, there's fighting breaking out between Israel and Hezbollah, it's still going on. And it just seems like it's really calmed down since then. And there's this huge temptation in our 24/7 news age to continue to try to weigh in immediately, to not let things have even a moment to breathe before you comment on it. And it just amplifies our anxiety in a huge way because progress is being made at a pretty brisk pace. I've got a lot of cuts of the Vice President laying it all out. He's been the person who's been the primary negotiator for the peace. With Iran. But here are some quick overview updates. So the main tensions over the weekend were in Strait of Hormuz. Iran announced it was closing the strait again on Saturday, citing Israel violating the ceasefire in Lebanon. None of this is to be— none of this should come as a huge surprise. And yet Israel and Lebanon have kind of knocked it off for the time being. We'll see how that goes. Vice President Pence went to Switzerland. Very dramatic stuff. Iran doing all sorts of theatrics. They talked face to face, but then there was Iran walking out, but mediators from Pakistan and Qatar helped build a roadmap to a final peace with some big progress being announced that now Iran is going to be allowing IAEA, that's the International Atomic Energy Administration or Association, one or the other, is going to be in to check out the nuclear facilities, make sure the nuclear dust is being disposed of, making sure that those nuclear capabilities are truly knocked out. And so this means that the deal is probably on if Iran is making these sort of concessions already. And Trump has issued a lot of public threats on Truth Social, takes a Truth Social, says he's going to hit Iran very hard if, uh, Hezbollah causes any trouble. And this complicates things to a degree, but overall it feels like despite any flare-ups, despite any tough talk in respective media, be it American Americans doing tough talk on social media, Iranians doing tough talk through their state media. It does feel like we're moving a little bit closer towards peace. Israel striking, as I noted on Friday's show, 80 targets, uh, on going into Friday morning in Lebanon, not helpful, but seems like overall the mediation between the US, Qatari, and the Iranian involvement, all this seems to be moving on a decent path as of now. So diplomatic momentum is definitely underway. Oil is— there's brinksmanship going on, but it's flowing freely. The strait is a complicated situation, but it seems like overall we're making progress towards normalization where we're monitoring things very, very closely. Throughout the show, I want to bring up some of the groundwork that's been laid by the vice president. And why don't we start right now? Let's play cut 4, please."
> — Speaker A at 00:25
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:25] Speaker A: "It's the Alex Marlowe Show. I'm glad you're here. I hope all of you had a great Father's Day. I did. I actually got the one gift I I asked for one thing, and I actually got it. I wanted everyone, all of my numerous children, the countless children that I have, and my wife, just everyone to be nice to me the whole day and allow us to enjoy all of our blessings. And believe it or not, it happened with merely one or two interruptions. That's all I really wanted. It's funny, I'm not in a materialistic phase. I'm in a, it's time for everyone to be able to be present and to be able to enjoy each other's company. I live in a beautiful part of the world. And everyone did that. It was really great. So I hope all of you had the same experience. I will say one thing that we did do over the weekend is we went to Toy Story 5 and it lived up to my very high expectations for it. So the plot, and the reason why I'm highlighting this on the show, I do think it's relevant to this audience. I think it's sort of right-coded in the, the sense that the plot is that the analog toys are at war with the digital toys. The kids get the iPads and then they get zombified. So the kids all turn into iPad zombies, they get really mean, they start cyberbullying, and then the analog toys have to wrestle away the kids' attention from the iPad. And then because it's realistic and doesn't wanna be a total bummer, it, it kind of nets out at a spot where the digital and the analog toys need to coexist in this new world we're in. But I thought it was really interesting. It's a really incredible meditation on what's going on in our current society. So hopefully all of you get out this summer, try to touch as much grass as possible, and get as much sunlight as possible. Refer back to my podcast interview I did with Robert Kennedy just about a month ago where he said pretty much the most important thing you can do is get some sunshine. So go do that, make sure you're doing all that, and encourage your kids to play with the analog toys, not get glued to the screens. All right, so we'll get into the news. A lot of big stuff today. Keir Starmer's gonna step down as Prime Minister. There's a long story to this in the UK. I'll touch on that momentarily. I got some great Kamala Harris clips. Oh man, I got my Father's Day. I almost forgot to mention this to you. This is the another way I celebrate it. I read an essay in the New York Times, To My Daughter, My Gender Was Never Complicated. This is a story by someone named Zach Ellams with illustrations by someone named Hannah Jacobs, which goes through a trans dad's journey as Father's Day and a woman who turned into a man Who has a beard. It's— this is a real thing, uh, and it is illustrated with cartoons where it's showing this woman who had all the gender replacement, so now has a beard and is not a man at all, but is someone who is really not in tune with their, their God-given body, um, trying to raise someone and how great it is being a father who is actually a mother. So that really took place in the New York Times over the weekend. That's how they celebrated it. Alex Berenson, who's a popular writer online, He did some research and he found, uh, there have been 4 recent pieces about fatherhood and masculinity written by a combined 6 authors for the 4 pieces. 3 are women, there's a trans man, and 2 childless men. So that's, that's who's writing about fatherhood for the New York Times. Guys, one of the top messages on the show of late— this is real— is that woke is not dead. It is at best dormant, and it's actually incubating, I think, in left-wing parts of the country. Just take a look at what went on in LA, where despite all the viral campaign from Spencer Pratt, he's going to finish third with under 30% of the vote. Woke is very much alive. In Toronto, Toronto Star, a piece over the weekend, a modest proposal: why it's time to abolish Father's Day. One of the biggest problems in society is when fathers are absent. I'm staring right now at Larry Elder's desk across the room from me. He's been talking about this for as long as he's had a microphone. Is it absentee fatherhood is one of the biggest threats to society? And then the New York Times wants to be able to replace fathers with mothers. Toronto Star thinks we shouldn't celebrate fatherhood. This has all been the slippery slope from the idea that men and women are equal and distinct and, and not distinct. Equals fine, but men offer things, women offer things. And this experiment we've been going through for the last 20 years where we blur it or act like it doesn't count, uh, have we gotten happier? Have we gotten healthier? Have we gotten more peaceful? Do we get along better? Are we safer from wars? Uh, you know, masculine men have a very important place in our society. They tend to build the bridges and work in the oil derricks and fight the battles. So we need them. So let's stop marginalizing them, but it's really great in terms of content because we can keep dunking on them and we will. All right, let's get into the Iran war stuff. Um, the developments over the weekend, it's sometimes nice to not have The Daily Show. I love checking in every day. The news, I would do it. I'd probably talk to myself. In an empty room if I did not have a talk show. That's just how my brain works, how I'm wired, and what motivates me. And maybe I'll call Sean, I'll say, "Sean," I'll put this on speakerphone, "I got a rant here, I gotta roll, check this out. Tell me what you like in this." But overall, sometimes it's nice to take a couple days off because heading into the weekend, all of the headlines about the Iran ceasefire were, "Oh, this is not gonna work, Strait of Hormuz is shutting down, Iran's making all these threats, they're dunking on us in their state media." Maybe their state media is more accurate than our media at this point. Lebanon, there's fighting breaking out between Israel and Hezbollah, it's still going on. And it just seems like it's really calmed down since then. And there's this huge temptation in our 24/7 news age to continue to try to weigh in immediately, to not let things have even a moment to breathe before you comment on it. And it just amplifies our anxiety in a huge way because progress is being made at a pretty brisk pace. I've got a lot of cuts of the Vice President laying it all out. He's been the person who's been the primary negotiator for the peace. With Iran. But here are some quick overview updates. So the main tensions over the weekend were in Strait of Hormuz. Iran announced it was closing the strait again on Saturday, citing Israel violating the ceasefire in Lebanon. None of this is to be— none of this should come as a huge surprise. And yet Israel and Lebanon have kind of knocked it off for the time being. We'll see how that goes. Vice President Pence went to Switzerland. Very dramatic stuff. Iran doing all sorts of theatrics. They talked face to face, but then there was Iran walking out, but mediators from Pakistan and Qatar helped build a roadmap to a final peace with some big progress being announced that now Iran is going to be allowing IAEA, that's the International Atomic Energy Administration or Association, one or the other, is going to be in to check out the nuclear facilities, make sure the nuclear dust is being disposed of, making sure that those nuclear capabilities are truly knocked out. And so this means that the deal is probably on if Iran is making these sort of concessions already. And Trump has issued a lot of public threats on Truth Social, takes a Truth Social, says he's going to hit Iran very hard if, uh, Hezbollah causes any trouble. And this complicates things to a degree, but overall it feels like despite any flare-ups, despite any tough talk in respective media, be it American Americans doing tough talk on social media, Iranians doing tough talk through their state media. It does feel like we're moving a little bit closer towards peace. Israel striking, as I noted on Friday's show, 80 targets, uh, on going into Friday morning in Lebanon, not helpful, but seems like overall the mediation between the US, Qatari, and the Iranian involvement, all this seems to be moving on a decent path as of now. So diplomatic momentum is definitely underway. Oil is— there's brinksmanship going on, but it's flowing freely. The strait is a complicated situation, but it seems like overall we're making progress towards normalization where we're monitoring things very, very closely. Throughout the show, I want to bring up some of the groundwork that's been laid by the vice president. And why don't we start right now? Let's play cut 4, please."

## Full Transcript

[00:06] **Speaker A:** Ready to break the narrative?

[00:12] **Speaker B:** Get the real story with no filters and no apologies. Cut through the noise with real conversation, real conviction, and real news.

[00:20] **Speaker A:** It's time for truth without spin.

[00:23] **Speaker B:** It's the Alex Marlowe Show.

[00:25] **Speaker A:** It's the Alex Marlowe Show. I'm glad you're here. I hope all of you had a great Father's Day. I did. I actually got the one gift I I asked for one thing, and I actually got it. I wanted everyone, all of my numerous children, the countless children that I have, and my wife, just everyone to be nice to me the whole day and allow us to enjoy all of our blessings. And believe it or not, it happened with merely one or two interruptions. That's all I really wanted. It's funny, I'm not in a materialistic phase. I'm in a, it's time for everyone to be able to be present and to be able to enjoy each other's company. I live in a beautiful part of the world. And everyone did that. It was really great. So I hope all of you had the same experience. I will say one thing that we did do over the weekend is we went to Toy Story 5 and it lived up to my very high expectations for it. So the plot, and the reason why I'm highlighting this on the show, I do think it's relevant to this audience. I think it's sort of right-coded in the, the sense that the plot is that the analog toys are at war with the digital toys. The kids get the iPads and then they get zombified. So the kids all turn into iPad zombies, they get really mean, they start cyberbullying, and then the analog toys have to wrestle away the kids' attention from the iPad. And then because it's realistic and doesn't wanna be a total bummer, it, it kind of nets out at a spot where the digital and the analog toys need to coexist in this new world we're in. But I thought it was really interesting. It's a really incredible meditation on what's going on in our current society. So hopefully all of you get out this summer, try to touch as much grass as possible, and get as much sunlight as possible. Refer back to my podcast interview I did with Robert Kennedy just about a month ago where he said pretty much the most important thing you can do is get some sunshine. So go do that, make sure you're doing all that, and encourage your kids to play with the analog toys, not get glued to the screens. All right, so we'll get into the news. A lot of big stuff today. Keir Starmer's gonna step down as Prime Minister. There's a long story to this in the UK. I'll touch on that momentarily. I got some great Kamala Harris clips. Oh man, I got my Father's Day. I almost forgot to mention this to you. This is the another way I celebrate it. I read an essay in the New York Times, To My Daughter, My Gender Was Never Complicated. This is a story by someone named Zach Ellams with illustrations by someone named Hannah Jacobs, which goes through a trans dad's journey as Father's Day and a woman who turned into a man Who has a beard. It's— this is a real thing, uh, and it is illustrated with cartoons where it's showing this woman who had all the gender replacement, so now has a beard and is not a man at all, but is someone who is really not in tune with their, their God-given body, um, trying to raise someone and how great it is being a father who is actually a mother. So that really took place in the New York Times over the weekend. That's how they celebrated it. Alex Berenson, who's a popular writer online, He did some research and he found, uh, there have been 4 recent pieces about fatherhood and masculinity written by a combined 6 authors for the 4 pieces. 3 are women, there's a trans man, and 2 childless men. So that's, that's who's writing about fatherhood for the New York Times. Guys, one of the top messages on the show of late— this is real— is that woke is not dead. It is at best dormant, and it's actually incubating, I think, in left-wing parts of the country. Just take a look at what went on in LA, where despite all the viral campaign from Spencer Pratt, he's going to finish third with under 30% of the vote. Woke is very much alive. In Toronto, Toronto Star, a piece over the weekend, a modest proposal: why it's time to abolish Father's Day. One of the biggest problems in society is when fathers are absent. I'm staring right now at Larry Elder's desk across the room from me. He's been talking about this for as long as he's had a microphone. Is it absentee fatherhood is one of the biggest threats to society? And then the New York Times wants to be able to replace fathers with mothers. Toronto Star thinks we shouldn't celebrate fatherhood. This has all been the slippery slope from the idea that men and women are equal and distinct and, and not distinct. Equals fine, but men offer things, women offer things. And this experiment we've been going through for the last 20 years where we blur it or act like it doesn't count, uh, have we gotten happier? Have we gotten healthier? Have we gotten more peaceful? Do we get along better? Are we safer from wars? Uh, you know, masculine men have a very important place in our society. They tend to build the bridges and work in the oil derricks and fight the battles. So we need them. So let's stop marginalizing them, but it's really great in terms of content because we can keep dunking on them and we will. All right, let's get into the Iran war stuff. Um, the developments over the weekend, it's sometimes nice to not have The Daily Show. I love checking in every day. The news, I would do it. I'd probably talk to myself. In an empty room if I did not have a talk show. That's just how my brain works, how I'm wired, and what motivates me. And maybe I'll call Sean, I'll say, "Sean," I'll put this on speakerphone, "I got a rant here, I gotta roll, check this out. Tell me what you like in this." But overall, sometimes it's nice to take a couple days off because heading into the weekend, all of the headlines about the Iran ceasefire were, "Oh, this is not gonna work, Strait of Hormuz is shutting down, Iran's making all these threats, they're dunking on us in their state media." Maybe their state media is more accurate than our media at this point. Lebanon, there's fighting breaking out between Israel and Hezbollah, it's still going on. And it just seems like it's really calmed down since then. And there's this huge temptation in our 24/7 news age to continue to try to weigh in immediately, to not let things have even a moment to breathe before you comment on it. And it just amplifies our anxiety in a huge way because progress is being made at a pretty brisk pace. I've got a lot of cuts of the Vice President laying it all out. He's been the person who's been the primary negotiator for the peace. With Iran. But here are some quick overview updates. So the main tensions over the weekend were in Strait of Hormuz. Iran announced it was closing the strait again on Saturday, citing Israel violating the ceasefire in Lebanon. None of this is to be— none of this should come as a huge surprise. And yet Israel and Lebanon have kind of knocked it off for the time being. We'll see how that goes. Vice President Pence went to Switzerland. Very dramatic stuff. Iran doing all sorts of theatrics. They talked face to face, but then there was Iran walking out, but mediators from Pakistan and Qatar helped build a roadmap to a final peace with some big progress being announced that now Iran is going to be allowing IAEA, that's the International Atomic Energy Administration or Association, one or the other, is going to be in to check out the nuclear facilities, make sure the nuclear dust is being disposed of, making sure that those nuclear capabilities are truly knocked out. And so this means that the deal is probably on if Iran is making these sort of concessions already. And Trump has issued a lot of public threats on Truth Social, takes a Truth Social, says he's going to hit Iran very hard if, uh, Hezbollah causes any trouble. And this complicates things to a degree, but overall it feels like despite any flare-ups, despite any tough talk in respective media, be it American Americans doing tough talk on social media, Iranians doing tough talk through their state media. It does feel like we're moving a little bit closer towards peace. Israel striking, as I noted on Friday's show, 80 targets, uh, on going into Friday morning in Lebanon, not helpful, but seems like overall the mediation between the US, Qatari, and the Iranian involvement, all this seems to be moving on a decent path as of now. So diplomatic momentum is definitely underway. Oil is— there's brinksmanship going on, but it's flowing freely. The strait is a complicated situation, but it seems like overall we're making progress towards normalization where we're monitoring things very, very closely. Throughout the show, I want to bring up some of the groundwork that's been laid by the vice president. And why don't we start right now? Let's play cut 4, please.

[08:37] **Speaker B:** We laid a very good foundation for a successful final deal. The final deal is the House. We set the foundation. We haven't built the house, but we've laid a successful foundation to get to a good place for the American people. I think it's important for all of us to appreciate how much was done, but honestly, there is still a lot to do as we continue to make progress on the nuclear talks, on the economic talks, as we continue to demine the straits and ensure that that flow of traffic continues to pick back up. A lot of progress, but still some work to do, and we're very committed to doing exactly that., why not have some work to do?

[09:13] **Speaker A:** Why does everything have to happen immediately? I, I don't, I don't know why that's the demand or why that's the expectation. And this is the thing that I feel like in the hot take culture, when it is so much of our national conversation is framed by opinion makers, and I'm a person who does opinion for a living now. I did only news for well north of a decade. Now I do both. Uh, I understand it, that it's a big part of our, it's big, it's a big part of our media landscape. But we've had just massive war and nuclear development by an evil regime for so long, and it seems like we're making pretty rapid progress towards peace. And yet I keep seeing everyone just in this rush to announce this deal's a total disaster. The evidence is just not there, and I'll break some more of it down when we come back on The Alex Marlowe Show. You guys have heard me talk about red light therapy. My good friend Tom Kerber at SunPower LED sent me this handheld SuperPOM 1050 for the pain in my knee and back, and it's made me feel better. And what I really like is I use it at home. Even their cutting-edge technology like the Transcranial PBM Helmet for brain issues. And the great news for cognitive issues is there's no drugs involved with this treatment. The science is called photobiomodulation, or red light therapy. The device has deeper light penetration to stimulate cellular energy, treat pain like arthritis, back pain, joints, gout, muscle recovery. The handheld SuperPOM 1050 eliminates hot spots and spreads light evenly over a wider area, makes it 5 to 10 times more effective. SunPower LED makes medical-grade PBM devices you can use at home. It's used by dentists, chiropractors, physiotherapists, and wellness centers. Check them out at sunpowerled.com. Use code MARLOWE for 10% off. Treat pain and inflammation at home. Sunpowerled.com, code Marlowe for 10% off. A lot to get to today, but I do want to finish covering the waterfront here on the Iran war. I want to hear more from the vice president here. Let's play cut 5, please, gentlemen.

[11:20] **Speaker B:** Iranians have agreed to invite IAEA inspectors back into their country. That is a major milestone for the American people and the first step in permanently denuclearizing or permanently ending a nuclear weapons program in Iran. And that's exactly what we wanted to do. That's exactly what we asked to happen. We made a lot of great progress on other nuclear talks. And that leads me to the final thing that we wanted to accomplish, which is actually set up the process for the technical negotiations that will follow. Our teams with the— working with the Iranians, the Qataris, and the Pakistanis made great progress yesterday. They will continue to work at the technical level with the teams here in Berlin. Bergenstock. And then those technical negotiations are going to continue over the weeks and days to come.

[12:07] **Speaker A:** It's great. It's great news. I mean, the fact that the inspectors are going in and the IAEA, though I don't know if I trust them completely, it feels like with America's involvement we can keep an eye on them, I think, in an effective way. This is a big deal. We're talking about the number one goal here from President Trump, as stated by him repeatedly, and I think is obvious to anyone who is a neutral observer in this. Making sure Iran doesn't get a nuclear weapon is the top priority, and that seems like that's well underway. All right, some more from Vance. Let's play cut 7 now. I'm sorry, 6. Let's do 6.

[12:39] **Speaker B:** We want Hezbollah. The thing with the Iranians, yes, they did threaten to walk out, or at least there were social media threats that they would walk out. But we were negotiating well past 1 in the morning yesterday, so they didn't walk out. And their technical team is still here in Bergenstock working with our technical team actually as we speak, though I imagine maybe some of them are taking a break to watch this news conference. But look, Um, what we told the Iranians yesterday is when you guys engage in what us millennials might call trash talk, you can't expect the President of the United States not to respond and not to correct the record. So when they say things that aren't true, the President is going to respond to it. I'm going to respond to it. Americans are going to respond to it. When they make threats that aren't rooted in reality, they have to accept that the President of the United States is actually going to set the record straight. That's all that happened. There was a little bit of threatening, there was a little bit of whining, but at the end of the day, the talks continued and we made great progress.

[13:36] **Speaker A:** Very good. Good stuff. Good summary. And it just does remind you that sometimes you see the tough talk coming out of Iranian media. They've got the internet shut off. There's not having— there's no opposition. They control— it is an autocracy in the sense that they control the media. And then so their media announces they're doing great, even though so much of their missile capabilities, so much of their warfighting apparatus, so much of their leadership is all dead or in the sea. So just remember, don't be gaslit just because there's so much quantity of negative coverage of this deal. We still need to continue to watch it play out. And I think it's got a great chance of success. We got one more from Vance. Let's do the final cut here, guys.

[14:16] **Speaker B:** We want Hezbollah to stop firing at our friends in Israel. We want Israelis to be able to live in peace. We also want to make sure that, you know, when, when things happen, they don't spiral into a broader escalation. What we're trying to do is to say, first of all, Israel and every other nation in the region has the right of self-defense. But we want to make sure that everybody has that right of self-defense in the background where we're talking about how to de-escalate these conflicts rather than spiraling out of control. Sometimes what will happen is that, is that if the conflict spirals out of control, that's worse for everybody's self-defense and worse for everybody's security. So we've actually got the process in place to ensure that that doesn't— that escalation doesn't happen.

[14:57] **Speaker A:** I don't know if the vice president and I come from the same place in Israel. We probably don't. I read between the lines on some of his comments in the past. It doesn't seem like he's got any sort of particular affection for the state of Israel. Uh, for me, I grew up in West LA surrounded by Jewish people my whole life. My mother was Jewish during her childhood. It's one of these things where I've got a deep affection for Israel and I've been steeped on pro-Israel talking points and thinking for my entire life. I'm close to Jewish scholars like Dennis Prager. So for me, it, it's much more of a, just something that I, I has been a part of my life for a longer time that I'm a pro-Israel person. I see Israel as a light in the Middle East, the only democracy that's there. It's a tech hub. It's got culture. It's got, of course, they're much better stewards of the Holy Land than the Islamists. And it's one of these things where I think Israel is a very positive thing. But Vance and I are speaking very similarly on this point. This point I've been saying from the very beginning of this war is that Israel choosing to escalate with Hezbollah, even though I understand Hezbollah wants to destroy Israel and they're right at their doorstep, I thought that it was probably detrimental to a broader peace. And that's one thing that's going to be tested because I'm very much pro-Israel guy. I don't know what is in the vice president's heart on this issue. I really don't. Based on some of the rhetoric, you know, he recommends, you know, the Theo Vaughn anti-Israel podcast, like, That, that stuff, I don't get it. I don't know where it's coming from. But if you take him literally here, and I'm going to just for now at least, uh, I agree with him. Is it Israel? If they are able to be under control here, I think it could be a much more lasting global peace for a longer period of time. If we can get this deal locked in, set in stone, and becomes a law of the land, get Iran hooked on being a become a much more normal player in the global economy. And perhaps we can all see the Middle East become a much more peaceful place as people work together. We'll be right back. All right. We got some guests to announce. Is announcing guests good radio? I know if something really catastrophic happens and unexpected, course, but I don't, I don't relish it. But Clive Davis died, titan of the, of the music industry, 94 years old, connected to all sorts of incredible acts from Janis Joplin to Miles Davis to Alicia Keys to Whitney Houston, Rod Stewart, Carlos Santana. What I love about his story is the longevity that he was trying to innovate well into his late 80s. And this is something that I've been looking at this part of my, I guess, midlife crisis I've been in for the last few years. I've just turned 40. I, I love the type of people who live like they've never peaked, that live like there's always something better in front of you. And this is a refrain I've gone to on the show, and I return to it again because I see this so much in President Trump. And also, I'm sitting in Dennis Prager's seat right now in, in Dennis. In this one of those things where people feel like they've never peaked, it's one of my favorite qualities of humans. And, uh, rest in peace to him. Alan Greenspan also died 100 years old. It's unbelievable because you're gonna see a lot of quotes from Andrea Mitchell, the journalist who's his wife, who's 79. So she's an old lady, but also he's 21, she's 21 years younger. Um, a really long career, a guy who was advisor to Richard Nixon in the late '60s and then became the chair of the Council of Economic Advisers to Gerald Ford in the '70s. Starting 50 years ago, he was one of our, one of the top economists in in the country, and then became the chair of the Federal Reserve. He was chair for a really long time. I wonder why that is. I'll ask John Carney about that. But for 20 years, appointed by Reagan, and was there for a long time, and was credited with injecting liquidity after the 1987 stock market crash known as Black Monday. He got some accolades there. But a lot of his career, I think, was reappraised later on after the 2008 financial crisis where he was criticized for keeping rates too low in the early 2000s, which a lot of people thought fused the housing bubble and probably rightly so on that. So it sort of tainted the last quintile of his life. But long life, a lot of longevity, 100 years old, centenarian, is that the expression? I like that as a good goal. That's definitely a goal of mine. I want to live.

[19:22] **Speaker B:** I want to live.

[19:22] **Speaker A:** I think it'd be great. Let's see what it's like at 100. Let's enter the very old class, centenarians. Um, we will have an obit for you at Breitbart.com later in the day from John Carney, our economic and finance editor, who will give you more detail as well. All right. Other big news item that is out is Keir Starmer, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, has announced his intention of resigning, but it's going to be a long time. So he's not resigning right away. He's going to do one of these things that some people choose to do in their lives. Where they do a very long and drawn-out resignation process. He's going to do some sort of a tour, a farewell tour. I don't— I totally get it. He hasn't been Prime Minister very long, hasn't been super effective. And I think this does open up a lot of opportunity for some progress, particularly from Nigel Farage's Reform Party, which has continued to develop its following over the last few months in terms of local elections. And the Starmer Party lost a lot of ground to the— the Labour Party lost a lot of ground, not to Conservatives, the Conservative Party, the Tory Party, but actually to the Reform Party in recent days. And I think that was partially what fueled the resignation. We're seeing massive churn in the UK. So this is, I think, the— that will probably get to 6 prime ministers in 10 years. It might even be 7. I gotta double-check the math on that. But obviously a lot of churn because a lot of the policies they're trying are just not working. Just, that's the fact, is that when Starmer came in, he had a pretty short-lived honeymoon 'cause a lot of riots broke out, you might recall, right afterwards after a mass stabbing at a place called Southport at a children's dance party. Killed 3 young girls. Huge riots after that. So, and right after that, his polls just dropped immediately. And his mandate was to deliver economic growth. Instead, he raised taxes. And the migrant crisis, which became something that even people in the establishment of British politics and liberal British politics were acknowledging that there's just way too many migrants coming over the English Channel. He acknowledged it and then ultimately did nothing about it. He tried to befriend Trump, had some success at that, which actually got the UK probably preferable tariff agreements relative to the EU. But then he went back out and started criticizing Trump with Iran, calling Trump no Churchill and saying Britain was once a great ally. And so Trump was humiliating him a lot on the Everything app and Truth Social, stuff like that. So he lost that ally as well. So we'll have more details for you throughout the days and weeks to come, but most likely your next Prime Minister is going to be a guy named Andy Burnham. He is a very shrewd political operator from what we're able to glean from our London bureau at Breitbart, and he is someone who's been around, pretty prominent in British politics since the Tony Blair era. So he seems like he's going to coast in there, but will he have any policies that benefit the country in the long run? Mean that he's gonna have some longevity in governance? I highly doubt it. This is a thing that I've been pointing out for a very long time, another one of those refrains I go back to over and over again. It's not just about rhetorical gifts, it's not just about knowing how to operate and knowing how to get elected, but ultimately you do have to have a vision, you have to have policies, and it just doesn't sound like he has any distinguishing policies. And this is how Trump, I think, has succeeded, is, is not just that his style is not that he is high energy and that he's good at mocking the media and that he's funny and that he's resilient. All that stuff is great, but ultimately Trump's policies are very smart and very popular, and that's how Trump is able to fend off everything. So will Andy Burnham have any new fresh policies to invigorate a UK that we seem to be slowly watching circle the drain? Highly doubt it. So then what comes next? Because again, we're seeing churn every year and a half, every 2 years, seeing a new prime minister. This is where it gets really exciting because is this Nigel Farage's moment? Nigel Farage, a friend of us at Breitbart News, you guys might recall I talked about this quite a bit in the summer of Brexit, in the summer of, I think it was 2015, Brexit 2015, I always confuse 2015, 2016, not a great date guy, but I spent the whole summer in the UK in the run-up to Brexit where the polls suggested a 10% victory that the UK people wanted to remain in the European Union. This was Farage's baby, his entire political career, and they overcame a 10-point polling deficit to win, to vote to leave the European Union. One of the greatest populist moments of the century, and clearly the precursor to Donald Trump getting elected in the United States, was the people rising up to the establishment, saying they could do it. So Farage has been a— I think on a very slow, methodical rise in UK politics, and now I think with his Reform Party getting stronger and stronger and all the major British parties fading. This is a huge chance, I think, to see perhaps Farage, maybe not the next Prime Minister, but maybe the one after that. I see the path there, but he's gonna have his hands full because, as usual, not only was he gonna be going up against the political establishment, he's gonna be going up against people who are ostensibly on the right. You might recall Farage's most high-profile critic is Elon Musk, who basically stood up an entire political party to try to stand up to Farage. He's created the Restore UK Party, or Restore Britain Party, led by former Reform MP Rupert Lowe. And all this is designed to do is to be a spoiler for Farage. So Musk thinks that Farage— it all started with his beef over Tommy Robinson. You're probably aware of Tommy Robinson. He is this figure who did a great job to expose a lot of the grooming gangs. That's the expression for really rape gangs led by Pakistani Muslims in the UK that both the establishment and the media were completely not inclined to report on. We report on as best we can at Breitbart News, so those of you who are readers of my website know about this a lot. But Tommy Robinson, very instrumental to getting that into the mainstream and has been, I believe, rightly touted as a hero. But Farage sees other baggage in Robinson's life, and there's tons He's a very complex guy. He's not a guy who necessarily want to just make the Prime Minister or a member of Parliament because he's a complicated individual. He's a heroic individual but also complicated in a lot of ways. And Musk just really didn't like that Farage was not inclined to welcome Tommy Robinson into the Reform Party, and that prompted Musk to create an entire political apparatus basically designed to defeat Farage, who he regards as controlled opposition and weak sauce. And doesn't have what it takes. Farage is a singular figure in European politics from my vantage point, and I cover it as closely as any American. We have an incredible track record of this at Breitbart, and I've been covering it since I've been editor-in-chief of Breitbart News. We prioritized keeping an eye on European populist movements. Farage is by far the most important and the most influential, and for Musk just to throw him out because they disagreed on one thing and just create a whole new political party to get in Farage's way It's going to have consequences. It really is. So let's see what happens. But that's where we're at for now. And I will do a deeper dive on this for our premium members of Breitbart News today, if you're so inclined. We have a membership called the Fight Club. And if you want more information on this, I will be doing a broader dive with some of our team from our London bureau. So it's still exciting, though, to see Starmer go down. I always like to see the churn, always exciting for the news cycle. And let's see what happens next. And, uh, as in, let's see what happens on his resignation tour, which I'm curious to see how that's going to go as well. All right. And so this is a, um, I'll, I'll make a quick pivot here because I just want to make sure we get to this stuff. I think the front runner for the Democrat nomination right now is Kamala Harris. And the only thing that can get in Kamala Harris's way right now, I don't think it's any Democrats because their biggest star is a Ugandan named Zohra Mamdani. Gavin Newsom is— the more he talks, the more people are put off by him. The more his wife talks, the more people are put off by them. They can't go for a moderate. They can't go for a Josh Shapiro type who happens to be Jewish. Pete Buttigieg will never get a Black person to vote for him. So I feel like the default is right now Kamala Harris. She is the nominee. And the only thing that can stop her from getting nominated is if she starts talking. And she did talk over the weekend. She went on the Don Lemon podcast. And she explained the power of hope. I want to play cut 1, please.

[28:05] **Speaker C:** We each have light inside of us, and we need to know that that is what inspires our hope as much as anything external to ourselves. And when we feel that and not allow an election or an individual to dampen that light and instead let that light kind of carry us in particular through moments of darkness, that we not only act on that hope, but we inspire that hope in each other. And in particular at this moment, it is so important that we not only have hope, but that we understand that that should be a verb.

[28:51] **Speaker A:** Hope is a verb. Light that's inside of us, we got to bring that light out. We got to bring it out from the darkness. Also, if you freeze frame on Lamone there, Don Lamone, he looks just like Rachel Maddow to me in that, which is funny because I know he is a black man and Rachel Maddow is supposed to be a white woman, but it's just like, I just find like they look exactly the same. Those of you watching the screens, you guys have to see it. It's the same glasses, same eyebrows. Uh, and Kamala looks like she's on something. Like she really does look like it's a, they got to put the timestamp on when this is recorded. Because this definitely looks like 2.5 chardonnays in, uh, when she's, she's doing this commentary. But this is where she can't— if she would come hire me, I'll be cheap, low 7 figures, maybe low 8 figures. But it's the hire me, I will tell you what to do. And it's just go home, have some wine time, have some Netflix time. You could, you could have someone read your own book to you. It is— they don't talk about there's a light inside of us. And also, you know, doesn't have a light inside of him? Michelle Obama. I got more commentary that we come back. All right, thanks a lot to the team: Greg Evans, Sean McConnell, Roger Wicker Jr., Rick Locke, Garrett Cholly, Matt Sibyl, Ricky Lopez, Misty Callahan, John Cassio, Daniel West. All of you, thank you very much for helping out with the show. I mentioned before the break, I thought that Michelle Obama never had a light behind her eyes. Maybe that's what Kamala is doing, distinguishing herself from Kamala Harris there, distinguishing herself from Michelle Obama. Just two very talented women leading the Democrat Party. I play some cuts of Michelle Obama speaking now that she's been on the Fat Shot, or the Skinny Shot as they're now rebranding it. She's on the Fat Shot and she's really like lost the light behind her eyes if she ever had it. And I'm not gonna play them on the show, but they are on the podcast feed of a deep dive podcast, Emma and Joe Morris, as I do once a week and usually comes out on the weekends. And we break down the new Michelle Obama rebrand. That is, you will find it entertaining. A lot of clips going around on social that people were enjoying. So, uh, make sure to follow me on the social feeds as well. I've got another cut of Kamala that I wanna share cuz this one is, I think, pretty important. Cut 2, please. Well, since we're there, what about the Electoral College?

[31:11] **Speaker C:** I think we need to look at that too. I think we need to look at that too. Yes. Yes, I do.

[31:18] **Speaker A:** Because it's clear to me— this is me, I don't put words in your mouth— that we are being governed by a minority in this country.

[31:24] **Speaker C:** Yes. And I think that there is some real shaking up that we have to do of the rules and the structure.

[31:32] **Speaker A:** And is that getting rid of the Electoral College?

[31:36] **Speaker C:** I think we should— that should be a discussion that we should have. I don't think we should eliminate that.

[31:43] **Speaker A:** So she doesn't think we should eliminate it, but we should have a conversation talking about it. That's the bold leadership that I really have come to expect from Kamala Harris. But just note that she did lose the popular vote as well. So she lost the popular vote. But we should look at whether or not we should live by the popular vote because, you know, we need— we need more emphasis on our major metropolitan areas. We need LA and New York and Chicago to have a bigger say in American politics. That would really be helpful. And plus, you know what has really been a big problem? When we abide by the Constitution, that really gets us into a big mess. So anything that's in the Constitution, you know, in the name of saving democracy, I think one of the most important things you can do is to evaluate our founding documents and to try to throw them out as best we can. That would be a great way to preserve democracy. Isn't that the implication? It's in the Constitution. It's working out pretty well. You don't have a great explanation of what would get better if we got rid of it. You've no path to get rid of it. But she also doesn't have a hard line on it. She doesn't really have any leadership. This is one thing that the Democrats do very well, is they're able to speak as if they've got a solution when they have no solution. They don't really have any big ideas. Their big ideas are just transing sports. We're still seeing this here. It is cuck month. Cuck month goes on. We've got just another week or so of cuck month. Content. And we are seeing now some real pushback from some of these sports teams, these sports ball teams that are asked to do a lot of Cuck Month stuff. There's a story from last week that I really did want to bring up and we got this clip. Why don't we play the, um, play the— you guys already have it teed up, but go ahead and roll it. The York Revolution says that it is canceling tonight's Pride Night game, saying that players refused to wear the Pride Night jersey. The team The team says the game will be forfeited, but says it will still hold a free Pride Night event at Wells Span Park. The Rebs say that if you did buy tickets for tonight's game, you can redeem them for any future game. It's just great. It's just so— this team, a minor league team, the New York Revolution, just canceled their Cuck Month game because they wouldn't wear a rainbow jersey. And so they said, we're not going to wear the rainbow jersey.. And as they state on the show, Blake Trinen of the Dodgers, he won't wear the cuck hat and he's allowed to play. It's a, they didn't, even though his manager Dave Roberts did wear the cuck hat, even though he's a professed Christian, seems like a good guy otherwise, he wore the stupid hat. And one of the guys, Blake Trinen, who is a, I think he's a pretty outspoken Christian, probably a conservative is my guess. I'm not gonna wear the hat. And they put him in the game. He let him pitch. So you can do it. So this minor league team in Pennsylvania is not going to wear the Pride Night hat, and then they end up canceling the game. It's a, it's a beautiful protest. It's a great protest. Uh, Harmie Dillon, who's the associate attorney general, is now saying that Major League Baseball, which encouraged players to wear Black Lives Matter on their uniforms, is now threatening Christian players by suggesting they can't write a Bible verse on their hat. So now the, her department is going to investigate whether or not this is religious discrimination. And she puts this out there on the Everything app. And I think it's a great thing to put out because maybe they consider it religious discrimination. I think it is obviously because there is so much corporate pressure to do Cuck Month, to do Black Lives Matter, all that stuff. And yet it becomes controversial if you want to write a Bible verse, you can't have it both ways. You can't genuflect to the altar of Black Lives Matter and St. George Floyd. And then not allow people to actually give it up to Almighty God. So you can have one or the other, but you can't, you can't have one or the other. Maybe you can have both, or maybe you just wear your hat and you go to work and you have your uniform and you come home. But you can't do this thing where George Floyd is a saint, but actual saints are not saints. Good stuff. That's all for today. Go in peace to love and serve the Lord.

[35:46] **Speaker D:** Here's something most people don't know. When Warren Buffett was just 13 years old, he didn't put his money into a savings account. While other kids were earning next to nothing at local banks, Buffett put $114 into a little-known investment. Today, that $114 would be worth over $15 million. And it wasn't a risky trade. It wasn't even insider knowledge. It was an account that It's been around since 1888, and over the last 25 years, it's averaged 29% a year. That's what happens when your money is allowed to compound. Compare that to today's savings accounts, paying less than half a percent, while inflation quietly eats away at your buying power. Buffett understood early: banks are great businesses, just not for savers. If you'd like to see what some investors call the 29% account, Go now to Account29.com. That's Account, the numbers 2, 9, dot com. Again, Account29.com.
