# Where Is All The Rotting Food In Boyle Heights Going?

**Show:** 790 KABC
**Date Published:** 2026-07-18
**Date Found:** 2026-07-19
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/where-is-all-the-rotting-food-in-boyle-heights-going?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 45 minutes

## Summary

This 45-minute episode of 790 KABC mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, 790 KABC

## Key Moment

> "I love my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year now and I use it every single week and it does the greatest job on steaks. I'm going to do some flat irons this week. It is a great job on chicken, including chicken breasts. I have a video on my social media at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Facebook. You can see me doing some sausages on there. I'm going to put up some videos of some chicken breasts later this week. Even does a great job on shrimp, on veggies. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which, you know, what's the side effect of that? The grill heats up so quickly, and I'm not taking 25 minutes before I actually put something on there. My propane tank is lasting way longer than I thought it would. Big fan of this thing. You should find out if the Solaire makes sense for you. Learn about the technology. See what Rhett Rasmussen has to offer, because he does a great job out there making these things in Whittier. Check it out for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories I found interesting going up and down the Golden State. And in case you have missed any of them, you can check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. Every single story that I talk about, I have linked there. You can watch the full one on your own time or share it with your friends, your family, do whatever you want with it. You can also follow me on all the socials on X and Instagram @randywangradio. And check our YouTube channel out where there are clips of this show and of course where you can watch the John Phillips Show live every day from noon to 3. Youtube.com/@randywangradio. Let's start with the latest update from the Boyle Heights warehouse facility. We have been dealing with this now for a month. That devastating fire started a month ago where the contractor who ran the solar panel farm on the roof of the cold storage facility was trying to reconnect some old solar panels that were deactivated because they caught fire 2 years ago. And what do you know, they didn't just figure out that even what I know about electricity work, you gotta turn off the breaker before you turn on and unplug and plug back in any new lights. So a fire started, it got outta control, and that's when the real disaster started because the response from the city and the county at every single level has been horrific. From Karen Bass saying that the smoke that is coming out from this facility is okay and it is not harmful when we know how harmful those chemicals are, to the meager, oh, we're going to give you an air purifier and that's going to solve it. We're going to open up health clinics and give you Tylenol. It's just unbelievable amounts of incompetence. Look, the city didn't start this fire, but the city's response when it comes to any kind of disaster is so lacking. And that is true when we're also talking about the cleanup. You know, there's been a lot of people who have recently made the offhand remark, you know, it may have been better off if they just let the warehouse burn to the ground because then all the food would have been cooked instead of rotting. It's an interesting thought process. Now, of course, they had to put out the fire. That's the job of the fire department. But the ensuing disaster of trying to remove 85 million 1 million pounds of rotting food is moving real slow. We've talked about the math, and in case anybody asks you, over the weekend we've cleared about 1%, maybe a little more now, but as of 2 days ago, we've cleared about 1% of all the debris that was out there. But you might be asking, where is all of this going? And that's a very good question. Well, thanks to our friends at CBS LA, we found out some of all of this rotting food is going to a landfill in Riverside County, specifically the El Sobrante Landfill, a landfill that has been cited for all kinds of violations over the last few years. Now, I don't know how this works. I got to imagine if you're a landfill, you're getting paid for every single load of rotting food that's getting dropped off. Apparently, the government had to sign a waiver because they're bringing in way more food than, you know, way more trash at one time that's usually allowed for this landfill. But now Riverside County has to deal with this problem, specifically people in Corona. And I, I understand that you have to put it somewhere, but it is funny that like it has to go all the way down the 91 to Corona. It's just, it is a horrific situation and it's not the only horrific situation. You know, it's interesting. We started this week with an update on the Boyle Heights warehouse fire talking about something that happened right next to it. And that was when a water main broke in Boyle Heights over the weekend, right next to the warehouse. And then just a few days later, what happened? Oh, that's right. Another big massive water main break, this time in West Hollywood. If you've seen the video coming out there, it is so devastating as because Sunset is an inclined street, Everything went somewhere. And if you had an underground— if you had a car in an underground parking garage, oh, good luck. Restaurants destroyed, car garages destroyed. The entire street's going to be torn up for quite some time. Just a complete mess. And I'm going to say it, another preventable mess. This is where the incompetence of the city of Los Angeles really hurts all of us, including people that don't live in the city of Los Angeles, because here's a fun fact that you may not have known. Even though most of the destruction here is happening in West Hollywood, West Hollywood does not have its own municipal water agency. Half of West Hollywood is Beverly Hills and half of West Hollywood is LADWP. Guess which side had the 110-year-old pipe that burst? And this is the failure, uh, to every level of our government locally. And this goes way further than Karen Bass. This goes back for decades. But everybody in charge now and everybody in charge back then, this is what you get for deferred maintenance, for this policy of, well, it's probably cheaper to just let these things rupture and fix them then, than proactively preventing destruction, which I don't think is true at all. This city is spending like not— it's spending maybe $5 billion over like 10 years. I don't know the exact number, but they're not spending nearly enough to get these things fixed proactively. The LADWP says we're doing like 50,000 feet a year. There's like 70,000 miles of pipe. And if we need to reallocate some of our resources to take care of this, because believe you me, I'm a ratepayer of LADWP. I feel like I'm paying through the nose. I would like to know that my money is going to something, including replacing the aged infrastructure. But I guess it's not. All the money that we pay in taxes here, I guess it's not going to that either. How about the big infrastructure bill from the Biden days? Did anything go towards replacing the pipes? Maybe we have to start reallocating some of the money that we're using in our city government. Like, I don't know, the money we waste on homelessness, the money we waste on bloated salaries. You want to talk about the LADWP? Janice Quiñones, who was Karen Bass's handpicked leader of the LADWP, cost $750,000 a year before she ditched us to go to Puerto Rico. How many pipes could have that paid for? These are the basics— safety and infrastructure. And on infrastructure, whether it's potholes, water mains, we're not doing a damn thing. Civil engineers will tell you that these pipes that were put in over 100 years ago had a shelf life of 50 to 75 years. So we know that LA is a ticking time bomb of water, and what are we doing about it? We're not doing anything about it. We're just waiting for these things to pop up and then we'll just mitigate the damage when it happens instead of proactively preventing all this destruction. It's unbelievable. In the Eaton Canyon area, there's a new villain in the ever-going saga of insurance companies screwing over their ratepayers. We've talked a lot about State Farm. We've talked a lot about the FAIR plan. Well, now welcome Farmers into the consult— into the conversation. Farmers Insurance, by the way, is my homeowner's insurance company, and my policy— and I don't live anywhere near a wildfire area— has doubled in the last 2 years. So NBC LA talked to some homeowners. Who were evacuated because of the devastating Eaton Fire, their homes deemed unlivable because of the smoke damage. They've had their own testing done and found that there was so much toxic chemicals inside the house that need to be stripped down to the studs. So they submit that to the insurance company, the insurance company they've been paying for decades. And what does Farmers say? Well, sure, your report says that we need to spend $1 million tearing this home down and rebuilding it, but instead we're going to give you $80 grand and here's a vacuum. This is what they're doing. And what has become the issue now is that we're at the waiting game because part of your insurance is the alternate living places where while your home is being repaired, while your home is being— while your home is being destroyed, what have you, you have a situation where you are getting money so you can pay to live somewhere else. Well, all of that money is running out. So now you have people that are being forced to either sell everything or go back into a dangerous home or pay out of their own pocket for their mortgage and for rent for somewhere else.. And it just shows you, you know, the people that were interviewed in this story. One family is fighting, one family is taking their small kids and like, all right, I guess we're moving back into the dangerous house. And people shouldn't have to make these choices. And what is the point of having our quote unquote overregulated insurance industry if the insurance commissioner cannot hold these insurance companies accountable for not fulfilling their end of the contract, for further victimizing fire victims, dragging this stuff out where you are having people run out of their alternate location payments because you've been dragging this out for a year and a half. Farmers even accused one of the families of the ones dragging out this. I don't care who you are, if you were the victim of one of these things, the insurance company does not have your side. Get a public adjuster. Get a lawyer because you need to go after these people. And I never, ever, ever want to assume malice. You always want to assume that there's just a lot of incompetence and bureaucratic nonsense. But when it comes to the insurance industry, specifically homeowners insurance, but I will say it's true for medical insurance too. Don't get me started on that story about Blue Shield in San Francisco with the firefighter. With these kinds of denials and changing of adjusters and lowballing people that were victimized, all of this, it's really hard to not assume malice, to assume that they're doing this on purpose, that they do not have the best interest of their customers at heart, that they actually enjoy further victimizing these people. And here's all I'm going to say. State Farm. Farmers Fair Plan, which again is not a government plan, and it's good to make that distinction. I'm going to tell you right now, if the voters in the state of California in the November election end up voting for Jane Kim, the San Francisco supervisor, over Ben Allen, if that happens, you know who you have to look at? Yourselves in the mirror. Because if the state of California goes for the socialist plan of we need a public option, a Medi-Cal for homeowners insurance, it is because the majority of the voters of California do not trust that like a good neighbor State Farm is there, that we are farmers, dun, da, da, da, dun, dun, like a good neighbor, all of this stuff, we have your back, we're in your hands, we don't believe you. So if this state votes for a socialist insurance commissioner, which it may happen, I 100% blame the insurance companies who did not fulfill their end of the contract that further victimized these people. You have yourselves to blame for this. I'm not saying what Jane Kim is suggesting is a good idea or not. It might be a disastrous idea. But I understand where people would want to vote for it, because if you cannot trust the insurance industry to do what they're supposed to do, what is the other option? And if they really can't make any money without screwing everybody over, then what's the point anyway? Hey, let's go to John in Long Beach. John, hello."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "I love my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year now and I use it every single week and it does the greatest job on steaks. I'm going to do some flat irons this week. It is a great job on chicken, including chicken breasts. I have a video on my social media at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Facebook. You can see me doing some sausages on there. I'm going to put up some videos of some chicken breasts later this week. Even does a great job on shrimp, on veggies. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which, you know, what's the side effect of that? The grill heats up so quickly, and I'm not taking 25 minutes before I actually put something on there. My propane tank is lasting way longer than I thought it would. Big fan of this thing. You should find out if the Solaire makes sense for you. Learn about the technology. See what Rhett Rasmussen has to offer, because he does a great job out there making these things in Whittier. Check it out for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories I found interesting going up and down the Golden State. And in case you have missed any of them, you can check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. Every single story that I talk about, I have linked there. You can watch the full one on your own time or share it with your friends, your family, do whatever you want with it. You can also follow me on all the socials on X and Instagram @randywangradio. And check our YouTube channel out where there are clips of this show and of course where you can watch the John Phillips Show live every day from noon to 3. Youtube.com/@randywangradio. Let's start with the latest update from the Boyle Heights warehouse facility. We have been dealing with this now for a month. That devastating fire started a month ago where the contractor who ran the solar panel farm on the roof of the cold storage facility was trying to reconnect some old solar panels that were deactivated because they caught fire 2 years ago. And what do you know, they didn't just figure out that even what I know about electricity work, you gotta turn off the breaker before you turn on and unplug and plug back in any new lights. So a fire started, it got outta control, and that's when the real disaster started because the response from the city and the county at every single level has been horrific. From Karen Bass saying that the smoke that is coming out from this facility is okay and it is not harmful when we know how harmful those chemicals are, to the meager, oh, we're going to give you an air purifier and that's going to solve it. We're going to open up health clinics and give you Tylenol. It's just unbelievable amounts of incompetence. Look, the city didn't start this fire, but the city's response when it comes to any kind of disaster is so lacking. And that is true when we're also talking about the cleanup. You know, there's been a lot of people who have recently made the offhand remark, you know, it may have been better off if they just let the warehouse burn to the ground because then all the food would have been cooked instead of rotting. It's an interesting thought process. Now, of course, they had to put out the fire. That's the job of the fire department. But the ensuing disaster of trying to remove 85 million 1 million pounds of rotting food is moving real slow. We've talked about the math, and in case anybody asks you, over the weekend we've cleared about 1%, maybe a little more now, but as of 2 days ago, we've cleared about 1% of all the debris that was out there. But you might be asking, where is all of this going? And that's a very good question. Well, thanks to our friends at CBS LA, we found out some of all of this rotting food is going to a landfill in Riverside County, specifically the El Sobrante Landfill, a landfill that has been cited for all kinds of violations over the last few years. Now, I don't know how this works. I got to imagine if you're a landfill, you're getting paid for every single load of rotting food that's getting dropped off. Apparently, the government had to sign a waiver because they're bringing in way more food than, you know, way more trash at one time that's usually allowed for this landfill. But now Riverside County has to deal with this problem, specifically people in Corona. And I, I understand that you have to put it somewhere, but it is funny that like it has to go all the way down the 91 to Corona. It's just, it is a horrific situation and it's not the only horrific situation. You know, it's interesting. We started this week with an update on the Boyle Heights warehouse fire talking about something that happened right next to it. And that was when a water main broke in Boyle Heights over the weekend, right next to the warehouse. And then just a few days later, what happened? Oh, that's right. Another big massive water main break, this time in West Hollywood. If you've seen the video coming out there, it is so devastating as because Sunset is an inclined street, Everything went somewhere. And if you had an underground— if you had a car in an underground parking garage, oh, good luck. Restaurants destroyed, car garages destroyed. The entire street's going to be torn up for quite some time. Just a complete mess. And I'm going to say it, another preventable mess. This is where the incompetence of the city of Los Angeles really hurts all of us, including people that don't live in the city of Los Angeles, because here's a fun fact that you may not have known. Even though most of the destruction here is happening in West Hollywood, West Hollywood does not have its own municipal water agency. Half of West Hollywood is Beverly Hills and half of West Hollywood is LADWP. Guess which side had the 110-year-old pipe that burst? And this is the failure, uh, to every level of our government locally. And this goes way further than Karen Bass. This goes back for decades. But everybody in charge now and everybody in charge back then, this is what you get for deferred maintenance, for this policy of, well, it's probably cheaper to just let these things rupture and fix them then, than proactively preventing destruction, which I don't think is true at all. This city is spending like not— it's spending maybe $5 billion over like 10 years. I don't know the exact number, but they're not spending nearly enough to get these things fixed proactively. The LADWP says we're doing like 50,000 feet a year. There's like 70,000 miles of pipe. And if we need to reallocate some of our resources to take care of this, because believe you me, I'm a ratepayer of LADWP. I feel like I'm paying through the nose. I would like to know that my money is going to something, including replacing the aged infrastructure. But I guess it's not. All the money that we pay in taxes here, I guess it's not going to that either. How about the big infrastructure bill from the Biden days? Did anything go towards replacing the pipes? Maybe we have to start reallocating some of the money that we're using in our city government. Like, I don't know, the money we waste on homelessness, the money we waste on bloated salaries. You want to talk about the LADWP? Janice Quiñones, who was Karen Bass's handpicked leader of the LADWP, cost $750,000 a year before she ditched us to go to Puerto Rico. How many pipes could have that paid for? These are the basics— safety and infrastructure. And on infrastructure, whether it's potholes, water mains, we're not doing a damn thing. Civil engineers will tell you that these pipes that were put in over 100 years ago had a shelf life of 50 to 75 years. So we know that LA is a ticking time bomb of water, and what are we doing about it? We're not doing anything about it. We're just waiting for these things to pop up and then we'll just mitigate the damage when it happens instead of proactively preventing all this destruction. It's unbelievable. In the Eaton Canyon area, there's a new villain in the ever-going saga of insurance companies screwing over their ratepayers. We've talked a lot about State Farm. We've talked a lot about the FAIR plan. Well, now welcome Farmers into the consult— into the conversation. Farmers Insurance, by the way, is my homeowner's insurance company, and my policy— and I don't live anywhere near a wildfire area— has doubled in the last 2 years. So NBC LA talked to some homeowners. Who were evacuated because of the devastating Eaton Fire, their homes deemed unlivable because of the smoke damage. They've had their own testing done and found that there was so much toxic chemicals inside the house that need to be stripped down to the studs. So they submit that to the insurance company, the insurance company they've been paying for decades. And what does Farmers say? Well, sure, your report says that we need to spend $1 million tearing this home down and rebuilding it, but instead we're going to give you $80 grand and here's a vacuum. This is what they're doing. And what has become the issue now is that we're at the waiting game because part of your insurance is the alternate living places where while your home is being repaired, while your home is being— while your home is being destroyed, what have you, you have a situation where you are getting money so you can pay to live somewhere else. Well, all of that money is running out. So now you have people that are being forced to either sell everything or go back into a dangerous home or pay out of their own pocket for their mortgage and for rent for somewhere else.. And it just shows you, you know, the people that were interviewed in this story. One family is fighting, one family is taking their small kids and like, all right, I guess we're moving back into the dangerous house. And people shouldn't have to make these choices. And what is the point of having our quote unquote overregulated insurance industry if the insurance commissioner cannot hold these insurance companies accountable for not fulfilling their end of the contract, for further victimizing fire victims, dragging this stuff out where you are having people run out of their alternate location payments because you've been dragging this out for a year and a half. Farmers even accused one of the families of the ones dragging out this. I don't care who you are, if you were the victim of one of these things, the insurance company does not have your side. Get a public adjuster. Get a lawyer because you need to go after these people. And I never, ever, ever want to assume malice. You always want to assume that there's just a lot of incompetence and bureaucratic nonsense. But when it comes to the insurance industry, specifically homeowners insurance, but I will say it's true for medical insurance too. Don't get me started on that story about Blue Shield in San Francisco with the firefighter. With these kinds of denials and changing of adjusters and lowballing people that were victimized, all of this, it's really hard to not assume malice, to assume that they're doing this on purpose, that they do not have the best interest of their customers at heart, that they actually enjoy further victimizing these people. And here's all I'm going to say. State Farm. Farmers Fair Plan, which again is not a government plan, and it's good to make that distinction. I'm going to tell you right now, if the voters in the state of California in the November election end up voting for Jane Kim, the San Francisco supervisor, over Ben Allen, if that happens, you know who you have to look at? Yourselves in the mirror. Because if the state of California goes for the socialist plan of we need a public option, a Medi-Cal for homeowners insurance, it is because the majority of the voters of California do not trust that like a good neighbor State Farm is there, that we are farmers, dun, da, da, da, dun, dun, like a good neighbor, all of this stuff, we have your back, we're in your hands, we don't believe you. So if this state votes for a socialist insurance commissioner, which it may happen, I 100% blame the insurance companies who did not fulfill their end of the contract that further victimized these people. You have yourselves to blame for this. I'm not saying what Jane Kim is suggesting is a good idea or not. It might be a disastrous idea. But I understand where people would want to vote for it, because if you cannot trust the insurance industry to do what they're supposed to do, what is the other option? And if they really can't make any money without screwing everybody over, then what's the point anyway? Hey, let's go to John in Long Beach. John, hello."
- [20:39] Speaker A: "It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. If you'd like to send me an email, you can do so at randywangradio@gmail.com. Catherine writes in at randywangradio@gmail.com, your hair looked great today and John's. He needs it short for the weather he's in. I made a comment during the live show that nobody had noticed that I got a haircut this morning. And was I fishing for compliments? Yes, I was. Love the live shows, just want to let you know, but the reason I'm emailing is my mom just got her bill for earthquake insurance and went up quite a bit. So I know what you're saying, the insurance companies are really bad. I just hope that we don't have a socialist. Anything I'm very scared about at all, but I don't want to be fearful. Have a great weekend. I understand that fear and It may be a complete disaster, Jane Kim's idea of having a public option for homeowners insurance, because we've seen how California runs all kinds of different departments. That being said, if it happens, if this is the person that gets elected, I totally understand why. The insurance companies have nobody to blame but themselves. They have treated ratepayers so terribly and our system to regulate them is a— it is not there. There really isn't any actual strict regulation holding these people accountable. So if we get the socialist and we get the public plan, it's because the insurance companies brought it on themselves. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. If you want to join us on the phone, the phone number is 800-222-5222. You can send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com. Follow me on the socials at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and on X. My YouTube channel I bet you can guess the handle: @randywangradio. That's where you can see The John Phillips Show live, as well as clips from this show and The John Phillips Show. And subscribe to our podcast, The Accountability Podcast. Watch John and I— if you haven't seen it yet, great viewing over the weekend— as you see John and I react to Karen Bass and Barbara Ferrer getting cussed out in Boyle Heights. We currently have 1,299 subscribers. Which is free, by the way, YouTube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. If you cannot find it, just send me an email. I'll point you towards it. You should be the 1,300th subscriber. You can do that right now. YouTube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. Let's go to Stuart in Seal Beach. Stuart, hello."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I love my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year now and I use it every single week and it does the greatest job on steaks. I'm going to do some flat irons this week. It is a great job on chicken, including chicken breasts. I have a video on my social media at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Facebook. You can see me doing some sausages on there. I'm going to put up some videos of some chicken breasts later this week. Even does a great job on shrimp, on veggies. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which, you know, what's the side effect of that? The grill heats up so quickly, and I'm not taking 25 minutes before I actually put something on there. My propane tank is lasting way longer than I thought it would. Big fan of this thing. You should find out if the Solaire makes sense for you. Learn about the technology. See what Rhett Rasmussen has to offer, because he does a great job out there making these things in Whittier. Check it out for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list every single day of all the stories I found interesting going up and down the Golden State. And in case you have missed any of them, you can check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. Every single story that I talk about, I have linked there. You can watch the full one on your own time or share it with your friends, your family, do whatever you want with it. You can also follow me on all the socials on X and Instagram @randywangradio. And check our YouTube channel out where there are clips of this show and of course where you can watch the John Phillips Show live every day from noon to 3. Youtube.com/@randywangradio. Let's start with the latest update from the Boyle Heights warehouse facility. We have been dealing with this now for a month. That devastating fire started a month ago where the contractor who ran the solar panel farm on the roof of the cold storage facility was trying to reconnect some old solar panels that were deactivated because they caught fire 2 years ago. And what do you know, they didn't just figure out that even what I know about electricity work, you gotta turn off the breaker before you turn on and unplug and plug back in any new lights. So a fire started, it got outta control, and that's when the real disaster started because the response from the city and the county at every single level has been horrific. From Karen Bass saying that the smoke that is coming out from this facility is okay and it is not harmful when we know how harmful those chemicals are, to the meager, oh, we're going to give you an air purifier and that's going to solve it. We're going to open up health clinics and give you Tylenol. It's just unbelievable amounts of incompetence. Look, the city didn't start this fire, but the city's response when it comes to any kind of disaster is so lacking. And that is true when we're also talking about the cleanup. You know, there's been a lot of people who have recently made the offhand remark, you know, it may have been better off if they just let the warehouse burn to the ground because then all the food would have been cooked instead of rotting. It's an interesting thought process. Now, of course, they had to put out the fire. That's the job of the fire department. But the ensuing disaster of trying to remove 85 million 1 million pounds of rotting food is moving real slow. We've talked about the math, and in case anybody asks you, over the weekend we've cleared about 1%, maybe a little more now, but as of 2 days ago, we've cleared about 1% of all the debris that was out there. But you might be asking, where is all of this going? And that's a very good question. Well, thanks to our friends at CBS LA, we found out some of all of this rotting food is going to a landfill in Riverside County, specifically the El Sobrante Landfill, a landfill that has been cited for all kinds of violations over the last few years. Now, I don't know how this works. I got to imagine if you're a landfill, you're getting paid for every single load of rotting food that's getting dropped off. Apparently, the government had to sign a waiver because they're bringing in way more food than, you know, way more trash at one time that's usually allowed for this landfill. But now Riverside County has to deal with this problem, specifically people in Corona. And I, I understand that you have to put it somewhere, but it is funny that like it has to go all the way down the 91 to Corona. It's just, it is a horrific situation and it's not the only horrific situation. You know, it's interesting. We started this week with an update on the Boyle Heights warehouse fire talking about something that happened right next to it. And that was when a water main broke in Boyle Heights over the weekend, right next to the warehouse. And then just a few days later, what happened? Oh, that's right. Another big massive water main break, this time in West Hollywood. If you've seen the video coming out there, it is so devastating as because Sunset is an inclined street, Everything went somewhere. And if you had an underground— if you had a car in an underground parking garage, oh, good luck. Restaurants destroyed, car garages destroyed. The entire street's going to be torn up for quite some time. Just a complete mess. And I'm going to say it, another preventable mess. This is where the incompetence of the city of Los Angeles really hurts all of us, including people that don't live in the city of Los Angeles, because here's a fun fact that you may not have known. Even though most of the destruction here is happening in West Hollywood, West Hollywood does not have its own municipal water agency. Half of West Hollywood is Beverly Hills and half of West Hollywood is LADWP. Guess which side had the 110-year-old pipe that burst? And this is the failure, uh, to every level of our government locally. And this goes way further than Karen Bass. This goes back for decades. But everybody in charge now and everybody in charge back then, this is what you get for deferred maintenance, for this policy of, well, it's probably cheaper to just let these things rupture and fix them then, than proactively preventing destruction, which I don't think is true at all. This city is spending like not— it's spending maybe $5 billion over like 10 years. I don't know the exact number, but they're not spending nearly enough to get these things fixed proactively. The LADWP says we're doing like 50,000 feet a year. There's like 70,000 miles of pipe. And if we need to reallocate some of our resources to take care of this, because believe you me, I'm a ratepayer of LADWP. I feel like I'm paying through the nose. I would like to know that my money is going to something, including replacing the aged infrastructure. But I guess it's not. All the money that we pay in taxes here, I guess it's not going to that either. How about the big infrastructure bill from the Biden days? Did anything go towards replacing the pipes? Maybe we have to start reallocating some of the money that we're using in our city government. Like, I don't know, the money we waste on homelessness, the money we waste on bloated salaries. You want to talk about the LADWP? Janice Quiñones, who was Karen Bass's handpicked leader of the LADWP, cost $750,000 a year before she ditched us to go to Puerto Rico. How many pipes could have that paid for? These are the basics— safety and infrastructure. And on infrastructure, whether it's potholes, water mains, we're not doing a damn thing. Civil engineers will tell you that these pipes that were put in over 100 years ago had a shelf life of 50 to 75 years. So we know that LA is a ticking time bomb of water, and what are we doing about it? We're not doing anything about it. We're just waiting for these things to pop up and then we'll just mitigate the damage when it happens instead of proactively preventing all this destruction. It's unbelievable. In the Eaton Canyon area, there's a new villain in the ever-going saga of insurance companies screwing over their ratepayers. We've talked a lot about State Farm. We've talked a lot about the FAIR plan. Well, now welcome Farmers into the consult— into the conversation. Farmers Insurance, by the way, is my homeowner's insurance company, and my policy— and I don't live anywhere near a wildfire area— has doubled in the last 2 years. So NBC LA talked to some homeowners. Who were evacuated because of the devastating Eaton Fire, their homes deemed unlivable because of the smoke damage. They've had their own testing done and found that there was so much toxic chemicals inside the house that need to be stripped down to the studs. So they submit that to the insurance company, the insurance company they've been paying for decades. And what does Farmers say? Well, sure, your report says that we need to spend $1 million tearing this home down and rebuilding it, but instead we're going to give you $80 grand and here's a vacuum. This is what they're doing. And what has become the issue now is that we're at the waiting game because part of your insurance is the alternate living places where while your home is being repaired, while your home is being— while your home is being destroyed, what have you, you have a situation where you are getting money so you can pay to live somewhere else. Well, all of that money is running out. So now you have people that are being forced to either sell everything or go back into a dangerous home or pay out of their own pocket for their mortgage and for rent for somewhere else.. And it just shows you, you know, the people that were interviewed in this story. One family is fighting, one family is taking their small kids and like, all right, I guess we're moving back into the dangerous house. And people shouldn't have to make these choices. And what is the point of having our quote unquote overregulated insurance industry if the insurance commissioner cannot hold these insurance companies accountable for not fulfilling their end of the contract, for further victimizing fire victims, dragging this stuff out where you are having people run out of their alternate location payments because you've been dragging this out for a year and a half. Farmers even accused one of the families of the ones dragging out this. I don't care who you are, if you were the victim of one of these things, the insurance company does not have your side. Get a public adjuster. Get a lawyer because you need to go after these people. And I never, ever, ever want to assume malice. You always want to assume that there's just a lot of incompetence and bureaucratic nonsense. But when it comes to the insurance industry, specifically homeowners insurance, but I will say it's true for medical insurance too. Don't get me started on that story about Blue Shield in San Francisco with the firefighter. With these kinds of denials and changing of adjusters and lowballing people that were victimized, all of this, it's really hard to not assume malice, to assume that they're doing this on purpose, that they do not have the best interest of their customers at heart, that they actually enjoy further victimizing these people. And here's all I'm going to say. State Farm. Farmers Fair Plan, which again is not a government plan, and it's good to make that distinction. I'm going to tell you right now, if the voters in the state of California in the November election end up voting for Jane Kim, the San Francisco supervisor, over Ben Allen, if that happens, you know who you have to look at? Yourselves in the mirror. Because if the state of California goes for the socialist plan of we need a public option, a Medi-Cal for homeowners insurance, it is because the majority of the voters of California do not trust that like a good neighbor State Farm is there, that we are farmers, dun, da, da, da, dun, dun, like a good neighbor, all of this stuff, we have your back, we're in your hands, we don't believe you. So if this state votes for a socialist insurance commissioner, which it may happen, I 100% blame the insurance companies who did not fulfill their end of the contract that further victimized these people. You have yourselves to blame for this. I'm not saying what Jane Kim is suggesting is a good idea or not. It might be a disastrous idea. But I understand where people would want to vote for it, because if you cannot trust the insurance industry to do what they're supposed to do, what is the other option? And if they really can't make any money without screwing everybody over, then what's the point anyway? Hey, let's go to John in Long Beach. John, hello.

[14:58] **Speaker C:** Randy, how are you, my friend?

[15:00] **Speaker A:** I'm doing great.

[15:03] **Speaker C:** Hey, uh, nice haircut, if nobody told you.

[15:06] **Speaker A:** Thank you very much. I think it was a great one.

[15:10] **Speaker C:** I saw it, I saw it today. It looked like— I thought Johnny was going to boot camp, but anyway, that's another story. I saw, uh, uh, Lucy Jones last night, the seismologist that we all know, on one of the news channels commenting on the water situation with the main break, and she said if we have an earthquake over 5 or 6 in LA, which is not a matter of if but when, all those water mains are going to break, and we're not only going to be dealing with earthquake damage, we're going to be dealing with massive flooding.

[15:52] **Speaker A:** Oh, you're 100% right about that. Just think about how long ago '94 was. The last time we had an earthquake that was that big, all those pipes were 30 years younger than they are now. And we haven't done a good job at all of replacing them, as evidenced by the 110-year-old one in West Hollywood. So yeah, it's going to be a ma— you could talk all you want about building codes and making sure that our buildings and homes and offices are retrofitted to deal with an earthquake. If the infrastructure underground is from 100 years ago, We're in for a bigger disaster than we can ever imagine.

[16:32] **Speaker C:** Well, I have a friend that lives down in, in, in Mission Viejo in a $2 million home. He's a retired sheriff's deputy friend of mine, and he and his wife saw a little bit like in their kitchen on this, on the ceiling. It looked kind of wet, you know, and it got kind of like from small to maybe about, you know, 5 or 6, 7 inches. So they called insurance right away. They said, okay, well, we need to tear the wall out. So they come in, they send somebody, they tear the wall out. They said, oh well, you're, uh, you, you've got a leak in your wall. They said, well, okay, well, I want to put in a claim. Oh no, you should have known that was leaking. He's been going around with them for 4 years on this, and they're refusing to pay. If you got a small leak in your wall, how do you know that it's leaking until you see that the wall or the wall wherever is wet? And they will not pay him, uh, State Farm, and they canceled him.

[17:33] **Speaker A:** Yeah, that sounds exactly like the stories that we hear every single day. It's a product you have to pay for, and if you are unlucky enough to have to use it, you're going to get dropped and you're going to get screwed over. What kind of fair system is that?

[17:48] **Speaker C:** It's not fair at all. And, uh, the other day I was listening to your show, your other show, when you guys were interviewing the gentleman that's running, uh, against the Miss Kim lady. And he happens to be my friend who I've mentioned on your— when I've called in. He works for the insurance commission. He's an arbitrator. If you've got an issue between your company and, and a complaint about him, he's the guy you call. And he told me that everybody that he works with are just keeping their fingers crossed and holding their breath that she does not get elected, because he told me that California Fair Plan— he said, first off, they don't have any money and they never pay, ever.

[18:37] **Speaker A:** You're totally right about that.

[18:39] **Speaker C:** We hear those all the time, every single day. Oh yeah. Well, anyway, I like your show and I like the— and I'm enjoying the live broadcast. So thank you.

[18:49] **Speaker A:** Thanks so much, John. Have a wonderful weekend, buddy.

[18:53] **Speaker C:** Okay. You too. Bye-bye now.

[18:56] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I love my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year now and I use it every single week and it does the greatest job on steaks, I'm going to do some flat irons this week. It does a great job on chicken, including chicken breasts. I have a video on my social media at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Facebook. You can see me doing some sausages on there. I'm going to put up some videos of some chicken breasts later this week. Even does a great job on shrimp, on veggies. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which, you know, it's the side effect of that. The grill heats up so quickly and I'm not taking 25 minutes before I actually put something on there. My propane tank is lasting way longer than I thought it would. Big fan of this thing. You should find out if the Solaire makes sense for you. Learn about the technology. See what Rhett Rasmussen has to offer, because he does a great job out there making these things in Whittier. Check it out for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[20:04] **Speaker D:** Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building. You're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail? Filters ready to clog? HVAC on its last leg? If you wait until something breaks, you're already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[20:39] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. If you'd like to send me an email, you can do so at randywangradio@gmail.com. Catherine writes in at randywangradio@gmail.com, your hair looked great today and John's. He needs it short for the weather he's in. I made a comment during the live show that nobody had noticed that I got a haircut this morning. And was I fishing for compliments? Yes, I was. Love the live shows, just want to let you know, but the reason I'm emailing is my mom just got her bill for earthquake insurance and went up quite a bit. So I know what you're saying, the insurance companies are really bad. I just hope that we don't have a socialist. Anything I'm very scared about at all, but I don't want to be fearful. Have a great weekend. I understand that fear and It may be a complete disaster, Jane Kim's idea of having a public option for homeowners insurance, because we've seen how California runs all kinds of different departments. That being said, if it happens, if this is the person that gets elected, I totally understand why. The insurance companies have nobody to blame but themselves. They have treated ratepayers so terribly and our system to regulate them is a— it is not there. There really isn't any actual strict regulation holding these people accountable. So if we get the socialist and we get the public plan, it's because the insurance companies brought it on themselves. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. If you want to join us on the phone, the phone number is 800-222-5222. You can send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com. Follow me on the socials at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and on X. My YouTube channel I bet you can guess the handle: @randywangradio. That's where you can see The John Phillips Show live, as well as clips from this show and The John Phillips Show. And subscribe to our podcast, The Accountability Podcast. Watch John and I— if you haven't seen it yet, great viewing over the weekend— as you see John and I react to Karen Bass and Barbara Ferrer getting cussed out in Boyle Heights. We currently have 1,299 subscribers. Which is free, by the way, YouTube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. If you cannot find it, just send me an email. I'll point you towards it. You should be the 1,300th subscriber. You can do that right now. YouTube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. Let's go to Stuart in Seal Beach. Stuart, hello.

[23:43] **Speaker B:** Hi, Randy. Thank you for taking my call. First of all, on the sewer issue, Um, you know, uh, the people in LA don't realize that they are paying through the roof for sewer compared to Orange County. Uh, my sister has a similar size home, pays about 7 times the amount for sewer that I pay in a month. So it's absolutely ridiculous that they haven't replaced sewers with all the money that they're taking. So somebody should be looking at where the money is going. And then the second issue, uh, that you mentioned was about a socialist taking command of the insurance department, then offering the public option for liability insurance for homeowners. That would create such a nightmare for the state of California to be under that kind of risk and obligation that they have about $1.3 trillion, according to what I'm reading on the internet, in debt that would be rated junk. And they could not sell any more debt. That would bring this state to a complete halt. So what you need is you need an insurance commissioner that can enforce the law and not be out of the country on every junket like this imbecile Ricardo Lara, one of the dumbest people I've ever met, by the way. So, you know, that's what you need to do. You need to reduce the fire problems by getting the goats out there and getting things cut down and all sorts of things. Putting a socialist in that office is a recipe for complete disaster.

[25:16] **Speaker A:** Stewart, how California is it that we passed a bill that might actually wipe out all the goat herders because we want to give them a minimum wage?

[25:25] **Speaker B:** What? I didn't tell you they were intelligent in this state, but that's what we need to do, is get the goats, get rid of the bear on the flag and put a goat on the flag and start letting them do some fire control. Like they do over in Catalina and Palos Verdes and other places. We just need a hell of a lot more of them.

[25:46] **Speaker A:** Yes, we do.

[25:47] **Speaker B:** Have a good weekend, Randy.

[25:49] **Speaker A:** You too. Thanks so much for the call, Stuart. Appreciate it. It is interesting to me the debate between Jane Kim and Ben Allen, if they actually have a debate, because the average Californian knows how bad California is at implementing certain programs. So the fact that people would choose the state— the idea of a state-run plan over the insurance industry— again, I'm admitting it's probably a terrible idea, but I just understand why people would vote that way, because the insurance companies have been doing nothing to help out the people that have been paying them for years and years and years. And anecdotally, every single one of you knows somebody that has been screwed over by their insurance company. And it's not like these companies are broke. They actually had record profits in 2025. I understand why there is that sentiment out there. Is the solution a terrible idea? Probably. But I can see people voting for it because the insurance industry is that unpopular. Something that I'm a big fan of whenever I go up to San Francisco are the Waymos. Big fan of the Waymos. I think much fun, really is its own little tourist attraction. And I know they have them here, but not really, because in LA they're only in downtown LA, Culver City, and Santa Monica, and they can only take you to downtown LA, Culver City, and Santa Monica. So they're not really feasible or usable yet. But when you're in San Francisco, you can take them around the entire city. Now, San Francisco is a much smaller city than LA. San Francisco, the size of a postage stamp. But something about hailing the robot and having it take you from Union Square over to Golden Gate Park to hike around the most beautiful natural splendor there is with your dogs, and then going to get brunch at Cole Valley, and then taking the Waymo back, maybe taking it up to North Beach getting some cocktails at Tony Nick's before you go to Tony's Pizza Napoletana. I can't wait to go back to San Francisco. I'm a big fan of the Waymos, but the Waymos have had some bad press lately, and now they're getting called out by San Francisco Mayor, the most popular mayor in the United States, Daniel Lurie. But I'm not going to 100% blame this one on the Waymos. See, Daniel Lurie sent a letter to Waymo saying that Waymo needs to do better when there's insane gridlock like happened on the 4th of July. And you know what? There were real issues on the 4th of July, including a Waymo that drove through somebody shooting, like drove through an active firework going off that shouldn't have been in the street. And also Waymos being stuck in awful, awful traffic for so long that some of them actually ran out of juice and had to get towed away. Now, the firework one, that's definitely okay. We need to learn about that. Everything Waymo is doing, it's always constantly learning and constantly evolving. I guess it's never been faced with that situation. Just like when they started putting them on the freeway, the one thing they weren't prepared for is what do they do during a construction zone? Okay, so there's more things that we have to add into the algorithm, more things we have to add into the things that Waymo needs to think about. But when it comes to the Waymos ran out of juice because of the horrific traffic, that one might be more on Lurie than anybody else. See, on the 4th of July, it was San Francisco and Daniel Lurie, who again I'm a big supporter of. I think he's doing a very good job. He made a huge deal out about we're going to have this massive fireworks show on the Golden Gate Bridge, which San Francisco is going to San Francisco. And the fog rolled in and nobody could see anything. But still, hundreds of thousands of people came out for this and the city was not prepared. They weren't prepared with public transit. Muni buses were late. They weren't prepared to deal with the increased flow of traffic. Which led to all kinds of insane gridlock, which then included the Waymos being stuck in traffic to the point where they ran out of power. So that one's a little more on how the city mishandled or maybe underestimated how many people would show up to the You Can't See the Fireworks Festival. Now the other issue that Lori pointed out was going back to December of last year, when there was the giant PG&E power outage. And one of the stories that was reported from that big power outage is you had dozens of Waymos that were stranded in the street. And here's what's interesting about that, because a power outage shouldn't really affect an autonomous vehicle that runs on a battery, right? Well, what had happened was Right now, the way Waymos are regulated in California is that the autonomous vehicle, which has all this technology and all these cameras and all these sensors, if you're inside one, it is really impressive. You may be scared to death of these things till you get inside one. I loved it. You may not. I'm a big fan. But one of the regulations that California has on the Waymos is that even though you have all this technology and all these sensors, just to make sure that everything's working okay, the Waymo cannot operate unless it is connected to the internet 100% of the time, which also means we're not getting Waymo in wine country anytime soon because internet connection and cell phone reception in wine country, whether you're talking about Napa, Sonoma, or Santa Ynez, is a disaster. Don't ever try to drive an electric car up to Santa Barbara Wine Country unless you have a Tesla and you get a charge at the Buellton Marriott. It is a nightmare. So if the Waymo can only operate if it's connected to the internet, that means that when there's a massive power outage which knocked out internet service for several parts of San Francisco, especially in the Sunset, The Waymos, even though they had plenty of juice, couldn't move because, like you trying to download a video but your AT&T dropped, it's just sitting there buffering. So that one we might have to actually look at the current regulation. Like, is it necessary? Does the Waymo have to be connected to the internet the whole time? Look, I'm not saying that Waymo isn't blameless and Waymo can definitely improve. I just think for the first time in a while, Lurie has a little egg on his face from the July 4th situation, including how many people were shooting off illegal fireworks in the Mission and nobody was arrested, that he's trying to place the blame somewhere else. That being said, this next Waymo story is pretty horrific. A big guy, a guy in San Francisco who was a big fan of Waymo, even would post on social media how much he loved his Waymos. He was up in the marina, according to him, late at night, about to take the Waymo home, stops at an intersection when all of a sudden some anarchist vandals start assaulting the Waymo while he's inside it, trying to lift the bumper, put some foam around the sensors, smash the windows. And the story that he talks about, it is scary, it is harrowing. And the problem that he had was because the Waymo's number one primary directive is to make sure it doesn't run anybody over. Even if you're being attacked while inside the Waymo, it can't drive away. It can't do it. So this guy came real close from the window shattering and him getting attacked. I don't know what brought this on outside of just some people just want to attack these robot cars. Look how many Waymos got burned in the ICE protests last summer. But he called 911, took SFPD a while to get there. He hit the emergency button on the Waymo and they didn't really know how to respond to that. I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid so you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't, you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy.

[35:36] **Speaker D:** Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building, you're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail, filters ready to clog, HVAC on its last leg. If you wait until something breaks, you're already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[36:06] **Speaker E:** Scrolling with Haley. I am Haley Caronia. I scroll with the homies here in the live chat because there's a lot to scroll through on X, on Instagram, Instagram, on TikTok. Cutting through the clutter, one hot take at a time. Love seeing you all in the chat before the show. I try to jump in just a few minutes before to say hello. I love the chat interaction. Thank you for helping. But I do it to get all the videos and all of the content that you won't find anywhere else. Scrolling with Haley. Just search that up and I will be there. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.

[36:39] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Let's see what's going on this weekend. Football for the People, a live screening of the final game of the World Cup. Street Food Cinema will once again be hosting a big free community screening at the Autry Museum, co-presented by Nithya and the LA Parks Foundation. Football for the People pairs the action shown on a large screen and the lawn with food trucks, photo ops, a vendor marketplace, and the kind of communal sports energy that Angelenos can't get enough of lately. That's at the Autry Museum of the American West, and it's free to go there. The Plumeria Festival at the Arboretum hosts its 12th annual celebration of fragrant flowers that are a hallmark of Hawaii. Though they're actually native to the Caribbean, Mexico, and South America. Shop for exotic plants and floral souvenirs. Walk amid more than 100 flowering trees in the Plumeria Grove. Listen to talks by botanical experts. Make your own leis. Enjoy live entertainment—think Tahitian drumming and Polynesian fire dancing—food trucks, and cocktails. Fun. It's about $18 to get in. That is the LA County Arboretum and Botanical Garden between 9 AM and 2 PM on Saturday, or between 4 and 8 today. And at Gloria Molina Grand Park, we've got Gloria Marina Grand Park's Sunday Sessions. Wind down this weekend with a 5-hour late afternoon dance party on Grand Park's performance lawn during the summer tradition. Oh, it's going to be hot for that. On two Sundays this summer, July 19th and August 16th, head on over to the segment of the park just north of Hill Street. Live DJ sets celebrating the evolution and diverse history of house music. Oh boy. Bring your own picnic gear, hit up the on-site food trucks. There's also a local makers market, a DIY arts and crafts, and a beer garden. And that's going to be free between 3 and 8 PM. Just some of the fun things that are going on. If you'd like to send us an email, you can do so at randywangradio@gmail.com. Sean says, Waymos are everywhere in LA now. West Hollywood, Beverly Hills, all over the Westside, the Valley. They used to be in a limited part of town. Not anymore. Now I will say I have not seen them in the Valley yet.. And I have the Waymo app, and I know they're testing in a lot of those areas, but I don't think you can actually get one in those areas yet. I could be wrong. Believe you me, if I could use one in the Valley and I could take one to LAX, I'd be using that tomorrow instead of an Uber Black or a Lyft Black. But let's just see. Let's open up my Waymo app. I'll tell you right now where I can use it. 'Because I'm in the San Fernando Valley. Can I use it?' 'You're outside of our service area.' Yeah. Okay. The current service area is— it is Beverly Hills. It is West Hollywood. It's Santa Monica. It's Marina del Rey. It's Inglewood. But no, no, no, no, no. It does not go to the San Fernando Valley. Does go to a little bit of Los Feliz and Echo Park and downtown L.A. Of course, you've got it in Skid Row. But it does not go to the valley. Oh, too bad. This is the beginning of a weekend and the beginning of an interesting time for me. I'm not taking next week off, but I am going on kind of a vacation. I'll be working. You'll hear brand new shows of this show every single day, and I'll be live with John Phillips every single day from noon to 3 next week. But I'll be doing it from Canada. I am flying up to Toronto, which is, uh, probably not the best timing considering that, uh, all the wildfires that have been talked about the last couple of days. So I better bring a mask. But I had this trip planned and it cost me an arm and a leg, so I gotta go. I am going to be spending the week because my wife has been working up there the whole summer and I have not seen her in 6 weeks. So I'm going to get to spend the week up there. I'll be broadcasting from the hotel room and then, you know, at night get to go hang out, enjoy the town. I have never been to Toronto. I have never been to Canada. So I really have no idea what to expect outside of the few things that I've talked about that my wife has enjoyed. She really likes this Italian chain up there called Scatabouche, where they make their own fresh mozzarella. Sounds pretty darn good to me, but I don't know what I'm in for. I have no expectations, and sometimes that's really exciting. I'm going to be right in the middle of downtown for most of the week, and I'm just going to kind of, as long as it's safe to go outside, wander, explore, maybe get to know the locals and see what they have to say. I have no expectations. I don't know what I'm about to experience in Toronto, but I am very excited. It is— I haven't really taken an actual vacation this year, and I won't be taking one where I actually take time off for quite some time because we're trying to get this video stuff launched. And, uh, well, it wouldn't be wise to get all this stuff going and then take a week off. So I'm doing a few working trips here and there. Of course, I do a lot in Santa Fe, but I love exploring a new city. I love exploring a new place. And, you know, I'm— maybe it's because I didn't do a lot of it when I was younger and maybe because I'm still, like, active enough. I like every aspect of travel. I don't find the airport— even LAX— I don't really find it to be that big of a headache. I find things that I look forward to. Maybe that's because I have lounge access. Having the lounges really does make it that you look forward to it because you know you're going to have a comfortable— as soon as you get your bags dropped and you're checked in and you're through security until you have to get on the plane, you can enjoy yourself. You can have a drink, as many as you'd like within reason. You can have usually free food. I usually do the American lounges because I have that American card that gets you Admirals Club. It's like a $600 annual fee, and I have made that money back in free margaritas and Bloody Marys, let me tell you that. Uh, I'm gonna be using my Atmos card that I just hit my bonus on and trying the Alaska Lounge because I am flying Porter Air, which, uh, my wife has flown up to Canada a bunch recently, and it's either Porter Air or it's Air Canada, and she said Porter Air is the much better experience. And I am pretty excited about it, especially because apparently even in economy you have a good legroom seat, you don't have a middle seat, And you get like free beer and wine. That being said, their app is terrible and doesn't work at all. So I had to make sure I checked in on the computer because I could not do it on the phone. Hopefully that doesn't mean any kind of ill omen. Have a wonderful weekend, everyone. The next time you hear from me, I'll be in Canada. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're gonna get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char. Especially on my Solaire Infrared Grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire Infrared Grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you. And when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.
