# Iran Plan Revealed, Ty Masterson Gets Trump Nod, Obama Logo Mocked, Springsteen Has Teleprompter, KU Baseball Blows Up, Mgr Q's Worst Day, NBA Tix Soar

**Show:** Kevin Kietzman Has Issues
**Date Published:** 2026-05-26
**Date Found:** 2026-05-26
**URL:** https://www.kkhasissues.com/e/iran-plan-revealed-ty-masterson-gets-trump-nod-obama-logo-mocked-springsteen-has-teleprompter-ku-baseball-blows-up-mgr-qs-worst-day-nba-tix-soar/?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 58 minutes

## Summary

This 58-minute episode of Kevin Kietzman Has Issues mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Kevin Kietzman Has Issues

## Key Moment

> "That's where we are. Dana White likes being a dude, I can tell you that. Like Sydney Sweeney likes being a chick. Dana White likes being a dude. That's the America we're living in. This is such a great time. So many cool things happening. In Los Angeles, Spencer Pratt is running for mayor, and he has— well, he set the hair on fire of all the Dems out there. He created artwork and an image. You've seen all the AI things he does, all his commercials. You know about his campaign. I still think he's going to win. How about— what— think about this. What percentage of Los Angelinos that are eligible to vote in this election, what percentage of them are registered Republican? I'll give you the answer in a moment. Think about that for a second. What percentage of the electorate in the mayoral race are registered Republicans? Anyway, the latest thing Spencer Pratt did was he created a poster and he thought, let's rip off the Obama Hope and Change poster. Remember that one where Obama was multicolor and it was kind of like artwork and made Obama and said hope and change? They did it with Spencer Pratt. It looks just like Obama's poster except it's Spencer Pratt and it says hope and change because that's what's needed in Los Angeles. And it's glorious. They've gone absolutely bonkers over this one because they think it's a slam at Obama and it should be. We should be slamming Obama. We should have been slamming Obama 20 years ago, but we weren't. We're afraid to. Oh, John McCain, oh, they'll think I'm racist if I attack Obama. Mitt Romney, I can't say anything bad about Barry, I'll be a racist. Oh my gosh, it's so much easier and more fun now to just say the truth. It's just out there, and Spencer Pratt's doing it in a huge way. They've gone nuts over this poster. It's blasphemy for the Democrats. For some people, it's like, you know what, he was hoping change, and that was 20 years ago, and it didn't work. That's a good place to start. Only 15% of voters in Los Angeles are registered Republicans. This is a long shot for Spencer Pratt at best. That is the lowest of any major city in America and less than New York. Los Angeles has fewer Republicans than New York City. It's not really close. New York's over 20-some percent registered Republicans. 15% in Los Angeles. I don't think he can win, but man, I'm having fun watching this thing. He went on a podcast, was asked, what are you going to do with these 40,000 homeless people when you clean it up? And he said, well, you know, I've got a plan. I put a 9-minute video out. I've got the whole plan online. The guy goes, yeah, but what are you going to do with these people? And he kept pushing him, and Spencer Pratt goes, it's gonna be easy, they're all moving to Seattle. And the podcaster's like, what? He's like, you don't understand, these aren't homeless people, these are mentally ill drug addicts that we're taking care of for no reason. And if we stop taking care of them, they'll go to cities that will. He's like, these 40,000 people are moving to Seattle, the mayor there has made it very clear She wants them. She's like, bring 'em, bring your drugs, bring your animal abuse, bring your free needles, bring it all to Seattle. That's all this is, folks. They're mentally ill drug addicts. They're not homeless. They're all capable of getting— well, not all— most are capable of getting mental health treatment and assimilating back into society. They haven't been homeless since they were babies. They found their way there. How did they find their way there? Mental illness and drug addiction. Spencer Pratt is right. He's like, I don't have to clean them up. I kick them off the streets. They're gonna go elsewhere. If we enforce the laws and don't let them do this, they're gonna go to a city that allows it. As your mayor, I'm not going to allow it. He's right. They're gonna wind up in Seattle, probably. Well, San Francisco's got a better mayor. Trying to clean San Francisco up. They'll find the places. They find the weak spots. You can be mentally ill and you can be a drug addict. That does not mean you're imprisoned as a stupid person the rest of your life. If, if all you crave is drugs and an existence in the street, you're gonna find a place that allows you to do that. You'll go to No Ends to do it. The weekend started with Giants quarterback Jackson Dart introducing Donald Trump at an event in New York, and he was proud to do it. Jackson Dart and his girlfriend might be the best-looking couple in America. I'll be a Giants fan. I got no problem being a Giants fan. They're not playing the Chiefs. This will be easy. I'll do this. Jackson Dart's all MAGA. Their quarterback, who looks like he's a tremendous young talent, he now has the right head coach. Jon Harbaugh is the head coach of the Giants. You may recall he was in the Oval Office this offseason with his brother Jim, hanging out with Trump, taking pictures, giving him cool jerseys and stuff. Linebacker Abdul Carter plays for the Giants. He saw Jackson Dart introduced to the president. He's like, what? What is this? He goes, I thought it was AI. And he's not happy. He's like, come on, dude. Folks, you can't do this. Abdul Carter, no, no, no, no, no. That's an old Obama thing. We don't allow this anymore. It's not allowed. Each side can do whatever they want. It's equal play now. Okay, all that George Floyd, all that kneeling, all those anthems, all that crap. The dudes in your locker room on the right just put up with it and allowed it as adults do. You do your thing, I'll do mine, whatever. Harrison Butker gave a speech, people went nuts. Jackson Dart introduces the president, his teammate goes crazy. Abdul Carter loves Lawrence Taylor so much in the Giants. Great linebacker. Please don't tell him that Lawrence Taylor is a Trump guy and was at a Trump rally. Abdul Carter may lose his mind here. He's a young player. He needs to shut up and play football. I don't think the Giants players that are overly liberal know what's about to happen. They're about to have a football team that is fair and tough and well-coached, and accountability will exist for each teammate within another, and there will be no politics within the wall, and we're all going to row in one direction, and we're going to learn what it's like to try to be exceptional. That has not existed around the New York Giants for a long time. It's about to happen. I'm not guaranteeing you that Jon Harbaugh and Jackson Dart are going to win a Super Bowl. I like Jon Harbaugh's chances with Jackson Dart a lot better than I did with him in Baltimore. I do. He's got a better chance with Jackson Dart. I'm, I'm, I'm in. Pop some popcorn. I'm ready to watch the Giants. No big deal. Here's a media note. If you ever wondered if traditional media are financially or as a business model in trouble, we got an unbelievable example driving back from Oklahoma. Driving back through Oklahoma from Arizona this weekend. Saturday night, um, we took off— I gotta just get my dates right. Yeah, we took off Saturday morning early. We were set to drive about 12 hours and stop in a town called Weatherford, Oklahoma. It's getting into the evening hours. I'm like, well, Oklahoma City's playing San Antonio. We're leaving Texas, we're entering Oklahoma, and I'm looking for the NBA game on the radio. And I can't find it. I can't find it. You have the Western Conference Finals, NBA teams in Texas and Oklahoma, and I can't find the game. There were multiple baseball games on radio. So that was going on. I couldn't find it. When I eventually got it, when I got into Oklahoma, I got close enough to like Weatherford. I still wasn't close enough to Oklahoma City to get their broadcast, which is 98.7, the Sports Animal. But I found it on like 98.1. And I'm listening to the game that I caught at halftime, and the halftime show's awful. The guys that are on, I'm like, ooh, this isn't good. They're just not very good. This is the Oklahoma City Thunder broadcast of the Western Conference Finals at San Antonio. Then the game starts back up, like, okay, they're the NBA champions, the guy's got to be great. This must be a really good broadcast. It's like a very important thing in Oklahoma City. And the guy was all right. But he's all alone. There's no analyst. They're not paying an analyst to be on with him for the Western Conference Finals. And he's clearly— I said, Jessica, she goes, why does this sound so bad? I said, because he's sitting in Oklahoma City watching a monitor in a studio of a game that's in San Antonio. She said, what? I said, he's not at the game. They're not paying for a crew to travel to the games. That's unbelievable. They're in the Western Conference Finals. The Oklahoma City Thunder, the favorite again to win it all, have an announcer sitting in a studio in Oklahoma City calling the game, watching on a television monitor. It was awful. These companies are broke. Uh, broke rhymes with woke. Let's end the news portion here with Bruce Springsteen, who's on his concert tour. He was in Boston this weekend. And apparently gets tired because he likes to sit down now on stage. When he sits down on stage, he starts giving a mini speech. He starts, um, monologuing, I guess would be the way, preaching. This is unreal. It's all anti-Trump, anti-Elon Musk. This is a billionaire, Bruce Springsteen, complaining about other billionaires. That's right, Springsteen on stage with his lesbian haircut that he has. Ellen DeGeneres haircut's what he's got. He looks like Ellen. Bruce Springsteen's on stage, sits down, and starts reading from a teleprompter bashing Trump and Elon Musk. Can't make that up. Previously known as the greatest performing live rock star ever, Bruce Springsteen is ruining all of it because that's what people do when they go woke. Folks, Window World's offering 0% financing up to 36 months on American-made windows, siding, and doors. They're easy, affordable, and beautiful. Locations in Independence and Lenexa. Complimentary in-home estimates. Energy Star partner. Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval. Number one choice in Kansas City. You will save money. Call 800-GET-WINDOWS. Mention the podcast. 800-GET-WINDOWS. Or you can call the local number 816-799-0820. Window World is online at windowskansascity.com. Ideal Health is Kansas City's regenerative medicine clinic. Dr. Kip Van Camp was really the first person in a meaningful way in the Kansas City area to practice regenerative medicine. It began as a family mission as he was helping his dad many, many years ago try to find alternative treatments to what was not really helping him. Dr. Van Camp learned a lot in those days. It was sort of, um, it wasn't really mainstream, and he didn't care. He's like, no, this— the concept of this work is fantastic. You take something from my body and put it back in the place where it needs it, enhance it and put it back in there through blood spinning or whatever it may be, or stem cell tissue, and it works for most people. It absolutely helps you get rid of pain. It can help with all kinds of long-term or onset diseases like Parkinson's or Alzheimer's. IdealHealthKC.com for a consultation. Schedule it today at 913-745-5300. That's online at IdealHealthKC.com. Oh, my friends at B Stock are at it again in Olathe. Blink video doorbell cameras. By Amazon will integrate with Prime members, your Prime membership. $29.99 for the video doorbells. That's it. They're like Ring cameras for $29. They're called Blink, not Ring. They're called Blink. No limit, folks. If you want to buy all these and put them online and sell them yourself, you could probably double your money. He's, he's got so many of them, they gotta go. They got, apparently they got pallets and pallets of these things. Blink video doorbells by Amazon. $29.99. They're having a home security system sale right now at BStock.net. They've got everything— cameras of all kinds, solar chargers, you name it, they've got it. And don't forget their graduation special. They do it every year. Buy a Windows laptop and any size television and get the mini refrigerator free. That's it. Now, they always have a laptop available for $99, and any size TV— a small one for your dorm— I mean, you might be able to do this for like $200 and get the fridge free. That's a heck of a deal. Bstock.net, 14680 South Flaming Road in Olathe. How about those Kansas Jayhawks? Are you kidding me? So last Thursday, Jessica and I went to the game, Kansas against Baylor in the Big 12 tournament in Surprise, Arizona. I wound up getting sick later in the day, but that's a whole other deal, and into Friday. It was not good, had nothing to do with the baseball game. You sit where you want, and the shade was increasingly getting closer to the third base dugout as the game went on. We moved each row with the shade. Every few minutes, another row would be in the shade. There's nobody down there. It was all general admission seating. So we kept moving down and getting in the shade, getting in the shade. These guys in this dugout, I counted 39 dudes in uniform. I know the roster's only 34, but they got some walk-ons in there that can't play. They got, I don't know what they got going, guys that just shag balls. This is team vibe. Everything the Royals are not, KU baseball is. Obviously it's a different level, okay? But this manager, Dan Fitzgerald, is not a rah-rah guy. He doesn't walk up and down the dugout. He doesn't pat every player on the butt that walks by. He's not. He stands there stoic. He lets them be themselves. They understand the rules. About which you play Kansas baseball, how you go about this. And it's clear there are rules. You will come to the park, you will take care of your own gear. Nobody's going to take care of you. Carry your own bag, get your own stuff organized, work out, whatever. You're on your own. Be a great teammate. You will have fun, and you will play hard and smart at every turn. No, zero lollygagging. This dugout's insane. They got squirt guns in there. They take entire packs of gum and stuff their mouths. And, and, you know, the Zinn is everywhere and the Gatorade and the things that they do. And they, they heckle and tease at the other— they cheer, they're making noise. At one point they had a belching contest going on in the dugout. These dudes have got swagger. KU baseball is not loaded with a whole bunch of major league prospects. They're not the most talented team in the NCAA postseason tournament. Let me tell you what I'm going to guarantee you right now, because I felt it for 3 hours sitting around them. This outfit, since they started this year— and he put this team together with a bunch of JUCO kids, bringing them in— this team has never taken the field with anything other than an absolute resolve and confidence that they're about to kick somebody's ass. That's it. We're here, we're going to kick your ass, and we're gonna go home. That's it. Now, they've lost some games. They've lost 16 times this year. They're 42-16, but they are so certain they're gonna win. It's unbelievable. It was so much fun enjoying that game with them. They're impossible to not root for. They play really smart. Ketcher hits a home run in the first inning. KU goes up second inning, maybe they go up, they got a 2-0 lead. So, you know, you can hot dog it, he could take the rest of the game off, he's the man, right? The whole thing. This dude, and he got in trouble for a bat flip, and you know, they do that, they're going to get in trouble for bat flips, they're that team. Later in the game, he hits a pop-up, the one behind home plate that's a hard catch for the catcher, the one that you know because the ball's spinning comes back toward fair territory. Catcher's having trouble. Third baseman comes in and about— it's still the dirt in front of home plate. Like, it's right up close to home plate. The third baseman makes the catch. Where do you think big stud home run hitter is when the ball is caught? Striding into second base. Didn't even know if it wind up fair. Hit that pop-up. Of course he's going to be out. He's like, nope, out of the box he goes, running like a bat out of hell, and he's on second base when the third baseman catches it. It's one of the few times I saw Fitzgerald make a comment to the players. He came off the field, he was out, he came running across the diamond, went in the dugout right by his manager, and Dan Fitzgerald said, nice swing. Didn't say good hustle because that's expected. He said, nice swing, put a good swing on it. You popped it up, you put a good swing on it. Uh, Friday they play Northeastern. Hoagland Stadium had a record crowd this year of 2,617. It was an overflow game against Nebraska. They're bringing in temporary bleachers. Apparently they can expand this thing out to 4,500 people. If you want to see— they're not the Savannah Bananas, that's not it. They're not showboats, they're not catching the ball behind their back, they're not that. This is just a group of guys that loves to play baseball, and it's hard to beat, man. I'm, I'm— it sounds ridiculous. They remind me so much of my high school baseball team. They just remind me of that. We were squirrely and goofy, and we knew we were going to win, and other teams didn't like us. We weren't that likable to the opponent. I get it. They're not disrespectful to the other opponent. It's just, it's annoying. They're annoying. It's constant chatter. They're going to play Northeastern Friday. Arkansas and Missouri State are also in the regional. Kansas has an 84 0.96% chance of winning this regional. The Royals have an 84.96% chance of losing to the Yankees every game in the series. Boy, did they blow this thing on Monday. The Royals got a solo home run for Salvador Perez to tie the game, a solo home run from Bobby Witt to take the lead. Then they brought in Lucas Erceg to save the game in the 9th inning. Here's the problem: we're driving through— I don't know where— yesterday, somewhere in Texas, um, Sunday. Listening to the Royals game, Ryan Lefever and Danny Matthews, and they're like, why is Erceg pitching the 9th inning? The Royals, I think, were up 8-3 against Seattle, and Erceg had warmed up the inning before because the game was closer. Then the Royals got insurance runs. Since he'd warmed up, Quintero thought, well, let's bring him in to pitch. Still a bad idea. Closers don't like to pitch in 5-run games. They don't. So in he comes and he's ineffective and he winds up with the tying run at the plate and getting the out and the Royals win one. It was by the skin of their teeth on Sunday where Urshak should have never been in the game. Never. And everybody knew it. Denny, you're talking about it. Ryan, I'm like, Jessica, this is nuts. Urshak threw 32 pitches. Ryan comments, well, that'll do it for at least one game of the Yankees series unavailable. And I said to Jessica, yeah, like tomorrow. He can't pitch tomorrow. I think she made a quip like, well, there won't be a save situation tomorrow, it's the Yankees. I'm like, you're probably right. Oh, but there was a save situation because the Royals got what they've been looking for all year. They're playing maybe the best team in the American League, they're down a run, Salvi hits a bomb, Bobby hits a bomb, now you're winning. Uh-oh, your closer threw 32 pitches the day before for no freaking reason at all. Worse yet, Daniel Lynch had just pitched a beautiful 8th inning, throwing 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 pitches. And he brought Daniel Lynch out and brought Urshig in, who blew the game because he'd thrown 32 the day before. It's almost a fireable offense. To watch a manager manage like that is just astonishing to me. Anthony Volpe with a 2-run single in the 9th. Yankees win it 4-3. Erceg gave up 4 hits and 2 runs in the 9th after Daniel Lynch had thrown 8 pitches. How— for God's sake, how many they throw in the bullpen warming up? 8 pitches, Lynch, and he didn't bring him back in the 9th. Don't you just bring that guy back for at least one out? If somebody gets on base, you bring her— I don't know. I mean, Lynch has been the Royals' best reliever by a million miles. Maybe you make the move right now for him to closer. Fernando Tatis is a baseball player, Padres. In 2017, he signed a contract he thought was a loan. He was borrowing money as he was a future, hopeful future star in baseball, one of the top 10 prospects. So he signs a $2 million, what he thought was a loan agreement. It was not a loan agreement. It has become public now through a lawsuit. Tatis is suing the people that lent him— gave him, gave him, gave him— they didn't loan it, they gave it to him. They gave him $2 million in exchange for 10% of his future earnings. This is like buying 10% of a company. For $2 million, they bought 10% of Fernando Tatis's career. Well, he owes them nearly $40 million now because he has a $400 million contract. And the court says, get this crap out of here. You signed this, deal with it. This is your problem. No, you're not suing these people. You want to sue somebody, sue your agent or your lawyer for not disclosing how stupid this would be to sign this. He's got to pay them all the way through his career. What a great contract those people did for their $2 million payment to Fernando Tatis when he had no money. Golfers get this, or used to frequently. From sponsors. The best golfers now don't do this because they get shoe deals and stuff before they're out there, but the lesser players need money to go out on tour. You can be qualified to play on the PGA Tour and not have enough money to do it. It costs a lot of money to go out there. You have to pay for all of it yourself. You're your own business. So they take on sponsors, and for some of these lesser players, they may find a sponsor. Typically, these are people that they know. The agents aren't finding them. And somebody will say, here's $100,000 in travel expenses, sign this deal. And it says if you reach this threshold over the next 2 years of earnings, you'll pay it all back. If you reach this threshold, you'll pay back up to another $100,000, double the money. Yes, I would like my money back. Most sponsors in golf say, I'll sponsor you and help you with your career. I just want my money back. They're normally rich people that are not in this game to make money. That's not what Tatis did. He found some loan sharks, said, we'll take 10% of your future earnings. Golfers don't really do it that way, uh, but they do get money up front, a lot of golfers. And for many of these people, it'd be like investing in a college player, somebody you know. You invest it and then the money's just gone. You're never going to get it back because the player never amounts to whatever. That's crazy. Tatis owes all that money. The Indy 500 was the closest ever. Felix Rosenquist Daring move down the stretch, was tied for second with a teammate. He just shoots right past David Maloukas in a breathtaking finish by a nose. The Indy 500 was the best I've ever seen. It was just phenomenal. The in-car videos of him making that move at the end— if you haven't seen it, please go find it. I know it's probably not your thing. My God, those Indy cars are unbelievable. They're so awesome and fast. This was on a weekend where racing honored Kyle Busch, who died at age 41 last week. Terrible, terrible tragedy. Uh, but we got a great Indy 500. If you haven't seen it, go watch the highlights. The NBA Finals are getting set. I mentioned them before about the announcer in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma City and San Antonio are playing Tuesday night, tied at 2 games each in their series. I feel like whoever wins Oklahoma City-San Antonio is going to win the thing, but I got people who know more about the NBA than me saying don't sleep on the Knicks. The Knicks weren't even the 1 seed. But they just swept Cleveland. You saw Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift at the Cleveland game over the weekend, and Travis chugging the beer. And boy, did he blow this. The idea is to chug the beer, have it go viral, and everybody see that it's Garage Beer, which is his brand. They gave him a can that when you chug it, it was like the blank side of the can with no logo. That's just Travis being Travis. That's just bad marketing. You didn't have the can that's perfect so the cameras catch what the logo is? Oh, anyway, you did the publicity. They don't sell garage beer, and if they do at the Cleveland games, they don't sell the 12-ounce cans. They sell the big pounders or whatever. And he's sitting there at the Cavs game slamming one of these things, doesn't even get the logo on TV. Anyway, the Knicks rout Cleveland 4 games to none. A dude goes on StubHub and is looking to buy 2 tickets to Madison Square Garden for the finals. The Knicks are in for the first time in 27 years. This is one of the reasons why you go to TicketsForLess.com. This guy spent $279,804 for 2 seats to the Knicks game at the finals. They have not been in the finals since— in 27 years. I don't know, the last time the Knicks won the title was at the '70s or something. This is a big deal in New York. The Knicks are going to make you sick. Their fans are gonna make you sick. Whoever wins, Oklahoma City or San Antonio, is the team you want to root for. They're immediately gonna make you sick, trust me. Our final final today is brought to you by Premier Custom Care in-home care plans to keep your loved ones at home as long as you can. It's where they treat you like family. It's much more than words at Premier Custom Care. They live it every single day with your family. PremierCustomCare.com. Also now hiring Caregivers, compassionate caregivers. Call 816-531-2210. PremierCustomCare.com. Advantage Termite and Pest Control, one call does it all. Spiders, crickets, stink bugs, whatever you're seeing right now. Frogs, need some frogs relocated. Mice. They also do lawn and irrigation services. Advantage Termite and Pest Control, online at AdvantageTPC.com. 913-768-8989. My buddy Tony yesterday showed me his phone. He popped it up. He goes, look, I got an alert. Here's when they're going to be here. Tuesday at 2 o'clock, they're going to be here. I'm like, they're just the best. They stay right in touch and communicate the whole way through. AdvantageTpc.com. And North Kansas City Dental. I'm trying hard to get my mom to switch. If any of you have tips for getting your parent who's wiser, older, and more experienced than you to do something like— why don't you switch to NKC Dental, Mom? It's a great sponsor of the podcast. Why don't you— oh no, I've been with— I'm taking her to a dental appointment in a couple of weeks and I feel a little dirty about it. I may just drive her over 133rd and Row and take her to NKC Dental. I don't know. I gotta find a way to get her to switch. Dr. Bill Bush at nkcdental.com. 3 locations in Kansas City. Our final final is not a new story. In fact, it's an old story. It's several years old, and I didn't know this story until this weekend. A man named Richard Varone in North Carolina walked into a bank, handed the teller a note, said, I have a loaded gun and I'm robbing you. I want $1. She did what she does. She hit the button, did whatever. Apparently the man at this point turns around and surrenders to security guard, raises his hand, says, "You got me," and they catch him and they turn him over to the police. He is arrested, convicted, and sentenced to 3 years in prison for robbing a bank for $1. Richard Verone was 59 years old at the time. He had no job and no health insurance. He had a very large protrusion on his chest. Didn't know exactly what it was, believed it was some sort of a tumor. They locked him up in federal jail where he got 2 free surgeries, all healthcare expenses paid for, was released in less than 3 years completely healthy and had no regrets. Wow. He did it to stay alive. Robbed a bank for a dollar so the government would pay for everything, and he stayed alive. Your final final today at Kevin Keatsman Has Issues."
> — Speaker B at 28:11
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [28:11] Speaker B: "That's where we are. Dana White likes being a dude, I can tell you that. Like Sydney Sweeney likes being a chick. Dana White likes being a dude. That's the America we're living in. This is such a great time. So many cool things happening. In Los Angeles, Spencer Pratt is running for mayor, and he has— well, he set the hair on fire of all the Dems out there. He created artwork and an image. You've seen all the AI things he does, all his commercials. You know about his campaign. I still think he's going to win. How about— what— think about this. What percentage of Los Angelinos that are eligible to vote in this election, what percentage of them are registered Republican? I'll give you the answer in a moment. Think about that for a second. What percentage of the electorate in the mayoral race are registered Republicans? Anyway, the latest thing Spencer Pratt did was he created a poster and he thought, let's rip off the Obama Hope and Change poster. Remember that one where Obama was multicolor and it was kind of like artwork and made Obama and said hope and change? They did it with Spencer Pratt. It looks just like Obama's poster except it's Spencer Pratt and it says hope and change because that's what's needed in Los Angeles. And it's glorious. They've gone absolutely bonkers over this one because they think it's a slam at Obama and it should be. We should be slamming Obama. We should have been slamming Obama 20 years ago, but we weren't. We're afraid to. Oh, John McCain, oh, they'll think I'm racist if I attack Obama. Mitt Romney, I can't say anything bad about Barry, I'll be a racist. Oh my gosh, it's so much easier and more fun now to just say the truth. It's just out there, and Spencer Pratt's doing it in a huge way. They've gone nuts over this poster. It's blasphemy for the Democrats. For some people, it's like, you know what, he was hoping change, and that was 20 years ago, and it didn't work. That's a good place to start. Only 15% of voters in Los Angeles are registered Republicans. This is a long shot for Spencer Pratt at best. That is the lowest of any major city in America and less than New York. Los Angeles has fewer Republicans than New York City. It's not really close. New York's over 20-some percent registered Republicans. 15% in Los Angeles. I don't think he can win, but man, I'm having fun watching this thing. He went on a podcast, was asked, what are you going to do with these 40,000 homeless people when you clean it up? And he said, well, you know, I've got a plan. I put a 9-minute video out. I've got the whole plan online. The guy goes, yeah, but what are you going to do with these people? And he kept pushing him, and Spencer Pratt goes, it's gonna be easy, they're all moving to Seattle. And the podcaster's like, what? He's like, you don't understand, these aren't homeless people, these are mentally ill drug addicts that we're taking care of for no reason. And if we stop taking care of them, they'll go to cities that will. He's like, these 40,000 people are moving to Seattle, the mayor there has made it very clear She wants them. She's like, bring 'em, bring your drugs, bring your animal abuse, bring your free needles, bring it all to Seattle. That's all this is, folks. They're mentally ill drug addicts. They're not homeless. They're all capable of getting— well, not all— most are capable of getting mental health treatment and assimilating back into society. They haven't been homeless since they were babies. They found their way there. How did they find their way there? Mental illness and drug addiction. Spencer Pratt is right. He's like, I don't have to clean them up. I kick them off the streets. They're gonna go elsewhere. If we enforce the laws and don't let them do this, they're gonna go to a city that allows it. As your mayor, I'm not going to allow it. He's right. They're gonna wind up in Seattle, probably. Well, San Francisco's got a better mayor. Trying to clean San Francisco up. They'll find the places. They find the weak spots. You can be mentally ill and you can be a drug addict. That does not mean you're imprisoned as a stupid person the rest of your life. If, if all you crave is drugs and an existence in the street, you're gonna find a place that allows you to do that. You'll go to No Ends to do it. The weekend started with Giants quarterback Jackson Dart introducing Donald Trump at an event in New York, and he was proud to do it. Jackson Dart and his girlfriend might be the best-looking couple in America. I'll be a Giants fan. I got no problem being a Giants fan. They're not playing the Chiefs. This will be easy. I'll do this. Jackson Dart's all MAGA. Their quarterback, who looks like he's a tremendous young talent, he now has the right head coach. Jon Harbaugh is the head coach of the Giants. You may recall he was in the Oval Office this offseason with his brother Jim, hanging out with Trump, taking pictures, giving him cool jerseys and stuff. Linebacker Abdul Carter plays for the Giants. He saw Jackson Dart introduced to the president. He's like, what? What is this? He goes, I thought it was AI. And he's not happy. He's like, come on, dude. Folks, you can't do this. Abdul Carter, no, no, no, no, no. That's an old Obama thing. We don't allow this anymore. It's not allowed. Each side can do whatever they want. It's equal play now. Okay, all that George Floyd, all that kneeling, all those anthems, all that crap. The dudes in your locker room on the right just put up with it and allowed it as adults do. You do your thing, I'll do mine, whatever. Harrison Butker gave a speech, people went nuts. Jackson Dart introduces the president, his teammate goes crazy. Abdul Carter loves Lawrence Taylor so much in the Giants. Great linebacker. Please don't tell him that Lawrence Taylor is a Trump guy and was at a Trump rally. Abdul Carter may lose his mind here. He's a young player. He needs to shut up and play football. I don't think the Giants players that are overly liberal know what's about to happen. They're about to have a football team that is fair and tough and well-coached, and accountability will exist for each teammate within another, and there will be no politics within the wall, and we're all going to row in one direction, and we're going to learn what it's like to try to be exceptional. That has not existed around the New York Giants for a long time. It's about to happen. I'm not guaranteeing you that Jon Harbaugh and Jackson Dart are going to win a Super Bowl. I like Jon Harbaugh's chances with Jackson Dart a lot better than I did with him in Baltimore. I do. He's got a better chance with Jackson Dart. I'm, I'm, I'm in. Pop some popcorn. I'm ready to watch the Giants. No big deal. Here's a media note. If you ever wondered if traditional media are financially or as a business model in trouble, we got an unbelievable example driving back from Oklahoma. Driving back through Oklahoma from Arizona this weekend. Saturday night, um, we took off— I gotta just get my dates right. Yeah, we took off Saturday morning early. We were set to drive about 12 hours and stop in a town called Weatherford, Oklahoma. It's getting into the evening hours. I'm like, well, Oklahoma City's playing San Antonio. We're leaving Texas, we're entering Oklahoma, and I'm looking for the NBA game on the radio. And I can't find it. I can't find it. You have the Western Conference Finals, NBA teams in Texas and Oklahoma, and I can't find the game. There were multiple baseball games on radio. So that was going on. I couldn't find it. When I eventually got it, when I got into Oklahoma, I got close enough to like Weatherford. I still wasn't close enough to Oklahoma City to get their broadcast, which is 98.7, the Sports Animal. But I found it on like 98.1. And I'm listening to the game that I caught at halftime, and the halftime show's awful. The guys that are on, I'm like, ooh, this isn't good. They're just not very good. This is the Oklahoma City Thunder broadcast of the Western Conference Finals at San Antonio. Then the game starts back up, like, okay, they're the NBA champions, the guy's got to be great. This must be a really good broadcast. It's like a very important thing in Oklahoma City. And the guy was all right. But he's all alone. There's no analyst. They're not paying an analyst to be on with him for the Western Conference Finals. And he's clearly— I said, Jessica, she goes, why does this sound so bad? I said, because he's sitting in Oklahoma City watching a monitor in a studio of a game that's in San Antonio. She said, what? I said, he's not at the game. They're not paying for a crew to travel to the games. That's unbelievable. They're in the Western Conference Finals. The Oklahoma City Thunder, the favorite again to win it all, have an announcer sitting in a studio in Oklahoma City calling the game, watching on a television monitor. It was awful. These companies are broke. Uh, broke rhymes with woke. Let's end the news portion here with Bruce Springsteen, who's on his concert tour. He was in Boston this weekend. And apparently gets tired because he likes to sit down now on stage. When he sits down on stage, he starts giving a mini speech. He starts, um, monologuing, I guess would be the way, preaching. This is unreal. It's all anti-Trump, anti-Elon Musk. This is a billionaire, Bruce Springsteen, complaining about other billionaires. That's right, Springsteen on stage with his lesbian haircut that he has. Ellen DeGeneres haircut's what he's got. He looks like Ellen. Bruce Springsteen's on stage, sits down, and starts reading from a teleprompter bashing Trump and Elon Musk. Can't make that up. Previously known as the greatest performing live rock star ever, Bruce Springsteen is ruining all of it because that's what people do when they go woke. Folks, Window World's offering 0% financing up to 36 months on American-made windows, siding, and doors. They're easy, affordable, and beautiful. Locations in Independence and Lenexa. Complimentary in-home estimates. Energy Star partner. Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval. Number one choice in Kansas City. You will save money. Call 800-GET-WINDOWS. Mention the podcast. 800-GET-WINDOWS. Or you can call the local number 816-799-0820. Window World is online at windowskansascity.com. Ideal Health is Kansas City's regenerative medicine clinic. Dr. Kip Van Camp was really the first person in a meaningful way in the Kansas City area to practice regenerative medicine. It began as a family mission as he was helping his dad many, many years ago try to find alternative treatments to what was not really helping him. Dr. Van Camp learned a lot in those days. It was sort of, um, it wasn't really mainstream, and he didn't care. He's like, no, this— the concept of this work is fantastic. You take something from my body and put it back in the place where it needs it, enhance it and put it back in there through blood spinning or whatever it may be, or stem cell tissue, and it works for most people. It absolutely helps you get rid of pain. It can help with all kinds of long-term or onset diseases like Parkinson's or Alzheimer's. IdealHealthKC.com for a consultation. Schedule it today at 913-745-5300. That's online at IdealHealthKC.com. Oh, my friends at B Stock are at it again in Olathe. Blink video doorbell cameras. By Amazon will integrate with Prime members, your Prime membership. $29.99 for the video doorbells. That's it. They're like Ring cameras for $29. They're called Blink, not Ring. They're called Blink. No limit, folks. If you want to buy all these and put them online and sell them yourself, you could probably double your money. He's, he's got so many of them, they gotta go. They got, apparently they got pallets and pallets of these things. Blink video doorbells by Amazon. $29.99. They're having a home security system sale right now at BStock.net. They've got everything— cameras of all kinds, solar chargers, you name it, they've got it. And don't forget their graduation special. They do it every year. Buy a Windows laptop and any size television and get the mini refrigerator free. That's it. Now, they always have a laptop available for $99, and any size TV— a small one for your dorm— I mean, you might be able to do this for like $200 and get the fridge free. That's a heck of a deal. Bstock.net, 14680 South Flaming Road in Olathe. How about those Kansas Jayhawks? Are you kidding me? So last Thursday, Jessica and I went to the game, Kansas against Baylor in the Big 12 tournament in Surprise, Arizona. I wound up getting sick later in the day, but that's a whole other deal, and into Friday. It was not good, had nothing to do with the baseball game. You sit where you want, and the shade was increasingly getting closer to the third base dugout as the game went on. We moved each row with the shade. Every few minutes, another row would be in the shade. There's nobody down there. It was all general admission seating. So we kept moving down and getting in the shade, getting in the shade. These guys in this dugout, I counted 39 dudes in uniform. I know the roster's only 34, but they got some walk-ons in there that can't play. They got, I don't know what they got going, guys that just shag balls. This is team vibe. Everything the Royals are not, KU baseball is. Obviously it's a different level, okay? But this manager, Dan Fitzgerald, is not a rah-rah guy. He doesn't walk up and down the dugout. He doesn't pat every player on the butt that walks by. He's not. He stands there stoic. He lets them be themselves. They understand the rules. About which you play Kansas baseball, how you go about this. And it's clear there are rules. You will come to the park, you will take care of your own gear. Nobody's going to take care of you. Carry your own bag, get your own stuff organized, work out, whatever. You're on your own. Be a great teammate. You will have fun, and you will play hard and smart at every turn. No, zero lollygagging. This dugout's insane. They got squirt guns in there. They take entire packs of gum and stuff their mouths. And, and, you know, the Zinn is everywhere and the Gatorade and the things that they do. And they, they heckle and tease at the other— they cheer, they're making noise. At one point they had a belching contest going on in the dugout. These dudes have got swagger. KU baseball is not loaded with a whole bunch of major league prospects. They're not the most talented team in the NCAA postseason tournament. Let me tell you what I'm going to guarantee you right now, because I felt it for 3 hours sitting around them. This outfit, since they started this year— and he put this team together with a bunch of JUCO kids, bringing them in— this team has never taken the field with anything other than an absolute resolve and confidence that they're about to kick somebody's ass. That's it. We're here, we're going to kick your ass, and we're gonna go home. That's it. Now, they've lost some games. They've lost 16 times this year. They're 42-16, but they are so certain they're gonna win. It's unbelievable. It was so much fun enjoying that game with them. They're impossible to not root for. They play really smart. Ketcher hits a home run in the first inning. KU goes up second inning, maybe they go up, they got a 2-0 lead. So, you know, you can hot dog it, he could take the rest of the game off, he's the man, right? The whole thing. This dude, and he got in trouble for a bat flip, and you know, they do that, they're going to get in trouble for bat flips, they're that team. Later in the game, he hits a pop-up, the one behind home plate that's a hard catch for the catcher, the one that you know because the ball's spinning comes back toward fair territory. Catcher's having trouble. Third baseman comes in and about— it's still the dirt in front of home plate. Like, it's right up close to home plate. The third baseman makes the catch. Where do you think big stud home run hitter is when the ball is caught? Striding into second base. Didn't even know if it wind up fair. Hit that pop-up. Of course he's going to be out. He's like, nope, out of the box he goes, running like a bat out of hell, and he's on second base when the third baseman catches it. It's one of the few times I saw Fitzgerald make a comment to the players. He came off the field, he was out, he came running across the diamond, went in the dugout right by his manager, and Dan Fitzgerald said, nice swing. Didn't say good hustle because that's expected. He said, nice swing, put a good swing on it. You popped it up, you put a good swing on it. Uh, Friday they play Northeastern. Hoagland Stadium had a record crowd this year of 2,617. It was an overflow game against Nebraska. They're bringing in temporary bleachers. Apparently they can expand this thing out to 4,500 people. If you want to see— they're not the Savannah Bananas, that's not it. They're not showboats, they're not catching the ball behind their back, they're not that. This is just a group of guys that loves to play baseball, and it's hard to beat, man. I'm, I'm— it sounds ridiculous. They remind me so much of my high school baseball team. They just remind me of that. We were squirrely and goofy, and we knew we were going to win, and other teams didn't like us. We weren't that likable to the opponent. I get it. They're not disrespectful to the other opponent. It's just, it's annoying. They're annoying. It's constant chatter. They're going to play Northeastern Friday. Arkansas and Missouri State are also in the regional. Kansas has an 84 0.96% chance of winning this regional. The Royals have an 84.96% chance of losing to the Yankees every game in the series. Boy, did they blow this thing on Monday. The Royals got a solo home run for Salvador Perez to tie the game, a solo home run from Bobby Witt to take the lead. Then they brought in Lucas Erceg to save the game in the 9th inning. Here's the problem: we're driving through— I don't know where— yesterday, somewhere in Texas, um, Sunday. Listening to the Royals game, Ryan Lefever and Danny Matthews, and they're like, why is Erceg pitching the 9th inning? The Royals, I think, were up 8-3 against Seattle, and Erceg had warmed up the inning before because the game was closer. Then the Royals got insurance runs. Since he'd warmed up, Quintero thought, well, let's bring him in to pitch. Still a bad idea. Closers don't like to pitch in 5-run games. They don't. So in he comes and he's ineffective and he winds up with the tying run at the plate and getting the out and the Royals win one. It was by the skin of their teeth on Sunday where Urshak should have never been in the game. Never. And everybody knew it. Denny, you're talking about it. Ryan, I'm like, Jessica, this is nuts. Urshak threw 32 pitches. Ryan comments, well, that'll do it for at least one game of the Yankees series unavailable. And I said to Jessica, yeah, like tomorrow. He can't pitch tomorrow. I think she made a quip like, well, there won't be a save situation tomorrow, it's the Yankees. I'm like, you're probably right. Oh, but there was a save situation because the Royals got what they've been looking for all year. They're playing maybe the best team in the American League, they're down a run, Salvi hits a bomb, Bobby hits a bomb, now you're winning. Uh-oh, your closer threw 32 pitches the day before for no freaking reason at all. Worse yet, Daniel Lynch had just pitched a beautiful 8th inning, throwing 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 pitches. And he brought Daniel Lynch out and brought Urshig in, who blew the game because he'd thrown 32 the day before. It's almost a fireable offense. To watch a manager manage like that is just astonishing to me. Anthony Volpe with a 2-run single in the 9th. Yankees win it 4-3. Erceg gave up 4 hits and 2 runs in the 9th after Daniel Lynch had thrown 8 pitches. How— for God's sake, how many they throw in the bullpen warming up? 8 pitches, Lynch, and he didn't bring him back in the 9th. Don't you just bring that guy back for at least one out? If somebody gets on base, you bring her— I don't know. I mean, Lynch has been the Royals' best reliever by a million miles. Maybe you make the move right now for him to closer. Fernando Tatis is a baseball player, Padres. In 2017, he signed a contract he thought was a loan. He was borrowing money as he was a future, hopeful future star in baseball, one of the top 10 prospects. So he signs a $2 million, what he thought was a loan agreement. It was not a loan agreement. It has become public now through a lawsuit. Tatis is suing the people that lent him— gave him, gave him, gave him— they didn't loan it, they gave it to him. They gave him $2 million in exchange for 10% of his future earnings. This is like buying 10% of a company. For $2 million, they bought 10% of Fernando Tatis's career. Well, he owes them nearly $40 million now because he has a $400 million contract. And the court says, get this crap out of here. You signed this, deal with it. This is your problem. No, you're not suing these people. You want to sue somebody, sue your agent or your lawyer for not disclosing how stupid this would be to sign this. He's got to pay them all the way through his career. What a great contract those people did for their $2 million payment to Fernando Tatis when he had no money. Golfers get this, or used to frequently. From sponsors. The best golfers now don't do this because they get shoe deals and stuff before they're out there, but the lesser players need money to go out on tour. You can be qualified to play on the PGA Tour and not have enough money to do it. It costs a lot of money to go out there. You have to pay for all of it yourself. You're your own business. So they take on sponsors, and for some of these lesser players, they may find a sponsor. Typically, these are people that they know. The agents aren't finding them. And somebody will say, here's $100,000 in travel expenses, sign this deal. And it says if you reach this threshold over the next 2 years of earnings, you'll pay it all back. If you reach this threshold, you'll pay back up to another $100,000, double the money. Yes, I would like my money back. Most sponsors in golf say, I'll sponsor you and help you with your career. I just want my money back. They're normally rich people that are not in this game to make money. That's not what Tatis did. He found some loan sharks, said, we'll take 10% of your future earnings. Golfers don't really do it that way, uh, but they do get money up front, a lot of golfers. And for many of these people, it'd be like investing in a college player, somebody you know. You invest it and then the money's just gone. You're never going to get it back because the player never amounts to whatever. That's crazy. Tatis owes all that money. The Indy 500 was the closest ever. Felix Rosenquist Daring move down the stretch, was tied for second with a teammate. He just shoots right past David Maloukas in a breathtaking finish by a nose. The Indy 500 was the best I've ever seen. It was just phenomenal. The in-car videos of him making that move at the end— if you haven't seen it, please go find it. I know it's probably not your thing. My God, those Indy cars are unbelievable. They're so awesome and fast. This was on a weekend where racing honored Kyle Busch, who died at age 41 last week. Terrible, terrible tragedy. Uh, but we got a great Indy 500. If you haven't seen it, go watch the highlights. The NBA Finals are getting set. I mentioned them before about the announcer in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma City and San Antonio are playing Tuesday night, tied at 2 games each in their series. I feel like whoever wins Oklahoma City-San Antonio is going to win the thing, but I got people who know more about the NBA than me saying don't sleep on the Knicks. The Knicks weren't even the 1 seed. But they just swept Cleveland. You saw Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift at the Cleveland game over the weekend, and Travis chugging the beer. And boy, did he blow this. The idea is to chug the beer, have it go viral, and everybody see that it's Garage Beer, which is his brand. They gave him a can that when you chug it, it was like the blank side of the can with no logo. That's just Travis being Travis. That's just bad marketing. You didn't have the can that's perfect so the cameras catch what the logo is? Oh, anyway, you did the publicity. They don't sell garage beer, and if they do at the Cleveland games, they don't sell the 12-ounce cans. They sell the big pounders or whatever. And he's sitting there at the Cavs game slamming one of these things, doesn't even get the logo on TV. Anyway, the Knicks rout Cleveland 4 games to none. A dude goes on StubHub and is looking to buy 2 tickets to Madison Square Garden for the finals. The Knicks are in for the first time in 27 years. This is one of the reasons why you go to TicketsForLess.com. This guy spent $279,804 for 2 seats to the Knicks game at the finals. They have not been in the finals since— in 27 years. I don't know, the last time the Knicks won the title was at the '70s or something. This is a big deal in New York. The Knicks are going to make you sick. Their fans are gonna make you sick. Whoever wins, Oklahoma City or San Antonio, is the team you want to root for. They're immediately gonna make you sick, trust me. Our final final today is brought to you by Premier Custom Care in-home care plans to keep your loved ones at home as long as you can. It's where they treat you like family. It's much more than words at Premier Custom Care. They live it every single day with your family. PremierCustomCare.com. Also now hiring Caregivers, compassionate caregivers. Call 816-531-2210. PremierCustomCare.com. Advantage Termite and Pest Control, one call does it all. Spiders, crickets, stink bugs, whatever you're seeing right now. Frogs, need some frogs relocated. Mice. They also do lawn and irrigation services. Advantage Termite and Pest Control, online at AdvantageTPC.com. 913-768-8989. My buddy Tony yesterday showed me his phone. He popped it up. He goes, look, I got an alert. Here's when they're going to be here. Tuesday at 2 o'clock, they're going to be here. I'm like, they're just the best. They stay right in touch and communicate the whole way through. AdvantageTpc.com. And North Kansas City Dental. I'm trying hard to get my mom to switch. If any of you have tips for getting your parent who's wiser, older, and more experienced than you to do something like— why don't you switch to NKC Dental, Mom? It's a great sponsor of the podcast. Why don't you— oh no, I've been with— I'm taking her to a dental appointment in a couple of weeks and I feel a little dirty about it. I may just drive her over 133rd and Row and take her to NKC Dental. I don't know. I gotta find a way to get her to switch. Dr. Bill Bush at nkcdental.com. 3 locations in Kansas City. Our final final is not a new story. In fact, it's an old story. It's several years old, and I didn't know this story until this weekend. A man named Richard Varone in North Carolina walked into a bank, handed the teller a note, said, I have a loaded gun and I'm robbing you. I want $1. She did what she does. She hit the button, did whatever. Apparently the man at this point turns around and surrenders to security guard, raises his hand, says, "You got me," and they catch him and they turn him over to the police. He is arrested, convicted, and sentenced to 3 years in prison for robbing a bank for $1. Richard Verone was 59 years old at the time. He had no job and no health insurance. He had a very large protrusion on his chest. Didn't know exactly what it was, believed it was some sort of a tumor. They locked him up in federal jail where he got 2 free surgeries, all healthcare expenses paid for, was released in less than 3 years completely healthy and had no regrets. Wow. He did it to stay alive. Robbed a bank for a dollar so the government would pay for everything, and he stayed alive. Your final final today at Kevin Keatsman Has Issues."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Podbean, your message amplified.

[00:03] **Speaker B:** Ready to share your message with the world? Start your podcast journey with Podbean.

[00:08] **Speaker A:** Podbean, the AI-powered all-in-one podcast platform.

[00:12] **Speaker B:** Record, edit, optimize, publish, distribute. Thousands of businesses and enterprises trust Podbean to launch their podcasts.

[00:20] **Speaker A:** Launch your podcast on Podbean today.

[00:28] **Speaker C:** Sports, politics, Life Buck Roofing presents Kevin Keatsman Has Issues.

[00:36] **Speaker B:** We start anew at KKHI after a long holiday weekend. Hope it was great for you and your family as remembered those who served for our country and gave the ultimate sacrifice. Tremendous ceremonies in Washington, D.C. We'll get into all the news and all the sports of a big long weekend. First, we're going to start with a couple of, I don't know, quick hits, I guess we'll say at the start of the podcast. The first is for any Kansas baseball fans out there. We're going to get to KU baseball a little bit later and talk about this phenomenal baseball team and fun-to-watch baseball team that is in the NCAA tournament. Now they're hosting the regional in Lawrence this weekend, and there's only— well, the overflow crowd earlier this year for a KU game was like 2,400. They're expanding the stadium, but tickets are going to be hard to get. Ticketsforless.com. I just want to remind you right up front, if you want to go to KU baseball this weekend in the NCAA regional, you're going to need to go to ticketsforless.com. I'm not gonna sit here and sugarcoat it. I don't know what these prices are gonna be with a limited number of tickets and so many people wanting to go that I already know that want to go. Uh, this could be just crazy, something we've never seen in these parts for college baseball. But TicketsForLess.com is always your best bet. No fees added. You will save between 5 and 15% off every order if you use the promo code KKHI, no matter what you buy. KKHI is your promo code. So if you want to go to KU baseball this weekend or Royals-Yankees the next couple days, KKHI is your promo code at ticketsforless.com. We start the new week of podcasts after the long weekend with a couple of slaps in the face, okay? And it's not, it's not a slap in the face to you or me. This is literally, uh, two people that want to slap somebody in the face. The first is my sweet mom. She wants to slap the living daylights out of Matt Quattroero, the Royals manager. Okay, what happened on Monday was inexcusable, and he is on the ropes as the manager. We'll get to that later. It has to do with handling his closer on Sunday, burning up a bunch of pitches, and then coming in Monday with the lead, which didn't occur on Sunday. They had the lead, but it was not a save situation. It's crazy. He's nuts. What he did with Lucas Erceg these last couple days was crazy, and the Royals lost the game to the Yankees. She wants to slap him. I don't think she would. I just think she wants to. She was really hot yesterday after the game. So we— that one. Then there's me, and I want to slap the Minneapolis mayor, Jacob Frye, in the face. I know, I know, it was a holiday weekend. We celebrate America. Remember our veterans that sacrificed and gave their lives. We had all of those things. All I want to do is slap Jacob Frye, the mayor of Minneapolis. This clown on Memorial Day Busted out a post on social media where he said, quote, on this Memorial Day, we remember George Floyd, who was murdered by a Minneapolis police officer 6 years ago today. And it is true, Memorial Day was the 6-year anniversary. My God, it seems like that was 16 years ago. The George Floyd era of the end of the Obama age, as I describe it, in the United States Seems like it was 100 years ago. We've made so many great positive changes in the United States since then, and, and gone and forgotten are these insane things like Travis Kelce turning his back or kneeling for the national anthem. We seem to forget all that stuff. We're forgiving people. We don't remember things like that anymore. It— George Floyd died 6 years ago. I would have guessed closer to 16 than 6. That is an ancient America that we do not recognize really anymore. But there is the mayor of Minneapolis saying on Memorial Day, that's what it's for, to remember George Floyd. It makes you absolutely sick. We saw some great ceremonies with President Trump and other officials in the administration on Memorial Day doing the right thing, honoring and remembering the fallen in our great land. And it came on a weekend where Trump put forth one of the longest Truth Social posts I can ever remember him posting. And it has to do obviously with Iran, which, yes, I think he's at the point now where he desperately wants to wrap this thing up and move on and focus on the United States of America and getting gas prices down and elections and getting the Save America Act passed and all the things that he wants to do. These things are all true, but his post was something so great on Monday because it gave us a peek through the window of what it is that he wants to do other than just take the nuclear capability away from Iran. Remember, that's where this thing started. We're going to take the nuclear capability away. I think we've essentially done that for decades. They're so far behind now in anything that they can possibly do and starve for money because of the sanctions and being cut off from the rest of the world right now that it's just going to be very difficult for them to be a very real threat in any way with something like nuclear capabilities. We recognize that, but it's not over. There's still the nuclear dust or enriched uranium or whatever that we have not gotten our hands on yet and either destroyed or taken away. We haven't done that. We haven't agreed to anything with them, but it sounds like it's very close. Trump saying over the weekend that 95% is in place, it's a framework. Marco Rubio then saying, let's not get too excited because ultimately what happens is it's very difficult to hear back from these people. It takes a while to hear back from them. They're disorganized. They cannot communicate properly. Remember, the first regime, the first Ayatollah, was killed because of traffic lights. Their communication system monitoring things through traffic lights, we were able to do along with Israel, and then we were able to identify where they were and target them and bomb them and kill them. So communication inside Iran is very difficult for the people in charge between themselves, let alone communication to the United States or Israel or whatever negotiation is taking place. But Trump went on to Truth Social and they've basically said we're 95% home free here on this thing. We've got a few more sticking points we've got to agree to. And again, Trump's not going to rush into anything. I don't feel like it's imminent and it's going to happen even necessarily this week. But the framework is there, and this is a complete change of business for the United States. And I think that's the part that's been missing. I don't think he really wants to sell that because he's not sure he can pull it off. I don't think you want to run around and say, here's what we're going to do. But this was the first time he sort of said, here's what we're going to try and do. And Trump brought up the Abraham Accords, and you've heard that term. We don't necessarily all know what it means. I was trying to talk about it a little bit yesterday and explain it with people that we were worth, uh, who we were with. It's the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Morocco, Kazakhstan, Sudan, and a couple of others. These accords were basically a peace agreement, but more than that, they were an economic agreement that you're going to be partners and work with the United States and Israel, even though that hasn't necessarily been something that you've wanted to do. It's good for your country. Let's do this. Let's put partnerships, economics, and your sovereignty and our sovereignty above everything else. Then if you want to fight over religion or have this problem, whatever, once you start dipping your toe into the water of our country will be better, our people will be better off being a sovereign country to protect our own norms, our own histories and traditions, which is what I love about the United States and America first. I want to protect her for what she's become over these 250 years. And I want it to continue. I don't want it to radically alter and become part of one world, the globalist European model. I don't want that. You don't want that. These countries in the Abraham Accords don't want that. They want to retain their history and their sovereignty. And they want economic excellence. They like being partnered with the United States, and that it's worked. The Abraham Accords have worked great, but there's not enough countries in it to have a peaceful Middle East. The idea here is if we create an, uh, a partnership of nations where we're focused on getting along economically, working together, and making things better for everyone in our country and we're able to keep our history, tradition, sovereignty of our nation, everybody wins. That's what Trump wants, and he posted it really in a meaningful way for the first time on Sunday. He listed off all the presidents, kings, leaders, whatever, of a whole bunch of other nations. Those nations would basically include but aren't limited to Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Egypt, Jordan, obviously Israel, the United States, Pakistan, Turkey, India, parts of Latin America, Indo-Pacific partners, perhaps even China and Russia, to all join the Abraham Accords, which basically says we're going to lock in on all these things going on in the Middle East. It is fertile ground for everyone to do trade, get wealthy, open markets. And all boats will rise with this tide. That's basically what it's about. He went on to say, many of these leaders have agreed that if we get a deal done with Iran, they'll join the Abraham Accords. They want in, and they have agreed that it is okay if we sign a deal that everyone agrees to, that Iran would be invited into the Accords, the Abraham Accords, and could be part of this coalition. Now, I'm— I haven't been around 5,000 years, but I've been around a lot of years. The entire regime of Iran since they took the hostages in 1979, I've seen it my whole adult life. But for 5,000 years, the problems in the Middle East have existed because they've never made anything more important than their disagreements, basically, over religion. That's been their biggest downfall. They've never had a reason to see something more important. And if the Abraham Accords or this conflict leads to a huge number of countries agreeing that we're just going to work together even though we have differences, we're going to work together for the common good of our people, for the common good of our sovereignty, for the common good of our histories and traditions and our religion, to prosper and worship and do whatever it is that we want to do in our country We'll do this. This isn't reshuffling the chairs on the Titanic. This is building a brand new ship. I read a post this weekend that said most people view President Trump's foreign policy through World War II lenses. That lens is obsolete. For 80 years, America operated under the globalist framework where America pays the bills, America defends everyone, America opens its markets. America carries NATO. America protected shipping lanes. America subsidized allies. America tolerated trade imbalances. And America exported democracy while factories disappeared and debt exploded at home. The system enriched multinational corporations, global institutions, foreign economies, and permanent bureaucracies. Millions of Americans watched manufacturing collapse, wages stagnate, Communities hollow out, endless wars drain trillions, and China rise into a superpower using America's own economic system against it. That's about to end if this works. Now, I can't put odds on this. I'd stay— I, I'd still say it's less likely than likely that Trump pulls this off, but he's put it out there and it's grand. And what's beautiful about it is We started the show with a couple slaps in the face. This isn't even a slap in the face to Europe. This is just Europe, this is what's going to happen. We respect you, we saved you last century, we built NATO, and you've turned on us. There isn't enough economically there for the United States to value NATO more than this coalition. There's too much money involved here. There's too much money involved with China and Russia. And yes, that makes you economic partners with them, but we're already economic partners with those countries. Why would we sit and have standoffs and think, oh, you're our enemy, this is terrible? Do we really think we're going to change the Communist Party of China? That's, that's of no interest to the United States. Does it suck for the people of China? Of course it does. Is that our fight to pick? No, it's not our fight to pick. Let's find a way to put this coalition together. America will remain the strongest country on earth economically, militarily, and all of those things. And as we build forward to an America First policy where so many of the norms change, instead of trying ideologically to remake the world, the focus is on preventing direct great power wars. Okay, no World War III. Stop— reduce nuclear escalation. Use trade leverage instead of military occupation. That's a simple one. That's very Trump-like. And positioning America as the central negotiating power between rival blocs. That works. We go independent and we'll be the intermediary between these bloc nations that aren't getting along, whatever may be. No, it's a grand plan. Again, I— it seems because we have so much history and tradition— Trump posted something about 5,000 years. He's right. You know, he says all the time, they've never seen anything like it in history. No, they've never seen anything like this in history. If the Abraham Accords includes all those countries I just mentioned, we'll have never seen anything like that in history. And once these countries sign an agreement and start working together and the economies get better and the people like it more They get to keep their power. That's all this crap is about, folks. Everywhere in the world, the one common thread between all these governments is the people in power want to stay in power. That's it. And we have a fragile system for that in the United States. Voters turn it over. In many cases, the House of Representatives every 2 years, the president, it's every 4 years. We turn it over. In places like China and Russia, they have dictators. They stay in place forever. We see it. Good for them. Good for those people in power. They like their system better. It's not as good for the people of those countries. Man, I'm telling you, this is, this is aggressive. It's big. It's real. I can't give you any odds as to whether they pull it off, but Iran has apparently agreed they're going to lay off, you know, shooting people in the Straits of Hormuz. Within 30 days? I don't know. I don't expect anything signed this week. If— you know what would be a real nice sign that we're gonna get this done, we're gonna finalize this deal, is to open the Strait of Hormuz. If that just happened between Iran, the United States, and everyone in the region, they said, yep, we're close to a deal here, we're gonna get this done, go ahead and open the straits, let's go. That would be cool. But Iran is signaling we're gonna sign a deal and then within 30 days we'll open the straits. I don't even know how Trump agrees to something like that. So it seems like there are still some sticking points. Okay, KKI Today in the new week, brought to you by our friends at Aspen Wealth Management, online at aspenwealth.com. President and founder Trevor and Tavis Holsinger have a wonderful financial investment firm that can help you with all your financial planning, your investment management, your taxes, your insurance, your business concierge. Yeah, they can help with corporate retirement plan management for you. Is Aspen the place for you? It might be. Roth conversions can save you thousands in taxes in your retirement. If you do it now, you save so much money later. Call for more information. The consultation is free. AspenWealth.com, 913-491-0500. I would also say this about Trevor and Tavis. If you are with financial advising firm and they keep moving you off from one person to another, or you think the firm is too big and you're a small fish in their pond or their, or their ocean or whatever may be the case, if you're one of those places, call these boys, will ya? And see what it's like to go straight to the top, people who own and operate the company. It makes a big difference. AspenWealth.com, 913-491- 500. Foundation Recovery is— well, it's our boy Jared Witt Jr. Jared Witt Jr. can be reached at 816-506-1090. He can be the foundation of your team, just like Junior's the foundation of our baseball team. Well, Junior at Foundation Recovery is your guy. Call his cell phone, not the office. Here is Jared Witt Jr.'s cell phone number. Call him directly, 816- 506-1090. 816-506-1090. Foundation Recovery. And my boy Brian over at Classic Fence KC doing something no other fence company does. Not only the price match guarantee— anybody can say that. He's like, you know, we'll do the price match guarantee, but then we're gonna do the price match guarantee with a lifetime warranty on your new fence. That's right. Good luck finding that anywhere else. So he'll match the price somebody else, then he'll guarantee the fence for life. Classic Fence KC dot com. 913-289-3712. That's 913-289-3712. Classic Fence KC dot com. Big news this weekend. Donald Trump The 45th and 47th president of the United States of America has endorsed Ty Masterson for governor in the state of Kansas. We'd had rumors the last few weeks that Trump was getting ready to endorse. I asked Jeff Colyer last week on this podcast if he was getting the endorsement or if he wanted the endorsement, and he said, I don't know what Trump's going to do. I'd sure like to have it, but he didn't get it. Ty Masterson did. If you don't know who Ty Masterson is, he was one of the front men, the front runners one of the leaders of getting the Chiefs to Kansas, and he's going to campaign on that. It is very popular in the state of Kansas. The Chiefs have moved from Missouri to Kansas, and Ty Masterson is the president of the Senate in Topeka. I've heard several interviews with him but have not interviewed him myself, and I'm working with his people right now to get him set up to be on this podcast this week to talk about what he wants to do for the state of Kansas. He got the Trump endorsement. I'm not a political expert, but me thinks this Republican primary is over. I think the Trump endorsement wins the Republican primary and Ty Masterson will be the candidate to run against a guy named Colson who's like a liberal from Prairie Village or something that's going to be running for governor. If this clears the deck, if other candidates get out now with the Trump endorsement, they can save personally a lot of money. and they can save Ty Masterson a lot of money for the general election. The main thing here is to win the governorship back in Kansas. This is a joke that Laura Kelly's been there for 8 years. The Republican Party in Kansas has been stupid with a lot of things that they've done and not gotten it done. The oddsmakers now, they have these prediction markets, say it is a 71% chance that a Republican will win the governor's mansion back. In Kansas. And that looks like now immediately the front runner will be Ty Masterson getting this endorsement. Ty Masterson will be at an event on Monday in DeSoto. We'll have more information as the week goes on at a really cool little restaurant. And it's kind of a sports bar, kind of not. It's one of those sports bars where you get like home-cooked food. Like on Sunday they have pot roast and mashed potatoes and gravy, and it's like really good food. They do meatloaf and It's DeSoto. You know exactly what I'm talking about. But they've got TVs and games. I think they do bands in there and stuff. It's really good. And I'll have more information for you on that. They're going to have kind of an event for Ty Masterson to meet the folks in DeSoto. He is from the Wichita area. And my really— my only question for him— not only— my main question that I've never heard anybody ask and I can't find an answer to: are you related to Bat Masterson? I need to know this. I just need to know how big is this Masterson family? Is that all part of the deal? I don't know. I just kind of want to know. I like Tim Masterson, but I like all the candidates running. He's got the Trump endorsement. I mean, that's powerful. I'm not picking a horse in this race. I'm not going to sit here and say I'm voting for this person or that. But I'll be honest with you, a Trump endorsement is really important to me. It just is because it feels like, okay, that's somebody that can win. In all due respect to Jeff Colyer, Ty Masterson, anybody else running here, what I mostly want is a Republican in the governor's mansion more than anything else. That's all I want is Laura Kelly out. I want good things for the state of Kansas. Dana White was on a podcast over the long weekend. He's the CEO, the owner of Ultimate Fighting Championships, UFC. And he's been taking some heat for something he said after being at the White House Correspondents' Dinner a few weeks ago, where the shooter tried to get in and so many Secret Service and military personnel, FBI, everyone else, everyone under the sun took over that ballroom. We saw the visuals, we saw the video of how many Dudes with— and ladies, I assume— in riot gear with massive guns took over the ballroom, got the president and vice president out. It was pretty epic. I said at the time, this is overblown. It was never even close. The guy never even got close to hurting anyone. He just didn't. Were mistakes made? Yes. But it was not close. This was not the one. It's going to take something bigger than that, something, you know, some bombs or, or things of that nature. But Dana White was there. And he was sitting with Pete Hegseth when it occurred, and he'd been taking some flak the last couple of weeks for saying it was awesome. Now remember what Dana White does for a living— Ultimate Fighting, man's man. This is toxic masculinity as defined. That's Dana White. He loves this stuff. And he was on the podcast, and it's not a gotcha. I think it's a friendly enough podcast. He's like, wait a second, this doesn't sound right. You just say that was awesome. And Dana White was asked about it on this podcast and explains it. This is great.

[23:52] **Speaker D:** And you were quoted as saying, and I don't want to take this out of context, so let me tell you. Sorry, you said it was awesome. Now, that could have been, it was pretty horrible. What did you mean by it was awesome?

[24:03] **Speaker E:** So I was sitting there talking to Pete Hegseth.

[24:08] **Speaker D:** The Secretary of Defense.

[24:09] **Speaker E:** Yes.

[24:10] **Speaker D:** Or War, depending on your—

[24:11] **Speaker E:** Yes. And we were talking about, All this fascinating stuff. And all of a sudden—

[24:19] **Speaker D:** Wait, wait, you can't go that fast. What was the fascinating stuff you were talking about?

[24:22] **Speaker E:** You were talking about Iran and what's going on over there.

[24:25] **Speaker D:** And what was he telling you?

[24:27] **Speaker E:** I'll leave that alone.

[24:30] **Speaker D:** I make a living at this.

[24:31] **Speaker E:** I understand, sir. I understand. All of a sudden you start hearing just crashing, like plates and dishes and glasses. Turn around. And what looked like 50 Secret Service guys kicking tables over, running on the top of tables, and they're screaming, everybody got on the ground. And I was like, oh my God. Then I watched them pull Vance and Trump off the stage. They clear the stage. And then literally the entire stage are guys with guns with lights on them pointed at us.

[25:05] **Speaker D:** Right.

[25:06] **Speaker E:** Now the Secret Service guys are coming toward our table. I was the first table in front of the stage and we don't know what's going on. Is there a shooter? Is there a bomb? And just the adrenaline in your body and mine anyway was off the charts. I mean, it was— they're saying, get down, get down. First of all, I'm never a get down kind of guy.

[25:31] **Speaker B:** Okay?

[25:31] **Speaker E:** That's never going to happen. If there's something going on here, I got bad news for my family. It's going to be a closed casket. Okay? Because I'm not let— I'm not getting shot in the back laying on the ground. Um, and these guys came in, and how fast they moved through this place, it was just— now, being another man, tell me the greatest movie you ever saw with that, with those type, just on steroids. I mean, it was, it was—

[25:59] **Speaker D:** now, to Dana, it wasn't a movie.

[26:01] **Speaker E:** I know, which made it even greater. And when it was over, I was like, for 4 hours, I was bouncing off the walls. I was just—

[26:11] **Speaker D:** And what did Hexeth do? Hexeth they dragged off?

[26:14] **Speaker E:** Let me tell you what Hexeth didn't do. He didn't get on the ground either. He was sitting right next to me and then his wife was with him and then he ended up taking his wife out of there.

[26:23] **Speaker D:** But you stayed.

[26:24] **Speaker B:** Oh yeah.

[26:24] **Speaker E:** Well, I had to stay. Nobody was dragging you off. Yeah, nobody dragged me off.

[26:29] **Speaker B:** Yeah.

[26:30] **Speaker E:** We had to stay in there. And I'll tell you this too. So you had the who's who from politics, the who's who from the media, and the who's who in business in this room. And lots of far left liberal media, which were a lot of women. None of these women were screaming. None of these women were getting, you know, overly excited about this thing. And then when it was over and we knew that the threat was over, you know, everybody just sort of started getting together and talking. Um, it was pretty badass and pretty impressive.

[27:09] **Speaker D:** You weren't scared at all?

[27:10] **Speaker E:** Never.

[27:11] **Speaker D:** Not even for Trump's sake?

[27:12] **Speaker E:** Or— no, they get that. They had the—

[27:14] **Speaker D:** you thought that was—

[27:15] **Speaker E:** they had them out of there pretty quick.

[27:17] **Speaker B:** Just a classic story from Dana White about the White House Correspondents' Dinner. That is Really, really good stuff. Love that guy, by the way. Love him in many, many ways. And he's— everybody's pitched in on the changing of America, from Obama's, yeah, we just caved to everything, and oh, we gotta kneel and we have to honor and we have to do all this stuff, to no, you know what, let's go back to being men and let's go back to being women, and that's that. That's good enough. And maybe I'm surrounded by strong women. Maybe I've always been surrounded by strong women because my mom's strong. You know what I notice about most women? They really like being women. They do. They just want to be a woman. Like, all the dudes I'm around want to be dudes. Shocking. You're born biological one way to be one way, and you like it.

[28:09] **Speaker D:** Who knew?

[28:11] **Speaker B:** That's where we are. Dana White likes being a dude, I can tell you that. Like Sydney Sweeney likes being a chick. Dana White likes being a dude. That's the America we're living in. This is such a great time. So many cool things happening. In Los Angeles, Spencer Pratt is running for mayor, and he has— well, he set the hair on fire of all the Dems out there. He created artwork and an image. You've seen all the AI things he does, all his commercials. You know about his campaign. I still think he's going to win. How about— what— think about this. What percentage of Los Angelinos that are eligible to vote in this election, what percentage of them are registered Republican? I'll give you the answer in a moment. Think about that for a second. What percentage of the electorate in the mayoral race are registered Republicans? Anyway, the latest thing Spencer Pratt did was he created a poster and he thought, let's rip off the Obama Hope and Change poster. Remember that one where Obama was multicolor and it was kind of like artwork and made Obama and said hope and change? They did it with Spencer Pratt. It looks just like Obama's poster except it's Spencer Pratt and it says hope and change because that's what's needed in Los Angeles. And it's glorious. They've gone absolutely bonkers over this one because they think it's a slam at Obama and it should be. We should be slamming Obama. We should have been slamming Obama 20 years ago, but we weren't. We're afraid to. Oh, John McCain, oh, they'll think I'm racist if I attack Obama. Mitt Romney, I can't say anything bad about Barry, I'll be a racist. Oh my gosh, it's so much easier and more fun now to just say the truth. It's just out there, and Spencer Pratt's doing it in a huge way. They've gone nuts over this poster. It's blasphemy for the Democrats. For some people, it's like, you know what, he was hoping change, and that was 20 years ago, and it didn't work. That's a good place to start. Only 15% of voters in Los Angeles are registered Republicans. This is a long shot for Spencer Pratt at best. That is the lowest of any major city in America and less than New York. Los Angeles has fewer Republicans than New York City. It's not really close. New York's over 20-some percent registered Republicans. 15% in Los Angeles. I don't think he can win, but man, I'm having fun watching this thing. He went on a podcast, was asked, what are you going to do with these 40,000 homeless people when you clean it up? And he said, well, you know, I've got a plan. I put a 9-minute video out. I've got the whole plan online. The guy goes, yeah, but what are you going to do with these people? And he kept pushing him, and Spencer Pratt goes, it's gonna be easy, they're all moving to Seattle. And the podcaster's like, what? He's like, you don't understand, these aren't homeless people, these are mentally ill drug addicts that we're taking care of for no reason. And if we stop taking care of them, they'll go to cities that will. He's like, these 40,000 people are moving to Seattle, the mayor there has made it very clear She wants them. She's like, bring 'em, bring your drugs, bring your animal abuse, bring your free needles, bring it all to Seattle. That's all this is, folks. They're mentally ill drug addicts. They're not homeless. They're all capable of getting— well, not all— most are capable of getting mental health treatment and assimilating back into society. They haven't been homeless since they were babies. They found their way there. How did they find their way there? Mental illness and drug addiction. Spencer Pratt is right. He's like, I don't have to clean them up. I kick them off the streets. They're gonna go elsewhere. If we enforce the laws and don't let them do this, they're gonna go to a city that allows it. As your mayor, I'm not going to allow it. He's right. They're gonna wind up in Seattle, probably. Well, San Francisco's got a better mayor. Trying to clean San Francisco up. They'll find the places. They find the weak spots. You can be mentally ill and you can be a drug addict. That does not mean you're imprisoned as a stupid person the rest of your life. If, if all you crave is drugs and an existence in the street, you're gonna find a place that allows you to do that. You'll go to No Ends to do it. The weekend started with Giants quarterback Jackson Dart introducing Donald Trump at an event in New York, and he was proud to do it. Jackson Dart and his girlfriend might be the best-looking couple in America. I'll be a Giants fan. I got no problem being a Giants fan. They're not playing the Chiefs. This will be easy. I'll do this. Jackson Dart's all MAGA. Their quarterback, who looks like he's a tremendous young talent, he now has the right head coach. Jon Harbaugh is the head coach of the Giants. You may recall he was in the Oval Office this offseason with his brother Jim, hanging out with Trump, taking pictures, giving him cool jerseys and stuff. Linebacker Abdul Carter plays for the Giants. He saw Jackson Dart introduced to the president. He's like, what? What is this? He goes, I thought it was AI. And he's not happy. He's like, come on, dude. Folks, you can't do this. Abdul Carter, no, no, no, no, no. That's an old Obama thing. We don't allow this anymore. It's not allowed. Each side can do whatever they want. It's equal play now. Okay, all that George Floyd, all that kneeling, all those anthems, all that crap. The dudes in your locker room on the right just put up with it and allowed it as adults do. You do your thing, I'll do mine, whatever. Harrison Butker gave a speech, people went nuts. Jackson Dart introduces the president, his teammate goes crazy. Abdul Carter loves Lawrence Taylor so much in the Giants. Great linebacker. Please don't tell him that Lawrence Taylor is a Trump guy and was at a Trump rally. Abdul Carter may lose his mind here. He's a young player. He needs to shut up and play football. I don't think the Giants players that are overly liberal know what's about to happen. They're about to have a football team that is fair and tough and well-coached, and accountability will exist for each teammate within another, and there will be no politics within the wall, and we're all going to row in one direction, and we're going to learn what it's like to try to be exceptional. That has not existed around the New York Giants for a long time. It's about to happen. I'm not guaranteeing you that Jon Harbaugh and Jackson Dart are going to win a Super Bowl. I like Jon Harbaugh's chances with Jackson Dart a lot better than I did with him in Baltimore. I do. He's got a better chance with Jackson Dart. I'm, I'm, I'm in. Pop some popcorn. I'm ready to watch the Giants. No big deal. Here's a media note. If you ever wondered if traditional media are financially or as a business model in trouble, we got an unbelievable example driving back from Oklahoma. Driving back through Oklahoma from Arizona this weekend. Saturday night, um, we took off— I gotta just get my dates right. Yeah, we took off Saturday morning early. We were set to drive about 12 hours and stop in a town called Weatherford, Oklahoma. It's getting into the evening hours. I'm like, well, Oklahoma City's playing San Antonio. We're leaving Texas, we're entering Oklahoma, and I'm looking for the NBA game on the radio. And I can't find it. I can't find it. You have the Western Conference Finals, NBA teams in Texas and Oklahoma, and I can't find the game. There were multiple baseball games on radio. So that was going on. I couldn't find it. When I eventually got it, when I got into Oklahoma, I got close enough to like Weatherford. I still wasn't close enough to Oklahoma City to get their broadcast, which is 98.7, the Sports Animal. But I found it on like 98.1. And I'm listening to the game that I caught at halftime, and the halftime show's awful. The guys that are on, I'm like, ooh, this isn't good. They're just not very good. This is the Oklahoma City Thunder broadcast of the Western Conference Finals at San Antonio. Then the game starts back up, like, okay, they're the NBA champions, the guy's got to be great. This must be a really good broadcast. It's like a very important thing in Oklahoma City. And the guy was all right. But he's all alone. There's no analyst. They're not paying an analyst to be on with him for the Western Conference Finals. And he's clearly— I said, Jessica, she goes, why does this sound so bad? I said, because he's sitting in Oklahoma City watching a monitor in a studio of a game that's in San Antonio. She said, what? I said, he's not at the game. They're not paying for a crew to travel to the games. That's unbelievable. They're in the Western Conference Finals. The Oklahoma City Thunder, the favorite again to win it all, have an announcer sitting in a studio in Oklahoma City calling the game, watching on a television monitor. It was awful. These companies are broke. Uh, broke rhymes with woke. Let's end the news portion here with Bruce Springsteen, who's on his concert tour. He was in Boston this weekend. And apparently gets tired because he likes to sit down now on stage. When he sits down on stage, he starts giving a mini speech. He starts, um, monologuing, I guess would be the way, preaching. This is unreal. It's all anti-Trump, anti-Elon Musk. This is a billionaire, Bruce Springsteen, complaining about other billionaires. That's right, Springsteen on stage with his lesbian haircut that he has. Ellen DeGeneres haircut's what he's got. He looks like Ellen. Bruce Springsteen's on stage, sits down, and starts reading from a teleprompter bashing Trump and Elon Musk. Can't make that up. Previously known as the greatest performing live rock star ever, Bruce Springsteen is ruining all of it because that's what people do when they go woke. Folks, Window World's offering 0% financing up to 36 months on American-made windows, siding, and doors. They're easy, affordable, and beautiful. Locations in Independence and Lenexa. Complimentary in-home estimates. Energy Star partner. Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval. Number one choice in Kansas City. You will save money. Call 800-GET-WINDOWS. Mention the podcast. 800-GET-WINDOWS. Or you can call the local number 816-799-0820. Window World is online at windowskansascity.com. Ideal Health is Kansas City's regenerative medicine clinic. Dr. Kip Van Camp was really the first person in a meaningful way in the Kansas City area to practice regenerative medicine. It began as a family mission as he was helping his dad many, many years ago try to find alternative treatments to what was not really helping him. Dr. Van Camp learned a lot in those days. It was sort of, um, it wasn't really mainstream, and he didn't care. He's like, no, this— the concept of this work is fantastic. You take something from my body and put it back in the place where it needs it, enhance it and put it back in there through blood spinning or whatever it may be, or stem cell tissue, and it works for most people. It absolutely helps you get rid of pain. It can help with all kinds of long-term or onset diseases like Parkinson's or Alzheimer's. IdealHealthKC.com for a consultation. Schedule it today at 913-745-5300. That's online at IdealHealthKC.com. Oh, my friends at B Stock are at it again in Olathe. Blink video doorbell cameras. By Amazon will integrate with Prime members, your Prime membership. $29.99 for the video doorbells. That's it. They're like Ring cameras for $29. They're called Blink, not Ring. They're called Blink. No limit, folks. If you want to buy all these and put them online and sell them yourself, you could probably double your money. He's, he's got so many of them, they gotta go. They got, apparently they got pallets and pallets of these things. Blink video doorbells by Amazon. $29.99. They're having a home security system sale right now at BStock.net. They've got everything— cameras of all kinds, solar chargers, you name it, they've got it. And don't forget their graduation special. They do it every year. Buy a Windows laptop and any size television and get the mini refrigerator free. That's it. Now, they always have a laptop available for $99, and any size TV— a small one for your dorm— I mean, you might be able to do this for like $200 and get the fridge free. That's a heck of a deal. Bstock.net, 14680 South Flaming Road in Olathe. How about those Kansas Jayhawks? Are you kidding me? So last Thursday, Jessica and I went to the game, Kansas against Baylor in the Big 12 tournament in Surprise, Arizona. I wound up getting sick later in the day, but that's a whole other deal, and into Friday. It was not good, had nothing to do with the baseball game. You sit where you want, and the shade was increasingly getting closer to the third base dugout as the game went on. We moved each row with the shade. Every few minutes, another row would be in the shade. There's nobody down there. It was all general admission seating. So we kept moving down and getting in the shade, getting in the shade. These guys in this dugout, I counted 39 dudes in uniform. I know the roster's only 34, but they got some walk-ons in there that can't play. They got, I don't know what they got going, guys that just shag balls. This is team vibe. Everything the Royals are not, KU baseball is. Obviously it's a different level, okay? But this manager, Dan Fitzgerald, is not a rah-rah guy. He doesn't walk up and down the dugout. He doesn't pat every player on the butt that walks by. He's not. He stands there stoic. He lets them be themselves. They understand the rules. About which you play Kansas baseball, how you go about this. And it's clear there are rules. You will come to the park, you will take care of your own gear. Nobody's going to take care of you. Carry your own bag, get your own stuff organized, work out, whatever. You're on your own. Be a great teammate. You will have fun, and you will play hard and smart at every turn. No, zero lollygagging. This dugout's insane. They got squirt guns in there. They take entire packs of gum and stuff their mouths. And, and, you know, the Zinn is everywhere and the Gatorade and the things that they do. And they, they heckle and tease at the other— they cheer, they're making noise. At one point they had a belching contest going on in the dugout. These dudes have got swagger. KU baseball is not loaded with a whole bunch of major league prospects. They're not the most talented team in the NCAA postseason tournament. Let me tell you what I'm going to guarantee you right now, because I felt it for 3 hours sitting around them. This outfit, since they started this year— and he put this team together with a bunch of JUCO kids, bringing them in— this team has never taken the field with anything other than an absolute resolve and confidence that they're about to kick somebody's ass. That's it. We're here, we're going to kick your ass, and we're gonna go home. That's it. Now, they've lost some games. They've lost 16 times this year. They're 42-16, but they are so certain they're gonna win. It's unbelievable. It was so much fun enjoying that game with them. They're impossible to not root for. They play really smart. Ketcher hits a home run in the first inning. KU goes up second inning, maybe they go up, they got a 2-0 lead. So, you know, you can hot dog it, he could take the rest of the game off, he's the man, right? The whole thing. This dude, and he got in trouble for a bat flip, and you know, they do that, they're going to get in trouble for bat flips, they're that team. Later in the game, he hits a pop-up, the one behind home plate that's a hard catch for the catcher, the one that you know because the ball's spinning comes back toward fair territory. Catcher's having trouble. Third baseman comes in and about— it's still the dirt in front of home plate. Like, it's right up close to home plate. The third baseman makes the catch. Where do you think big stud home run hitter is when the ball is caught? Striding into second base. Didn't even know if it wind up fair. Hit that pop-up. Of course he's going to be out. He's like, nope, out of the box he goes, running like a bat out of hell, and he's on second base when the third baseman catches it. It's one of the few times I saw Fitzgerald make a comment to the players. He came off the field, he was out, he came running across the diamond, went in the dugout right by his manager, and Dan Fitzgerald said, nice swing. Didn't say good hustle because that's expected. He said, nice swing, put a good swing on it. You popped it up, you put a good swing on it. Uh, Friday they play Northeastern. Hoagland Stadium had a record crowd this year of 2,617. It was an overflow game against Nebraska. They're bringing in temporary bleachers. Apparently they can expand this thing out to 4,500 people. If you want to see— they're not the Savannah Bananas, that's not it. They're not showboats, they're not catching the ball behind their back, they're not that. This is just a group of guys that loves to play baseball, and it's hard to beat, man. I'm, I'm— it sounds ridiculous. They remind me so much of my high school baseball team. They just remind me of that. We were squirrely and goofy, and we knew we were going to win, and other teams didn't like us. We weren't that likable to the opponent. I get it. They're not disrespectful to the other opponent. It's just, it's annoying. They're annoying. It's constant chatter. They're going to play Northeastern Friday. Arkansas and Missouri State are also in the regional. Kansas has an 84 0.96% chance of winning this regional. The Royals have an 84.96% chance of losing to the Yankees every game in the series. Boy, did they blow this thing on Monday. The Royals got a solo home run for Salvador Perez to tie the game, a solo home run from Bobby Witt to take the lead. Then they brought in Lucas Erceg to save the game in the 9th inning. Here's the problem: we're driving through— I don't know where— yesterday, somewhere in Texas, um, Sunday. Listening to the Royals game, Ryan Lefever and Danny Matthews, and they're like, why is Erceg pitching the 9th inning? The Royals, I think, were up 8-3 against Seattle, and Erceg had warmed up the inning before because the game was closer. Then the Royals got insurance runs. Since he'd warmed up, Quintero thought, well, let's bring him in to pitch. Still a bad idea. Closers don't like to pitch in 5-run games. They don't. So in he comes and he's ineffective and he winds up with the tying run at the plate and getting the out and the Royals win one. It was by the skin of their teeth on Sunday where Urshak should have never been in the game. Never. And everybody knew it. Denny, you're talking about it. Ryan, I'm like, Jessica, this is nuts. Urshak threw 32 pitches. Ryan comments, well, that'll do it for at least one game of the Yankees series unavailable. And I said to Jessica, yeah, like tomorrow. He can't pitch tomorrow. I think she made a quip like, well, there won't be a save situation tomorrow, it's the Yankees. I'm like, you're probably right. Oh, but there was a save situation because the Royals got what they've been looking for all year. They're playing maybe the best team in the American League, they're down a run, Salvi hits a bomb, Bobby hits a bomb, now you're winning. Uh-oh, your closer threw 32 pitches the day before for no freaking reason at all. Worse yet, Daniel Lynch had just pitched a beautiful 8th inning, throwing 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 pitches. And he brought Daniel Lynch out and brought Urshig in, who blew the game because he'd thrown 32 the day before. It's almost a fireable offense. To watch a manager manage like that is just astonishing to me. Anthony Volpe with a 2-run single in the 9th. Yankees win it 4-3. Erceg gave up 4 hits and 2 runs in the 9th after Daniel Lynch had thrown 8 pitches. How— for God's sake, how many they throw in the bullpen warming up? 8 pitches, Lynch, and he didn't bring him back in the 9th. Don't you just bring that guy back for at least one out? If somebody gets on base, you bring her— I don't know. I mean, Lynch has been the Royals' best reliever by a million miles. Maybe you make the move right now for him to closer. Fernando Tatis is a baseball player, Padres. In 2017, he signed a contract he thought was a loan. He was borrowing money as he was a future, hopeful future star in baseball, one of the top 10 prospects. So he signs a $2 million, what he thought was a loan agreement. It was not a loan agreement. It has become public now through a lawsuit. Tatis is suing the people that lent him— gave him, gave him, gave him— they didn't loan it, they gave it to him. They gave him $2 million in exchange for 10% of his future earnings. This is like buying 10% of a company. For $2 million, they bought 10% of Fernando Tatis's career. Well, he owes them nearly $40 million now because he has a $400 million contract. And the court says, get this crap out of here. You signed this, deal with it. This is your problem. No, you're not suing these people. You want to sue somebody, sue your agent or your lawyer for not disclosing how stupid this would be to sign this. He's got to pay them all the way through his career. What a great contract those people did for their $2 million payment to Fernando Tatis when he had no money. Golfers get this, or used to frequently. From sponsors. The best golfers now don't do this because they get shoe deals and stuff before they're out there, but the lesser players need money to go out on tour. You can be qualified to play on the PGA Tour and not have enough money to do it. It costs a lot of money to go out there. You have to pay for all of it yourself. You're your own business. So they take on sponsors, and for some of these lesser players, they may find a sponsor. Typically, these are people that they know. The agents aren't finding them. And somebody will say, here's $100,000 in travel expenses, sign this deal. And it says if you reach this threshold over the next 2 years of earnings, you'll pay it all back. If you reach this threshold, you'll pay back up to another $100,000, double the money. Yes, I would like my money back. Most sponsors in golf say, I'll sponsor you and help you with your career. I just want my money back. They're normally rich people that are not in this game to make money. That's not what Tatis did. He found some loan sharks, said, we'll take 10% of your future earnings. Golfers don't really do it that way, uh, but they do get money up front, a lot of golfers. And for many of these people, it'd be like investing in a college player, somebody you know. You invest it and then the money's just gone. You're never going to get it back because the player never amounts to whatever. That's crazy. Tatis owes all that money. The Indy 500 was the closest ever. Felix Rosenquist Daring move down the stretch, was tied for second with a teammate. He just shoots right past David Maloukas in a breathtaking finish by a nose. The Indy 500 was the best I've ever seen. It was just phenomenal. The in-car videos of him making that move at the end— if you haven't seen it, please go find it. I know it's probably not your thing. My God, those Indy cars are unbelievable. They're so awesome and fast. This was on a weekend where racing honored Kyle Busch, who died at age 41 last week. Terrible, terrible tragedy. Uh, but we got a great Indy 500. If you haven't seen it, go watch the highlights. The NBA Finals are getting set. I mentioned them before about the announcer in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma City and San Antonio are playing Tuesday night, tied at 2 games each in their series. I feel like whoever wins Oklahoma City-San Antonio is going to win the thing, but I got people who know more about the NBA than me saying don't sleep on the Knicks. The Knicks weren't even the 1 seed. But they just swept Cleveland. You saw Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift at the Cleveland game over the weekend, and Travis chugging the beer. And boy, did he blow this. The idea is to chug the beer, have it go viral, and everybody see that it's Garage Beer, which is his brand. They gave him a can that when you chug it, it was like the blank side of the can with no logo. That's just Travis being Travis. That's just bad marketing. You didn't have the can that's perfect so the cameras catch what the logo is? Oh, anyway, you did the publicity. They don't sell garage beer, and if they do at the Cleveland games, they don't sell the 12-ounce cans. They sell the big pounders or whatever. And he's sitting there at the Cavs game slamming one of these things, doesn't even get the logo on TV. Anyway, the Knicks rout Cleveland 4 games to none. A dude goes on StubHub and is looking to buy 2 tickets to Madison Square Garden for the finals. The Knicks are in for the first time in 27 years. This is one of the reasons why you go to TicketsForLess.com. This guy spent $279,804 for 2 seats to the Knicks game at the finals. They have not been in the finals since— in 27 years. I don't know, the last time the Knicks won the title was at the '70s or something. This is a big deal in New York. The Knicks are going to make you sick. Their fans are gonna make you sick. Whoever wins, Oklahoma City or San Antonio, is the team you want to root for. They're immediately gonna make you sick, trust me. Our final final today is brought to you by Premier Custom Care in-home care plans to keep your loved ones at home as long as you can. It's where they treat you like family. It's much more than words at Premier Custom Care. They live it every single day with your family. PremierCustomCare.com. Also now hiring Caregivers, compassionate caregivers. Call 816-531-2210. PremierCustomCare.com. Advantage Termite and Pest Control, one call does it all. Spiders, crickets, stink bugs, whatever you're seeing right now. Frogs, need some frogs relocated. Mice. They also do lawn and irrigation services. Advantage Termite and Pest Control, online at AdvantageTPC.com. 913-768-8989. My buddy Tony yesterday showed me his phone. He popped it up. He goes, look, I got an alert. Here's when they're going to be here. Tuesday at 2 o'clock, they're going to be here. I'm like, they're just the best. They stay right in touch and communicate the whole way through. AdvantageTpc.com. And North Kansas City Dental. I'm trying hard to get my mom to switch. If any of you have tips for getting your parent who's wiser, older, and more experienced than you to do something like— why don't you switch to NKC Dental, Mom? It's a great sponsor of the podcast. Why don't you— oh no, I've been with— I'm taking her to a dental appointment in a couple of weeks and I feel a little dirty about it. I may just drive her over 133rd and Row and take her to NKC Dental. I don't know. I gotta find a way to get her to switch. Dr. Bill Bush at nkcdental.com. 3 locations in Kansas City. Our final final is not a new story. In fact, it's an old story. It's several years old, and I didn't know this story until this weekend. A man named Richard Varone in North Carolina walked into a bank, handed the teller a note, said, I have a loaded gun and I'm robbing you. I want $1. She did what she does. She hit the button, did whatever. Apparently the man at this point turns around and surrenders to security guard, raises his hand, says, "You got me," and they catch him and they turn him over to the police. He is arrested, convicted, and sentenced to 3 years in prison for robbing a bank for $1. Richard Verone was 59 years old at the time. He had no job and no health insurance. He had a very large protrusion on his chest. Didn't know exactly what it was, believed it was some sort of a tumor. They locked him up in federal jail where he got 2 free surgeries, all healthcare expenses paid for, was released in less than 3 years completely healthy and had no regrets. Wow. He did it to stay alive. Robbed a bank for a dollar so the government would pay for everything, and he stayed alive. Your final final today at Kevin Keatsman Has Issues.

[57:36] **Speaker C:** Kevin Keatsman Has Issues has been presented by Roberts Robinson Chevrolet GMC and is produced by Crooked Tail Media. Please hit the like or follow button wherever you listen or give us a review. For premium content, podcasts, and weekly newsletter, join as a patron at kkhasissues.com for as little as $5 a month. Support all our sponsors and other conservative businesses at thekklist.com.

[58:02] **Speaker B:** Woo! This has been a production of Cricket Tail Media Incorporated.

[58:07] **Speaker A:** Podbean, your message amplified.

[58:09] **Speaker B:** Ready to share your message with the world? Start your podcast journey with Podbean.

[58:14] **Speaker A:** Podbean, the AI-powered all-in-one podcast platform.

[58:18] **Speaker B:** Thousands of businesses and enterprises trust Podbean to launch their podcasts.

[58:23] **Speaker A:** Use Podbean to record your podcast.

[58:25] **Speaker B:** Use Podbean AI to optimize your podcast.

[58:28] **Speaker A:** Use Podbean AI to turn your blog into a podcast.

[58:31] **Speaker B:** Use Podbean to distribute your podcast everywhere.

[58:35] **Speaker A:** Launch your podcast on Podbean today.
