# LA Mayor Humiliated When Elon Musk Confirms Spencer Pratt's Exposing of LA's Homeless Scam

**Show:** The Rubin Report
**Date Published:** 2026-05-26
**Date Found:** 2026-05-26
**URL:** https://77fe9e48-8ca5-46a1-abbf-39417174e9da.libsyn.com/la-mayor-humiliated-when-elon-musk-confirms-spencer-pratts-exposing-of-las-homeless-scam?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 53 minutes

## Summary

This 53-minute episode of The Rubin Report mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Rubin Report

## Key Moment

> "This is a monday.com ad. The same monday.com designed for every team. The same monday.com with built-in AI scaling your work from day one. The same monday.com with an easy and intuitive setup. Go to monday.com and try it for free. Being outside is good for us. It's that simple. And trails make it easy for us to walk, bike, and be active outside in our own backyards. On the trail, we see people moving, connecting with their communities, making the places where they live great. For 40 years, Rails to Trails Conservancy has led the way, creating trail across the country, making it safer and easier for everyone to get outside. They want you to get involved. Find your trail and start your journey today at rails2trails.org/iheart and follow @rails2trails on social. The Florida Man. Rubin Report lie. Me. Governor Ron DeSantis. Adam Carolla. Jillian Michaels. This is an app where they plot the human feces. We gonna do maximum warfare against Republicans. You hit one of these people, that's their fault for impinging on you. All right, let's go eat some Chick-fil-A. So Mark Carney went to a Vancouver Pride parade. I just— yeah, I'm just trying to get comfortable. Hey, up there in the Negro balcony, can you see how comfortable I am with the trans and LGBT+? Can we get the translation on that one? He's like, dude, I'll do Chinese, I can't do Somali. Thank you, God bless you, I love you. Sir, this is a window. Sorry, ¡Hey! Why, hello there. I'm Dave Rubin. This is The Rubin Report. It's May 26th, 2026. That is right, one month from today I turn the big 5-0. Can you guys believe it? I don't know how it's possible. One day you're 90, you don't know how it happened. Life is very, very strange. Also, couple weeks, as you know, daverubin.com/events. Join us right here with the gov, with Carolla, with Jillian. You might be wondering what happened to the picture of Ben Shapiro. It's not a trademark issue. I spoke to Ben over the weekend. We knew about this and we knew there was a chance. His wife is pregnant and she's about to pop. And unless she gives birth in the next like week and a half, then he can come. He just does not wanna go that far from home. So he's likely out. So we're just removing him from the image for now. And we may bring in someone else. I'm in discussions with a couple other people, but whether Ben's there or not, it's gonna be a great night. And we're looking forward to seeing you guys. And let's dive into an old-fashioned program. I hope everybody's refreshed and recharged and had a nice weekend. And really more than anything else, I hope you took a moment to honor our fallen soldiers yesterday beyond just doing the barbecue and everything else. Like, there is a price to pay for freedom, as we all know, and some people actually do end up paying it. So, all right, let's leave that there. Let's dive in. There's a lot going on. We're gonna start with this, this LA mayoral situation, which in a weird sense has become much bigger than just Los Angeles. There are certain local races that then sort of map things in a narrative sense across the country. And I think this LA situation is one of them because you basically either have status quo, progressive, usual, we're going to slowly destroy everything while we smile at you Democrats, that would be Karen Bass, or you have this guy Spencer Pratt, who quite literally was not involved in politics until this, then his house and his parents' house burned down, house across the street from him burned down with the guy in it who is no longer with us, and he became radicalized and got into politics. Obviously, what he's doing, and especially these AI videos, which as I pointed out, they're not coming directly from his campaign, it's just people that like him that are just mastering the magic of AI and putting out this really memeable stuff. His campaign is catching on because he's basically just saying, guys, common sense, less drug addicts and naked people on the street. Let's make sure we do basic things when it comes to fire prevention. Et cetera, et cetera. And anyone that's in LA, and you guys know I was there 2 weeks ago, you would just have to walk down some of the iconic places, literally walk down Hollywood Boulevard. If anyone's watching this today and is in Los Angeles, if you wanna take a video walking down Hollywood Boulevard and send it to us, we'll play it on the show tomorrow, just so you can see the filth, so you can see the drugs. It's a joy, it's a real joy. Anyway, he obviously is catching fire across the country. Whether that'll translate to LA, the micro voter of LA, we will see. But he's also doing a nice job when it comes to mainstream media. Here he is being asked about his plans for the homeless, and they really wanna frame it because he's talking about these homeless people and he's talking about these drug addicts, they wanna frame it that he's very mean and everything else, but he's doing a nice job. What are your plans for the over 40,000 homeless in Los Angeles? Yeah, it's, well, they're not homeless, they're drug addicts. Most of these people are addicted to fentanyl and meth. This isn't Spencer making it up. Are you saying they don't have homes? There is places for all of these people to sleep in LA. No matter what anybody tells you, we have housing and shelter for everyone that's living on the street. They are choosing to be on the street because they wanna do drugs, they don't want rules, they don't wanna listen, they wanna have animals to abuse. This idea that they're forced on the street right now is a lie. That our city is perpetuating. We've paid $24 billion to house these 40,000 people. There are spots for all of these people. They are choosing because they're an addict and you can do fentanyl and super meth on the sidewalk with no repercussions. Okay, all true. You know, I mentioned to you guys a couple weeks ago when I was in LA, I did that ridiculous surrounded show. I think it'll be out in a week or so. And I'm surrounded by, it was me, like MAGA Dave versus 20 far left lunatics or whatever. And they all were doing the same thing about homeless people. They need more beds, they need more housing. We walked around Los Angeles. You wanna throw the image up real quick, Connor? I mean, literally, this was 8:30 AM on Melrose in Los Angeles, which is, there's great stores there. I don't know if any of them are open anymore, but like, you know, this is a nice street and there's a homeless guy with an Erewan bag and a Nazi insignia, swastika. There's a lot going on there. But the point is, there were many instances like this. I took a lot of these pictures. And the question is, someone like that, Is it that that guy just needs a bed? As he pointed out, Spencer pointed out, they've spent $24 billion on these 40,000 people. I don't have a calculator in front of me, but that's an awful lot of money per person. But is it that these drug addicts just need a bed and a home and a place to stay, or is it that they are doing super meth, it's a real thing, I talked about it with Dr. Drew recently, and they are doing fentanyl and all of these other drugs, and it's just kind of everywhere. You don't have to go, I just went, trust me, it's kind of everywhere. Elon saw that, I think it's worth mentioning when Elon retweets these things, he wrote, "True." And it's just important 'cause he's amplifying this, that what's happening right now is that you've got Spencer Pratt, basically common sense, we have to get these people off the streets, but the solution is just not more beds. And how do you know that? Well, you also know that because Gavin Newsom, who was mayor of San Francisco, tried that for 10 years in San Francisco. It destroyed San Francisco. Then he became governor. That was the policy basically of the state and of these cities. So why is it, here's the question, why is it that Democrats don't want to acknowledge that there's a massive drug problem that is connected to the homeless problem? Why is that? It's rather strange. Here is Karen Bass with some just sort of anecdotally ridiculous commentary on the homeless situation in Los Angeles. Los Angeles. Women in their late 60s and 70s who have aged out of basically working in the service industry, no 401, no pension, maybe Social Security, but Social Security is not going to support you. So I would be reluctant to call an 80-year-old woman a zombie. I don't think that her drug abuse led to her being on the street. I think it was economic factors. And then what I say to everybody is, sleep on the street for a couple of weeks and tell me that your mental health is the same as it was before you were unhoused. My God, she is something else. Nobody's arguing that your mental health won't be worse after living on the street for a couple weeks. It probably will. Also because you'll be sleeping around a bunch of drug addicts. But having just been there, lady, there aren't 60- and 70-year-old women who were just kind of laid off or aged out of the service industry You're like, sure, she's implying that there were basically maids who were housekeepers at a Hilton, and then they're about 65, and then they're out of a job, they don't have a 401k, they don't have a pension, they didn't save anything, and next thing you know, they're smoking super meth on the corner of San Vicente and La Ciénega. Like, that's just not it. It's most, come to think of it, I'm not sure, did I see any women? Off the top of my head, I don't remember seeing any homeless women. Obviously there are homeless women, but the point is, she's taking like this sort of ridiculous example and extrapolating it, and also why are you so focused on not doing anything about the drug situation? And that's completely separate from doing something about— how about you do something about the general state of chaos that the city's in, the general state of economic inactivity that leads to people not having jobs and being depressed and perhaps then doing drugs and everything else? All of this, everything about her affect and everything, is a perfect example of what my friend Gad Saad calls suicidal empathy. That's also the title of his new book, which came out last week, and he sold Sold so many freaking copies that even the New York Times couldn't cheat him and put him at number 1, and their whole list is fabricated, but he obviously just blew everybody out of the water. Here he is about a week ago with Rogan talking about what suicidal empathy is and what it does to the host. For me to completely zombify you and hijack you, I also need to zombify your affective system. That's where suicidal empathy comes in. So if I can hijack both your cognitive and emotional systems, you become a wood cricket, which we could talk about what that reference is if you want. What's a wood cricket? So the wood cricket is an insect that abhors water. It wants nothing to do with water. But when it is parasitized by a neuroparasite called the brain hairworm— well, I've seen this, right? The hairworm needs the wood cricket to happily and merrily commit suicide by jumping into the water because that's the only way that the hairworm can complete its reproductive cycle. So once the hairworm hijacks the wood cricket's ability to think and to invoke its survival instinct, it erases its survival instinct, then it is owned by the hairworm. And so I use that principle to explain suicidal empathy Monday AI agents took over my work. And I absolutely love it! Chasing deadlines, writing status reports, updating stakeholders— agents handle the daily grind now. They live inside monday.com, so they see the full picture. My work, my team, the whole company. And I don't have to worry about the data. It's safe. Which means I'm free to focus on the big stuff, knowing everything runs smoothly in the background. It's completely shifted the way we work. Create your own AI agent in minutes on monday.com. High-interest debt is one of the toughest opponents you'll face, unless you power up with a SoFi Personal Loan. A SoFi Personal Loan could repackage your bad debt into one low fixed-rate monthly payment. It's even got super speed since you can get the funds as soon as the same day you sign. Visit sofi.com/power to learn more. That's sofi.com/power. Loans originated by SoFi Bank NA, member FDIC, terms and conditions apply, NMLS 696891. Man, I love that guy, and he's just such an unbelievable communicator. You know, Gad is a behavioral psychologist, right? And that example of the wood cricket right there, it's the perfect example of what's happening with these people in Los Angeles, right? What does he talk about? You have to hijack two of your systems, your cognitive system and your emotional system. So your cognitive system is what you see in front of you and what you can think about, And just realize, so let's say you're in Los Angeles and you're just, you're trying to walk into, pick a store, what store do you like over there in LA? What do we like, guys? You're trying to go into Erewhon, you've got, you wanna buy a $21 Hailey Bieber smoothie and you're walking to Erewhon and suddenly you're passing all of these homeless people. Well, if they've hijacked already, if they've hijacked your cognitive system, you won't even think anything about it, right? Because you'll just be like, oh, there's just homeless people everywhere. You won't cognitively put together, well, how could this hap— how did this happen? What are the reasons that this might have happened? Are there economic reasons? Are there social reasons? Et cetera, et cetera. And then your emotional system has to be overridden too, so that instead of doing something that might be right for these people, like getting them off the streets and figuring out true ways to get them off drugs, you'll basically be like, oh, don't bother them, that would somehow be racist, or it would be imperialistic, or something else. And next thing you know, you are the wood cricket who's got the parasite, and you are drowning because your whole your whole society. I mean, see what's going in Los Angeles. It's fine for the people up in the hills, but for everybody else down there, they are the wood cricket that is drowning. And speaking of drowning wood crickets, much of it's being led, it's not just Karen Bass that Spencer Pratt is going against. Karen Bass, as crazy as this is, she's the moderate Democrat here, right? And moderate only by Democrat standards. She's a far left nutbag, but there's someone even more far left than her. It's this woman, Nithya Raman, who's also running. And of course, she's, saying that Spencer Pratt is bringing fascism. The kind of language that he uses, it's incendiary. It is, you know, it— to me, we've seen what happens when politicians use this kind of incendiary language across the country. It's been dangerous. A response that's rooted in actually solving these problems. Otherwise, people will turn to fascism to mini-Trump, which is who I think Spencer Pratt really represents. God, these people are— they're just boring, you know what I mean? Like, more than anything else, in some sense, they're just boring. Yes, Spencer Pratt's rhetoric is incendiary. Um, could we make sure there's water in the fire hydrants? Could you get the super meth guy that's naked running down the street off the roadway? Yes, that's very incendiary. And of course, it's then fascism. Which she doesn't even know what fascism is, but the Democrats, in that they often use the government to collude with corporations to silence us, hint, hint, COVID, Biden administration, they're far closer to fascists. Spencer Pratt though, you wanna see some of his incendiary rhetoric? Again, it's just common sense stuff. This is not a guy who wanted to be into politics. He went on Billy Bush's podcast and basically here's some incendiary stuff. It's basic reality. By incendiary, She means basic reality. Everyone's missing who's voting for me. The only people that aren't are the socialists, the lunatics, and the communists. But any normal functioning brain that doesn't wanna step in human poop when they get their matcha is voting for me, which is a lot of people. It's a lot of people. You know, it's funny you said Erewhon before, but that's it. That was the example I was laying out. You go to Erewhon, it's one of these just fan— for those of you that haven't been, it's just one of these hyper fancy, ridiculous LA style places where most people love their smoothies. It was sweet, it was sweetened with dates, it was delicious. I just became Trump there. But he's making the point that you guys wanna go get your matcha, you guys are kind of coastal elitists, but then for some reason you don't wanna do anything about having to step in poop. Why is poop right in front of the door of the place, right? And then over time, less and less people are inclined to go to that store, that store closes, You can see how these things are all connected. So he is making, like, the average sane person, to whatever extent they still live in Los Angeles, if you don't vote for this guy, if you just don't vote or you don't vote for this guy, you'll get exactly what you deserve. And every time I go back there in the 5 years since I've left, it's gotten worse. And it will, and event, you know, things, people always say this, things get bad slowly and then rapidly. And what will the breaking point be? Here's one more from Pratt. People are that fed up. It's not political parties. Democrats are all my supporters. All the lunches I go to, all my fundraiser events, it's all Democrats. So they keep trying to put me in these other boxes or political— I don't represent anybody but Los Angeles citizens that are fed up, that want their tax money to actually make them feel safe, not go through potholes, have the street lights work, have sidewalks that actually exist, not covered in human poop and urine and fentanyl needles with naked zombies in front, excuse me, naked drug addicts. Zombies, drug addicts, it doesn't matter. Again, so it's just normal. Now I'll do a little blackpilling here because check this out from Polymarket just on what the betting odds are right now. 70% of people are betting that Karen Bass is gonna win. It's only 22% for Pratt, and thank God that lunatic Nithya Raman's only at 7%. You know, when I was in LA a week and a half or so ago, Larry Elder, and Larry knows a little bit about running in California, obviously ran to be governor against Newsom during the recall and everything. He said to me that he doesn't think Pratt has a chance. That he said zero, that is what he said. I don't remember if we were on air or not when he actually said that. Because of just the way the electorate is there, and that by, you can see what they're doing by trying to attach Trump to Pratt. In my world, that would be a good thing, but in the world of sort of brain-broken LA, whatever that person is at this point. Maybe attaching Trump is not good, but 70% chance she's still got. And you know, it's interesting 'cause when he talks about most of the people who show up and support me are Democrats, well, yeah, it's mostly a Democrat place, but that also feels to me exactly like what it was like when Larry Elder was running against Newsom, because we would go to all of these events and all of the people there, everyone thought they were gonna be these hardcore, right-wing conservatives, whatever the hell that means. And it was all these people were Democrats. They were restaurateurs who wanted to open up their restaurants again. They were people in Hollywood that wanted to go back to work. Like they were often, they were apolitical people. And simply there weren't enough of them then. Then the question is, will there be enough now? Let's put that down for a moment. But as long as I'm talking about my friend Larry Elder, you know, Larry has been telling me for years, about Relief Factor. Okay guys, and he had huge, crazy debilitating back pain for years. He absolutely loves this stuff. So we started talking to the Relief Factor guys about a month ago, and then I said, you know what, let's try this. I am playing ball. You guys know I put up a video in the— in Locals the other day, shooting threes still at this ripe old age. It's still out there. But I do come back after 3 hours 3 times a week, and I'm a little banged up and whatever. And I started taking Relief Factor. You can take one of these packets. I'm gonna take it right now. I have not taken my packet for the day. I'm doing drugs, I am. And I'm telling you, like, the little aches and pains go away. And look at this, can catch a ball. It's incredible, it's incredible. Guys, Relief Factor, there you go, is 100% drug-free, research-based formula designed to support your body's healthy response to everyday aches and pains. Whether it's sore muscles after exercise, stiffness from aging, or the wear and tear of daily life, Relief Factor was created to help you stay active and keep doing the things you love. It features ingredients like resveratrol, omega-3s, turmeric, icarin, and black pepper, all working together to support joint and muscle comfort. I'm telling you, my joints do feel better. Many people start noticing less soreness and discomfort within a couple weeks, and I felt it too. Since Relief Factor— since starting Relief Factor, it's been easier to stay active and enjoy the things I love without constantly thinking about the aches and the stiffness. If neck, back, shoulder, hip, or knee discomfort has been slowing you down, give Relief Factor a try. Their 3-week quick start is just $19.95. Visit relieffactor.com or call 800-4-RELIEF. Throw me that ball again. Look at that. Look at that. There you go. All right, get out of here. Get out of here. Now I have a great story. You've probably all heard it already, but we had a 3-day weekend, so we couldn't get to it. It over the last couple days, but Stephen Colbert, that vaccine-dancing leftist dingbat, is officially off the air. Apparently CBS decided that this guy who's pulling in about 2 million people a night with all of that promotion, with a staff, they showed a picture of the staff, can you get that picture of the staff? About 200 people working on the show. He's making about 20 mil a year. They finally were like, you know, oh, I guess insulting half the nation and lying about everything isn't the best way to have a late night comedy show. Well, he's done and it ended, well, it ended rather unceremoniously, I would say. It ended with him doing a bit with Jon Stewart. Jon Stewart, another guy who, you know, a late night guy who should have really been what Bill Maher has become, you know, like a stalwart or a bulwark for liberalism, but has just become a far left loon. But here they are as the show was signing off, Stewart and Colbert together. See, Stephen, I'm here on behalf of Paramount. They wanted me to read this statement. I kind of have to do what they say because, you know, I'm not the one who got canceled for stealing printer cartridges. That's not why I was canceled. Quote: Paramount strongly believes in covering both sides of any black hole that is swallowing everything we know and love. Any coverage must also include the positive aspects of the insatiable emptiness. You know what? That's fair. It is. I didn't think my show would end like this, but still grateful. Yeah. Look, Stephen, I'm going to be real with you. I need to ask you something. Oh, of course, Jon. Let me just first take a sip of water. Ha ha ha ha ha. Wait, there must be more. Maybe I didn't— they didn't get to the funny part yet. There's got to be something funny happening here. Can you please continue? Do you think you might be in a little bit of denial? No! You shut your stupid wet face! I'm not in denial. What denial? Stephen, don't you see? This hole isn't a hole. It's a metaphor. Hey, guys, what are you talking about? Okay, it's a literal hole. But the point is, the hole's here. You can't ignore it. The only choice you have now is how you choose to walk through it. You can go in kicking and screaming. That one. Or you can do what you've done for the past 30 years when faced with something dark. You stare it down and you can laugh. I'm sorry, John, just can't think of any jokes to say about my giant gaping hole. Really nothing, did it? No. Oh, is that it? Yeah. So, okay, so that's how the show ended. Like, just not funny, canned laugh. Like, it's a perfect ending for an utter disaster. Here's Truth— here's Trump on Truth: Stephen Colbert's firing from CBS was the beginning of the end for untalented, nasty, highly overpaid, not funny, and very poorly rated late night television host. That's better written than anything that Colbert did. Others of even less talent to soon follow. May they all rest in peace. President Donald Trump. Look, I get it. For anyone that's reading that, that's like, Trump, there's enough going on. Why are you doing that stuff? Fine, I get it. It's Trump. It's just what he is. And then Trump put this up, which I think is AI. I'm not totally sure, but you know, just checking. Come back to our final broadcast, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, I mean, like, that's funnier actually than Colbert. Like, objectively funnier. That's just the truth. But the reason I'm even covering this now, 'cause it happened a couple days ago, is that we are watching something culturally change, right? The idea that all the late night hosts have to march in lockstep and be ridiculously partisan Democrats and be progressive activists basically, and have nobody on the outside of that except the guys that are outside of the sort of network system, the two guys, right? So it's Gutfeld over on Fox, who of course then is number one 'cause he's doing something different than all of those guys. You would think if for no other reason than just ratings that someone at one of those networks might be like, oh, why don't we try it differently? Instead they just give you the same guys, O'Kimmel does does the same thing that Colbert does, does the same thing that Fallon does, and the other guy, and the other one, and the other guy. Like, they're all the same. And then of course Bill Maher on HBO is the counterbalance to some of that, but he's kind of, in some sense, he's been pushed out of the industry at this point. Here's Brian Stelter, a man who got fired for poor journalism to then teach a course on journalism at Harvard, only to get hired back at CNN, and here he is explaining that the world was a little less bleak when we had Stephen Colbert. So, um, a lot of people going to miss him, certainly. Uh, just like— didn't make the world a little bit less bleak? That's right. It's a really special format. That's right. Well, that's the thing. The Late Show is about more than Colbert. It was about top 10 lists and stupid human tricks and all the rest. It was about that experience at the end of the night. And that's what we're losing in this country. And it's bigger than the late night, I think, Sarah. Yeah, losing in this country and losing in New York City where you can go see the show. Guys, it was a really special format, what he did. What he did would— he'd give a monologue, and then he would do a bit, and then he would do a canned interview, and then they would have somebody play music. It was really special. Nobody else had been doing that for the last 50 or 60 years. Also, stupid pet tricks and top 10 lists, those were Letterman. Did Colbert do either one of those? I don't think so. Nobody even knows because nobody watched. But the wor— oh yeah, Yes, the world is a little less bleak thanks to Stephen Colbert, because here he was cleaning up some of the bleakness. I think we can all agree, fuck ICE. Now— Man, did that guy know how to make things less bleak. But of course that wasn't his worst moment, and I hope this is actually and finally the last time we will ever have to play this. This is the single worst thing that he did. It is the most debasing, grotesque, pathetic, pandering— insert adjective of your choice— fiasco I have ever seen. Enjoy. The vaccine. I hope the couple hundred mil you got during the whole run was worth it, man. It probably was. Yeah, sure, you danced, you danced to get people injected with something that they had no idea what they were getting injected with, but I really do hope the cash was worth it. I want to just contrast that very quickly, with one 45-second video. You know, I mention Johnny Carson all the time, and I realize, I guess, the older that I get, that I was hugely influenced by Johnny, even though when the show went off the air in 1992, I was only 16 or so. But I just, there was something about The Carson Tonight Show and seeing clips of Johnny and decency that I think, I don't know, a little bit of it, I suppose, rubbed off on me, and a way that he was, human and real and everything else. So, in contrast to Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert with that black hole canned laughter, whatever that was, here are the last 45 seconds of the Johnny Carson Tonight Show from 1992. And so it has come to this. I am one of the lucky people in the world. I found something I always wanted to do, and I have enjoyed every single minute of it. I want to thank the gentleman who shared this stage with me for 30 years, Mr. Ed McMahon, Mr. Doc Severinsen. And you people watching, I can only tell you that it has been an honor and a privilege to come into your homes all these years and entertain you. And I hope when I find something that I want to do and I think you will like and come back, that you'll be as gracious inviting me into your home as you have been. I bid you a very heartfelt good night. I kid you not, I remember I stayed up. You know, I was, I was not a, uh, like a late night kid, and I was not a, uh, I was not a— in high school I was going to sleep literally at like 9:30 at night. I remember staying up to watch that whole episode that night. And I remember getting choked up at the end, even though I didn't watch a ton of it, as I said before, and over the years I've watched a lot more. But that, what he did right there explains the magic of a guy who did this for decades and brought people together and didn't want to make people hate each other or hate the President of the United States or anything else. So when Trump now goes, "Get rid of these guys, and they're awful," and everything else, I was like, you guys have done damage to the fabric of America. At some point, you know, especially as the internet takes us all into our own little avenues and we have algorithms catered to ourselves and you might get your news from me but your neighbor might get it from someone who thinks the complete polar opposite, at some point we have nothing that makes us common anymore, right? Or we have nothing in common anymore. We have no communal spaces. Not just physical spaces, but digital spaces as well. And so goodbye, Stephen Colbert. I hope I never have to talk about you again on the show. You know, I'm sure you'll reappear somewhere, but you had an incredible— what a gift, I guess, is what I would say. Forget the money and the fame and all the other stuff. What an incredible gift it would be, like, you get this chance to be on network television, to be quite literally in every home in the nation every single night, and you can use that for good or bad. You can use it to like, I don't know, most people are in bed watching it, and give them something funny, and then maybe they don't even make it to the end of the show. That used to be the joke about The Tonight Show, right? Like nobody even sees the musical guests 'cause they're on at the end. You could have done something decent, and you chose to do something another way, and then we wonder why we're in this very strange, you know, culture war that we're in. Fighter on the wrong side of the culture war has been removed from the equation. I think that is good. Uh, let's talk about Mars Men for just a second, and then we will get an update on the Iran situation. At some point you start to notice things feel just a little different. Your energy isn't quite the same, workouts don't hit like they used to, and staying lean takes a lot more effort than it should. A big part of that comes down to testosterone levels naturally declining as you get older. That's where Mars Men comes in. It's designed to support healthy testosterone levels using natural ingredients so your body can burn fat more efficiently efficiently build lean muscle and keep your energy steady throughout the day. No weird stimulants, no synthetic hormones, just clean-tested ingredients that help your body perform the way it used to. If you're ready to feel stronger, leaner, and more like yourself again, this is worth trying. For a limited time, you can get 50% off for life, plus free shipping and 3 free gifts at mengotomars.com. All right, so let's get an update on the Iran situation. You know, basically we had a 40-day military operation. We had about month-long, maybe a little bit less, blockade of the Strait of Hormuz while we did some of this negotiation situation, some in Pakistan, back and forth, couldn't quite get an agreement. Then it started feeling like we were maybe gonna get something over the weekend. It's, the ink has not dried. It's a little unclear if there's any ink on the paper right now, but they seem to be getting closer to something here. Here's Trump on truth. I am in the Oval Office at the White House where we just had a very a good phone call with President Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates, Emir Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, Prime Minister Mohammed bin Al Barabaran and bin Jassim, and there's a whole bunch of guys, okay? He met with a whole bunch of guys. Erdoğan of Turkey, el-Sisi of Egypt, Abdallah of Jordan, and a few others concerning the Islamic Republic of Iran. I don't have to read all those names. Like everyone's like, oh, that's my favorite one. And all the things related to the memorandum of understanding pertaining to peace. An agreement has largely been negotiated, subject to finalization, between the United States of America, the Islamic Republic of Iran, and various other countries as listed. Separately, I had a call with Prime Minister Bibi of Israel, which likewise went very well. Final aspects and details of the deal are currently being discussed and will be announced shortly. Shortly, in addition to many other elements of agreement. The Strait of Hormuz will be open. Thank you for your attention to this matter, President Donald J. Trump. So, okay, so he got everybody involved. All the names that I read and half read, those are basically all of the countries around Iran. We gotta get everybody on board this thing. He talked to Bibi over in Israel. Can we now get a deal that will, at the very minimum, do what Trump set out to do, which was you guys will not have access to a nuclear weapon, you are not gonna have this material, and we also basically broke, as Marco Rubio called, their nuclear umbrella, meaning their defense system that was allowing them to rush towards getting a bomb. Seems like we've done most of that. Now there's the hangup over the Strait of Hormuz. Here's a bit more from Trump. If I make a deal with Iran, it will be good and proper one, not like the one made by Obama, which gave Iran massive amounts of cash and a clear and open path to a nuclear weapon. Our deal is the exact opposite, but nobody has seen it or knows what it is. It isn't even fully negotiated yet. So don't listen to the losers who are critical about something they know nothing about. Unlike those before me who should have solved this problem many years ago, I don't make bad deals. President Donald J. Trump. Now that seems right to me, right? Trump has said for 40 years these guys are not gonna get a nuke. They are not good guys. We went in, we banged them up. Navy's on the bottom of the ocean, don't have an Air Force anymore. Air supremacy by us, like, and now you guys are not going to get a weapon. So we will see. There's negotiations happening right now. There's one other piece of this, which is something that I've said for 2 months, that my feeling was at the end of the war, whatever happens during the war, look, we wanted, certain amount of people wanted the Iranian people to rise up and take over from the mullahs. It doesn't look like that's gonna happen. You don't know exactly how I don't know how everything's gonna happen, but one thing that I kept saying from the beginning is that I think that when we end this thing, that suddenly a bunch of these Arab and Gulf states will be like, "You know what? Maybe there's actual room for peace, and the time of Iran exporting terror throughout all of our countries via their proxies, maybe it's over." And here's Trump, or here's Fox reporting that Trump said he made signing the Abraham Accords, an expansion of the Abraham Accords, a mandatory requirement for any deal. Fox News alert moments ago, President Trump confirming reports that he linked an expansion of Abraham Accords to his negotiations for an Iran deal. The president writes, during my discussions on Saturday, I stated that after all the work done by the United States to try and pull this very complex puzzle together, it should be mandatory that all of these countries at a minimum simultaneously sign on to the Abraham Accords. Those countries discussed are Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Qatar, Pakistan, Turkey, Egypt, Jordan, and Bahrain. Most should be ready, willing, and able to make this settlement with Iran a far more historic event than it would otherwise be. If Iran signs its agreement with me as President of the United States of America, it will be an honor to have them also be part of this unparalleled world coalition. So now it seems to me we're getting to what Trump's endgame was. Trump wanted peace. And I know a certain set of people did not want Trump to go to war for any reason whatsoever. But I think Trump was basically trying to go to war here to get enough leverage over the Iranians to show them this thing's not— you're not getting nukes, you're not going to export terror anymore, and show some of those other nations that there can be peace in the Middle East if you just get over the endless attempt to destroy Israel. Well, they're not your enemy, as has been proven over the last 60 days, right? It was Iran firing at all these guys. Now the question is, will some of these countries get on board? I actually could see him somehow moving Qatar. Saudi Arabia was very, very close right before October 7th, then they backed away. It sounds like the older generation The older generation doesn't want to do it, the younger generation does, we'll see about that. Turkey, I mean, they've got a full-on Islamist leader with Erdoğan. I don't know what happens with Turkey. So I'm not saying it's all going to happen, but it's interesting that what Trump is trying to say is, hey, at the end of this thing, guys, I want Middle East peace, do you want it? And by the way, that is directly connected to the speech he gave in Riyadh a year ago, right after he got sworn in. Remember, he went to Saudi Arabia, and basically said, "Hey guys, the US is leading again. We're not gonna tell you all how to live or what to do, but if you wanna get on board American success, this is your chance to do it." And now he's offering them something. He's saying, "Guys, let's wrap up this Iran thing. Let's sign some peace deals. Let's have some sovereign nations there that are not trying to destroy each other, and maybe some good things will happen." Of course, all of this has been around the nuclear stuff more than anything else. Here's one more from Trump on truth. The enriched uranium. Nuclear dust will either be immediately turned over to the United States to be brought home and destroyed, or preferably in conjunction and coordination with the Islamic Republic of Iran, destroyed in a place or at another acceptable location with the Atomic Energy Commission or its equivalent being witness to this process and event. Thank you for attention to this matter. Okay, so that would be interesting, right? Like, that seems to me, if there's a red line here, it's leaving them with any nuclear material or capability. I don't see any which way that Trump can walk from this thing and the Iranians be like, oh, you know, we've still got a bunch of nuclear material and we can get our way back to a bomb. And by the way, the real issue here, of course, is that Trump only has 2 years left. And if they lose the midterms, the Republicans lose the midterms, he's gonna be so hung up that the Democrats will be salivating to give cash back to the mullahs and everything else. But there is a once in a generation opportunity here to end the war, which in essence is over already, but to actually to actually change the world, to actually something that everybody wanted. If you would have asked everybody on Earth 10 years ago, do you want peace in the Middle East? Everyone would have said yes. Well, Trump's trying to get us close there, and obviously a certain set of people are not gonna be happy about it 'cause it's Trump doing it, but we will see where it goes. I thought this was interesting because Bill Maher, Bill Maher had Paul Anka on. Paul Anka, legendary musician, writer. You know, he wrote, he wrote, My Life. Everyone associates it with Frank Sinatra. My Way. Not My Life. My Way. Everyone thinks it's Sinatra that originally wrote it, but it was Paul Anka who wrote and sang it originally. And he's written a zillion other jingles and all sorts of stuff. Anyway, he had Paul Anka on, and somehow Paul Anka and Bill Maher started talking about Iran and Trump's decision. And listen to Bill's rationalization. Next couple of weeks are gonna be interesting, pal. What do you mean? Well, you mentioned our president. Yeah, about what? Well, I just think— War? Things have to calm down. I think we've got to get an off-ramp here. And I think there has to be some changes because you're dealing with 100 million people that are very stubborn and smart and et cetera, et cetera. I'm— you know, I think this ain't an easy one, pal. It's not an easy one. But all great endeavors— and it could turn out to be a great endeavor because if they do, get rid of that horrible— it's a fascist theocracy. It's fine with me if this is where it stays as far as damage done. Nothing— I think it's unrealistic to ever expect anything, any great endeavor not to cost lives. Right. That was the part I wanted to show you, that it's messy. It's messy to do things. But could we actually take out one of the world's last —fascist theocracies, which by the way he used those words correctly, as opposed to the Democrats who use them incorrectly. Kind of, "Trump's a fascist! We're living in a theocracy!" No. The mullahs? Yeah. Fascists. Theocrats. Okay. So it's going to be a little bit messy, but the fact that you've got even the last remaining sane liberals on the Trump side of this thing I think is good, so we will find out more, and I think as I've been saying for for a couple months. I think that as we get closer to July 4th, America's 250th, if we get some peace deal around that, there is just go— I'm telling you, there's going to be a resurgence, particularly as people watch what's going on in New York City and watch what's going on in Los Angeles and just the haywire way the lefties have become so America-hating and wanna upend everything that is decent. There is going to be a resurgence of patriotism like we probably have never seen in our lifetime. Maybe, maybe in 1976 on our 200th anniversary. I was born a week before that, so I don't remember it, but I'm gonna guess there was a pretty good resurgence of patriotism, but the country was kind of sane at the time. I think something's gonna happen. I do wanna mention one thing that also happened over the weekend that was very sad to hear, unfortunately, but you probably know this already. This is from Tulsi Gabbard. I'm deeply grateful for the trust President Trump placed in me and for the opportunity to lead ODNI Gov for the last year and a half. Unfortunately, I must submit my resignation effective June 30th, 2026. My husband Abraham has recently been diagnosed with an extremely rare form of bone cancer. He faces major challenges in the coming weeks. At this time, I must step away from public service to be by his side and fully support him through this battle. Before I read you a bit more, I just wanna say, obviously, you guys know, I know Tulsi very well and we're friends, and I know Abraham, and we've had dinner many times, and he is a good, decent person. I don't even know what his political beliefs are. Like, we usually don't even talk about politics, but Tulsi was, I think, a key part of getting Donald Trump elected, a key part of showing that the liberals could be part of MAGA, and we will find out, I'll have more on this in just a sec, a little bit about the work she's been doing as head of DNI, but stepping away, you know, what could be more righteous than stepping away to deal with, you know, your young husband. I mean, my guess is he's in his late 30s, maybe early 40s, who's dealing with this rare cancer. So we'll leave that there, but just a bit more on the politics around it. This is from Nick Sorter. Just in, President Trump puts out an incredibly supportive statement following Tulsi Gabbard's resignation due to her husband's bone cancer. Tulsi has done an incredible job, and we will miss her. Her wonderful husband Abraham has been recently diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer, and she rightfully wants to be with him, bringing him back to good health as they currently fight a tough battle together. President Trump was very— always very happy with Tulsi Gabbard's work exposing Barack Hussein Obama, shouting her out for it many times. She caught Obama red-handed. So the question that I think a lot of a lot of people are asking right now is what— Tulsi, over the last year or so, while she's been the head of DNI, has made a couple pretty big statements, particularly as it relates to Obama and the election and Russia collusion and all the rest of it. And the question is, is she going to hand Donald Trump something on her way out, which is in a little over a month from now? Is she going to hand him something that really is going to be evidence that Barack Obama did something related to the election. Well, here's Trump back in July of '25 talking about what Tulsi was working on. Monday AI agents took over my work and I absolutely love it. Chasing deadlines, writing status reports, updating stakeholders. Agents handle the daily grind now. They live inside monday.com, so they see the full picture. My work, my team, the whole company. And I don't have to worry about the data. It's safe, which means I'm free to focus on the big stuff knowing everything runs smoothly in the background. It's completely shifted the way we work. Create your own AI agent in minutes on monday.com. Today we'll attempt a feat once thought impossible: overcoming high-interest credit card debt. It requires merely one thing: a SoFi personal loan. With it, you could save big Save big on interest charges by consolidating into one low fixed-rate monthly payment. Defy high-interest debt with a SoFi personal loan. Visit sofi.com/stunt to learn more. Loans originated by SoFi Bank NA, member FDIC. Terms and conditions apply. NMLS 696891. The witch hunt that you should be talking about is they caught President Obama absolutely cold. Tulsi Gabbard, uh, what they did to this country and 2016, starting in 2016, but going up all the way, going up to 2020 in the election. They tried to rig the election and they got caught, and there should be very severe consequences for that. Yeah. And here's Tulsi herself just a few days after that. Emily, go ahead. Thank you. Um, and Director Gabbard, this one is for you. Do you believe that any of this new information implicates former President President Obama in criminal behavior? We have referred and will continue to refer all of these documents to the Department of Justice and the FBI to investigate the criminal implications of this. For even former President Obama? Correct. The evidence that we have found and that we have released directly point to President Obama leading the manufacturing of this intelligence assessment. There are multiple Pieces of evidence and intelligence that confirm that fact. OK, so that's just about a year ago, and that is Tulsi herself saying Barack Obama was directly connected, in essence, to the Russia-Russia collusion hoax. When Trump was first running, how did they basically fabricate this whole idea that he was a Russian plant? So the question that I think most people are asking, I think across the board I saw everybody— you know, there was obviously a lot of sympathy. Sympathy towards Tulsi's situation with her husband. But the main political question is, okay, so you've had a year since then to put something together, and will you be putting something on the president's desk before you step down? So we shall see. I just want to do one more thing on Memorial Day because obviously it's as important a holiday as we can possibly have to honor the people who lost their lives so that we could be free and do the silly things that we do on a day-to-day basis. I asked the guys right before we started, did Bernie or AOC or a couple of the other usual suspects, did they even tweet about Memorial Day? Bernie did not tweet about Memorial Day. AOC did not tweet about Memorial Day. Ilhan Omar actually did, so why don't we give credit where credit's due? On Memorial Day, we honor the brave service members who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We're forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. Otherwise. In her case, she's talking about the 9/11 hijackers, but mwah, mwah. If you think it's not just ridiculous that many Democrats, many mainstream Democrats, that they couldn't choke out a sentence on Memorial Day, look what the official DNC account put up. This is from Newsmax. The Democratic National Committee tweeting today in one of the most tone-deaf things I've seen from the Democrats since that Kamala enjoy the long weekend thing. A couple years ago, the DNC tweeted, quote, "Today we honor the American heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice in Trump's war with Iran." Again, on the surface, there's nothing really wrong with that tweet, but then you look at it again, you read it again, and you realize the Democrats are trying to use the death of 13 American soldiers to score political points on Memorial Day. One of the few days that should not be about politics. Yeah, I mean, it's just so disgusting and there is no low, there is no bottom to the pit or whatever. Like everything's about politics for these people. Everything is about the revolution. However, that is not how I'm going to end the show. I'd rather contrast that with Trump's message on Memorial Day. Those who have gone before us in battle have redeemed the promise of our founding for for each future generation. They've not just made the ultimate sacrifice, they've offered the ultimate proof that we Americans do indeed love liberty. We do cherish the self-government given to us by our forefathers. We do believe with all our souls in the mission that God has given to America, and we do intend with all our strength and heart to hold high the torch our heroes handed to us, and we will never, ever let it fall. Thank you very much. You are special, special people. We love you all. God bless the families of the fallen. God bless the men and women who serve. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much, everybody. Yeah, that's the right message, and it's true, and we better honor those people. You know, I was thinking last night— let me just end on this— I was thinking about 10 o'clock, we put the kids down, I was just sitting outside. I was literally sitting outside by myself. I just wanted to, like, clear my mind before, you know, after a long weekend. And I was thinking about, um, you know, how I was going to do the show today and all of those things. And if you think about, you know, I was thinking about my two grandfathers, both were in World War II. I had other family members and Korean War and Vietnam War and things like that, and we've all had, you all, everyone watching this probably has some family member that served, maybe didn't make it back or whatever. If those people knew, like if my two grandfathers who are, they didn't die in the war, but who are no longer with us, like if they knew that in 2026 there would be full-on socialists and communists and anarchists running across America, and there would be a political party that would have a guy with a Nazi tattoo a tattoo on, and they would be talking about how great communism is and socialism. Like, what do you think they would think? It's impossible to even fathom it, I think, to some extent, how far we've fallen, because it happens slowly. And it really is now our work to make sure that the thousands and thousands of people— is there any— can we even get a number on that? How many Americans have died in war? How many Americans have died in war? I guess really starting since the— I guess you'd probably start at the War of Independence. What is it? 1.3 million. Starting with the War of Independence? Is that right? Starting with— All right, we're gonna try to get an exact number on that, but it sounds like 1.3 million Americans have died in war, and we're only 250 years old. And at 250, if the founders were looking right now, and they were looking at what some of the Democrats are saying, and that New York City, you know, has basically become the epicenter of communism, it is communism, not just socialism, I think they'd be really worried. I think a lot of the people who fought for us would be incredibly dismayed. Since the Revolutionary War, 1.3 million Americans It's worth thinking about. All right. That's our Monday show. Do we have an announcement I can make for the Locals people shortly? That thing that I was trying to pull off. Do you think we can kind of— we can't make it right now. All right. We'll have to do that tomorrow. But in any event, we got a postgame show in 30 seconds. RubinReport.locals.com. Thanks for watching, everybody. Ciao."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "This is a monday.com ad. The same monday.com designed for every team. The same monday.com with built-in AI scaling your work from day one. The same monday.com with an easy and intuitive setup. Go to monday.com and try it for free. Being outside is good for us. It's that simple. And trails make it easy for us to walk, bike, and be active outside in our own backyards. On the trail, we see people moving, connecting with their communities, making the places where they live great. For 40 years, Rails to Trails Conservancy has led the way, creating trail across the country, making it safer and easier for everyone to get outside. They want you to get involved. Find your trail and start your journey today at rails2trails.org/iheart and follow @rails2trails on social. The Florida Man. Rubin Report lie. Me. Governor Ron DeSantis. Adam Carolla. Jillian Michaels. This is an app where they plot the human feces. We gonna do maximum warfare against Republicans. You hit one of these people, that's their fault for impinging on you. All right, let's go eat some Chick-fil-A. So Mark Carney went to a Vancouver Pride parade. I just— yeah, I'm just trying to get comfortable. Hey, up there in the Negro balcony, can you see how comfortable I am with the trans and LGBT+? Can we get the translation on that one? He's like, dude, I'll do Chinese, I can't do Somali. Thank you, God bless you, I love you. Sir, this is a window. Sorry, ¡Hey! Why, hello there. I'm Dave Rubin. This is The Rubin Report. It's May 26th, 2026. That is right, one month from today I turn the big 5-0. Can you guys believe it? I don't know how it's possible. One day you're 90, you don't know how it happened. Life is very, very strange. Also, couple weeks, as you know, daverubin.com/events. Join us right here with the gov, with Carolla, with Jillian. You might be wondering what happened to the picture of Ben Shapiro. It's not a trademark issue. I spoke to Ben over the weekend. We knew about this and we knew there was a chance. His wife is pregnant and she's about to pop. And unless she gives birth in the next like week and a half, then he can come. He just does not wanna go that far from home. So he's likely out. So we're just removing him from the image for now. And we may bring in someone else. I'm in discussions with a couple other people, but whether Ben's there or not, it's gonna be a great night. And we're looking forward to seeing you guys. And let's dive into an old-fashioned program. I hope everybody's refreshed and recharged and had a nice weekend. And really more than anything else, I hope you took a moment to honor our fallen soldiers yesterday beyond just doing the barbecue and everything else. Like, there is a price to pay for freedom, as we all know, and some people actually do end up paying it. So, all right, let's leave that there. Let's dive in. There's a lot going on. We're gonna start with this, this LA mayoral situation, which in a weird sense has become much bigger than just Los Angeles. There are certain local races that then sort of map things in a narrative sense across the country. And I think this LA situation is one of them because you basically either have status quo, progressive, usual, we're going to slowly destroy everything while we smile at you Democrats, that would be Karen Bass, or you have this guy Spencer Pratt, who quite literally was not involved in politics until this, then his house and his parents' house burned down, house across the street from him burned down with the guy in it who is no longer with us, and he became radicalized and got into politics. Obviously, what he's doing, and especially these AI videos, which as I pointed out, they're not coming directly from his campaign, it's just people that like him that are just mastering the magic of AI and putting out this really memeable stuff. His campaign is catching on because he's basically just saying, guys, common sense, less drug addicts and naked people on the street. Let's make sure we do basic things when it comes to fire prevention. Et cetera, et cetera. And anyone that's in LA, and you guys know I was there 2 weeks ago, you would just have to walk down some of the iconic places, literally walk down Hollywood Boulevard. If anyone's watching this today and is in Los Angeles, if you wanna take a video walking down Hollywood Boulevard and send it to us, we'll play it on the show tomorrow, just so you can see the filth, so you can see the drugs. It's a joy, it's a real joy. Anyway, he obviously is catching fire across the country. Whether that'll translate to LA, the micro voter of LA, we will see. But he's also doing a nice job when it comes to mainstream media. Here he is being asked about his plans for the homeless, and they really wanna frame it because he's talking about these homeless people and he's talking about these drug addicts, they wanna frame it that he's very mean and everything else, but he's doing a nice job. What are your plans for the over 40,000 homeless in Los Angeles? Yeah, it's, well, they're not homeless, they're drug addicts. Most of these people are addicted to fentanyl and meth. This isn't Spencer making it up. Are you saying they don't have homes? There is places for all of these people to sleep in LA. No matter what anybody tells you, we have housing and shelter for everyone that's living on the street. They are choosing to be on the street because they wanna do drugs, they don't want rules, they don't wanna listen, they wanna have animals to abuse. This idea that they're forced on the street right now is a lie. That our city is perpetuating. We've paid $24 billion to house these 40,000 people. There are spots for all of these people. They are choosing because they're an addict and you can do fentanyl and super meth on the sidewalk with no repercussions. Okay, all true. You know, I mentioned to you guys a couple weeks ago when I was in LA, I did that ridiculous surrounded show. I think it'll be out in a week or so. And I'm surrounded by, it was me, like MAGA Dave versus 20 far left lunatics or whatever. And they all were doing the same thing about homeless people. They need more beds, they need more housing. We walked around Los Angeles. You wanna throw the image up real quick, Connor? I mean, literally, this was 8:30 AM on Melrose in Los Angeles, which is, there's great stores there. I don't know if any of them are open anymore, but like, you know, this is a nice street and there's a homeless guy with an Erewan bag and a Nazi insignia, swastika. There's a lot going on there. But the point is, there were many instances like this. I took a lot of these pictures. And the question is, someone like that, Is it that that guy just needs a bed? As he pointed out, Spencer pointed out, they've spent $24 billion on these 40,000 people. I don't have a calculator in front of me, but that's an awful lot of money per person. But is it that these drug addicts just need a bed and a home and a place to stay, or is it that they are doing super meth, it's a real thing, I talked about it with Dr. Drew recently, and they are doing fentanyl and all of these other drugs, and it's just kind of everywhere. You don't have to go, I just went, trust me, it's kind of everywhere. Elon saw that, I think it's worth mentioning when Elon retweets these things, he wrote, "True." And it's just important 'cause he's amplifying this, that what's happening right now is that you've got Spencer Pratt, basically common sense, we have to get these people off the streets, but the solution is just not more beds. And how do you know that? Well, you also know that because Gavin Newsom, who was mayor of San Francisco, tried that for 10 years in San Francisco. It destroyed San Francisco. Then he became governor. That was the policy basically of the state and of these cities. So why is it, here's the question, why is it that Democrats don't want to acknowledge that there's a massive drug problem that is connected to the homeless problem? Why is that? It's rather strange. Here is Karen Bass with some just sort of anecdotally ridiculous commentary on the homeless situation in Los Angeles. Los Angeles. Women in their late 60s and 70s who have aged out of basically working in the service industry, no 401, no pension, maybe Social Security, but Social Security is not going to support you. So I would be reluctant to call an 80-year-old woman a zombie. I don't think that her drug abuse led to her being on the street. I think it was economic factors. And then what I say to everybody is, sleep on the street for a couple of weeks and tell me that your mental health is the same as it was before you were unhoused. My God, she is something else. Nobody's arguing that your mental health won't be worse after living on the street for a couple weeks. It probably will. Also because you'll be sleeping around a bunch of drug addicts. But having just been there, lady, there aren't 60- and 70-year-old women who were just kind of laid off or aged out of the service industry You're like, sure, she's implying that there were basically maids who were housekeepers at a Hilton, and then they're about 65, and then they're out of a job, they don't have a 401k, they don't have a pension, they didn't save anything, and next thing you know, they're smoking super meth on the corner of San Vicente and La Ciénega. Like, that's just not it. It's most, come to think of it, I'm not sure, did I see any women? Off the top of my head, I don't remember seeing any homeless women. Obviously there are homeless women, but the point is, she's taking like this sort of ridiculous example and extrapolating it, and also why are you so focused on not doing anything about the drug situation? And that's completely separate from doing something about— how about you do something about the general state of chaos that the city's in, the general state of economic inactivity that leads to people not having jobs and being depressed and perhaps then doing drugs and everything else? All of this, everything about her affect and everything, is a perfect example of what my friend Gad Saad calls suicidal empathy. That's also the title of his new book, which came out last week, and he sold Sold so many freaking copies that even the New York Times couldn't cheat him and put him at number 1, and their whole list is fabricated, but he obviously just blew everybody out of the water. Here he is about a week ago with Rogan talking about what suicidal empathy is and what it does to the host. For me to completely zombify you and hijack you, I also need to zombify your affective system. That's where suicidal empathy comes in. So if I can hijack both your cognitive and emotional systems, you become a wood cricket, which we could talk about what that reference is if you want. What's a wood cricket? So the wood cricket is an insect that abhors water. It wants nothing to do with water. But when it is parasitized by a neuroparasite called the brain hairworm— well, I've seen this, right? The hairworm needs the wood cricket to happily and merrily commit suicide by jumping into the water because that's the only way that the hairworm can complete its reproductive cycle. So once the hairworm hijacks the wood cricket's ability to think and to invoke its survival instinct, it erases its survival instinct, then it is owned by the hairworm. And so I use that principle to explain suicidal empathy Monday AI agents took over my work. And I absolutely love it! Chasing deadlines, writing status reports, updating stakeholders— agents handle the daily grind now. They live inside monday.com, so they see the full picture. My work, my team, the whole company. And I don't have to worry about the data. It's safe. Which means I'm free to focus on the big stuff, knowing everything runs smoothly in the background. It's completely shifted the way we work. Create your own AI agent in minutes on monday.com. High-interest debt is one of the toughest opponents you'll face, unless you power up with a SoFi Personal Loan. A SoFi Personal Loan could repackage your bad debt into one low fixed-rate monthly payment. It's even got super speed since you can get the funds as soon as the same day you sign. Visit sofi.com/power to learn more. That's sofi.com/power. Loans originated by SoFi Bank NA, member FDIC, terms and conditions apply, NMLS 696891. Man, I love that guy, and he's just such an unbelievable communicator. You know, Gad is a behavioral psychologist, right? And that example of the wood cricket right there, it's the perfect example of what's happening with these people in Los Angeles, right? What does he talk about? You have to hijack two of your systems, your cognitive system and your emotional system. So your cognitive system is what you see in front of you and what you can think about, And just realize, so let's say you're in Los Angeles and you're just, you're trying to walk into, pick a store, what store do you like over there in LA? What do we like, guys? You're trying to go into Erewhon, you've got, you wanna buy a $21 Hailey Bieber smoothie and you're walking to Erewhon and suddenly you're passing all of these homeless people. Well, if they've hijacked already, if they've hijacked your cognitive system, you won't even think anything about it, right? Because you'll just be like, oh, there's just homeless people everywhere. You won't cognitively put together, well, how could this hap— how did this happen? What are the reasons that this might have happened? Are there economic reasons? Are there social reasons? Et cetera, et cetera. And then your emotional system has to be overridden too, so that instead of doing something that might be right for these people, like getting them off the streets and figuring out true ways to get them off drugs, you'll basically be like, oh, don't bother them, that would somehow be racist, or it would be imperialistic, or something else. And next thing you know, you are the wood cricket who's got the parasite, and you are drowning because your whole your whole society. I mean, see what's going in Los Angeles. It's fine for the people up in the hills, but for everybody else down there, they are the wood cricket that is drowning. And speaking of drowning wood crickets, much of it's being led, it's not just Karen Bass that Spencer Pratt is going against. Karen Bass, as crazy as this is, she's the moderate Democrat here, right? And moderate only by Democrat standards. She's a far left nutbag, but there's someone even more far left than her. It's this woman, Nithya Raman, who's also running. And of course, she's, saying that Spencer Pratt is bringing fascism. The kind of language that he uses, it's incendiary. It is, you know, it— to me, we've seen what happens when politicians use this kind of incendiary language across the country. It's been dangerous. A response that's rooted in actually solving these problems. Otherwise, people will turn to fascism to mini-Trump, which is who I think Spencer Pratt really represents. God, these people are— they're just boring, you know what I mean? Like, more than anything else, in some sense, they're just boring. Yes, Spencer Pratt's rhetoric is incendiary. Um, could we make sure there's water in the fire hydrants? Could you get the super meth guy that's naked running down the street off the roadway? Yes, that's very incendiary. And of course, it's then fascism. Which she doesn't even know what fascism is, but the Democrats, in that they often use the government to collude with corporations to silence us, hint, hint, COVID, Biden administration, they're far closer to fascists. Spencer Pratt though, you wanna see some of his incendiary rhetoric? Again, it's just common sense stuff. This is not a guy who wanted to be into politics. He went on Billy Bush's podcast and basically here's some incendiary stuff. It's basic reality. By incendiary, She means basic reality. Everyone's missing who's voting for me. The only people that aren't are the socialists, the lunatics, and the communists. But any normal functioning brain that doesn't wanna step in human poop when they get their matcha is voting for me, which is a lot of people. It's a lot of people. You know, it's funny you said Erewhon before, but that's it. That was the example I was laying out. You go to Erewhon, it's one of these just fan— for those of you that haven't been, it's just one of these hyper fancy, ridiculous LA style places where most people love their smoothies. It was sweet, it was sweetened with dates, it was delicious. I just became Trump there. But he's making the point that you guys wanna go get your matcha, you guys are kind of coastal elitists, but then for some reason you don't wanna do anything about having to step in poop. Why is poop right in front of the door of the place, right? And then over time, less and less people are inclined to go to that store, that store closes, You can see how these things are all connected. So he is making, like, the average sane person, to whatever extent they still live in Los Angeles, if you don't vote for this guy, if you just don't vote or you don't vote for this guy, you'll get exactly what you deserve. And every time I go back there in the 5 years since I've left, it's gotten worse. And it will, and event, you know, things, people always say this, things get bad slowly and then rapidly. And what will the breaking point be? Here's one more from Pratt. People are that fed up. It's not political parties. Democrats are all my supporters. All the lunches I go to, all my fundraiser events, it's all Democrats. So they keep trying to put me in these other boxes or political— I don't represent anybody but Los Angeles citizens that are fed up, that want their tax money to actually make them feel safe, not go through potholes, have the street lights work, have sidewalks that actually exist, not covered in human poop and urine and fentanyl needles with naked zombies in front, excuse me, naked drug addicts. Zombies, drug addicts, it doesn't matter. Again, so it's just normal. Now I'll do a little blackpilling here because check this out from Polymarket just on what the betting odds are right now. 70% of people are betting that Karen Bass is gonna win. It's only 22% for Pratt, and thank God that lunatic Nithya Raman's only at 7%. You know, when I was in LA a week and a half or so ago, Larry Elder, and Larry knows a little bit about running in California, obviously ran to be governor against Newsom during the recall and everything. He said to me that he doesn't think Pratt has a chance. That he said zero, that is what he said. I don't remember if we were on air or not when he actually said that. Because of just the way the electorate is there, and that by, you can see what they're doing by trying to attach Trump to Pratt. In my world, that would be a good thing, but in the world of sort of brain-broken LA, whatever that person is at this point. Maybe attaching Trump is not good, but 70% chance she's still got. And you know, it's interesting 'cause when he talks about most of the people who show up and support me are Democrats, well, yeah, it's mostly a Democrat place, but that also feels to me exactly like what it was like when Larry Elder was running against Newsom, because we would go to all of these events and all of the people there, everyone thought they were gonna be these hardcore, right-wing conservatives, whatever the hell that means. And it was all these people were Democrats. They were restaurateurs who wanted to open up their restaurants again. They were people in Hollywood that wanted to go back to work. Like they were often, they were apolitical people. And simply there weren't enough of them then. Then the question is, will there be enough now? Let's put that down for a moment. But as long as I'm talking about my friend Larry Elder, you know, Larry has been telling me for years, about Relief Factor. Okay guys, and he had huge, crazy debilitating back pain for years. He absolutely loves this stuff. So we started talking to the Relief Factor guys about a month ago, and then I said, you know what, let's try this. I am playing ball. You guys know I put up a video in the— in Locals the other day, shooting threes still at this ripe old age. It's still out there. But I do come back after 3 hours 3 times a week, and I'm a little banged up and whatever. And I started taking Relief Factor. You can take one of these packets. I'm gonna take it right now. I have not taken my packet for the day. I'm doing drugs, I am. And I'm telling you, like, the little aches and pains go away. And look at this, can catch a ball. It's incredible, it's incredible. Guys, Relief Factor, there you go, is 100% drug-free, research-based formula designed to support your body's healthy response to everyday aches and pains. Whether it's sore muscles after exercise, stiffness from aging, or the wear and tear of daily life, Relief Factor was created to help you stay active and keep doing the things you love. It features ingredients like resveratrol, omega-3s, turmeric, icarin, and black pepper, all working together to support joint and muscle comfort. I'm telling you, my joints do feel better. Many people start noticing less soreness and discomfort within a couple weeks, and I felt it too. Since Relief Factor— since starting Relief Factor, it's been easier to stay active and enjoy the things I love without constantly thinking about the aches and the stiffness. If neck, back, shoulder, hip, or knee discomfort has been slowing you down, give Relief Factor a try. Their 3-week quick start is just $19.95. Visit relieffactor.com or call 800-4-RELIEF. Throw me that ball again. Look at that. Look at that. There you go. All right, get out of here. Get out of here. Now I have a great story. You've probably all heard it already, but we had a 3-day weekend, so we couldn't get to it. It over the last couple days, but Stephen Colbert, that vaccine-dancing leftist dingbat, is officially off the air. Apparently CBS decided that this guy who's pulling in about 2 million people a night with all of that promotion, with a staff, they showed a picture of the staff, can you get that picture of the staff? About 200 people working on the show. He's making about 20 mil a year. They finally were like, you know, oh, I guess insulting half the nation and lying about everything isn't the best way to have a late night comedy show. Well, he's done and it ended, well, it ended rather unceremoniously, I would say. It ended with him doing a bit with Jon Stewart. Jon Stewart, another guy who, you know, a late night guy who should have really been what Bill Maher has become, you know, like a stalwart or a bulwark for liberalism, but has just become a far left loon. But here they are as the show was signing off, Stewart and Colbert together. See, Stephen, I'm here on behalf of Paramount. They wanted me to read this statement. I kind of have to do what they say because, you know, I'm not the one who got canceled for stealing printer cartridges. That's not why I was canceled. Quote: Paramount strongly believes in covering both sides of any black hole that is swallowing everything we know and love. Any coverage must also include the positive aspects of the insatiable emptiness. You know what? That's fair. It is. I didn't think my show would end like this, but still grateful. Yeah. Look, Stephen, I'm going to be real with you. I need to ask you something. Oh, of course, Jon. Let me just first take a sip of water. Ha ha ha ha ha. Wait, there must be more. Maybe I didn't— they didn't get to the funny part yet. There's got to be something funny happening here. Can you please continue? Do you think you might be in a little bit of denial? No! You shut your stupid wet face! I'm not in denial. What denial? Stephen, don't you see? This hole isn't a hole. It's a metaphor. Hey, guys, what are you talking about? Okay, it's a literal hole. But the point is, the hole's here. You can't ignore it. The only choice you have now is how you choose to walk through it. You can go in kicking and screaming. That one. Or you can do what you've done for the past 30 years when faced with something dark. You stare it down and you can laugh. I'm sorry, John, just can't think of any jokes to say about my giant gaping hole. Really nothing, did it? No. Oh, is that it? Yeah. So, okay, so that's how the show ended. Like, just not funny, canned laugh. Like, it's a perfect ending for an utter disaster. Here's Truth— here's Trump on Truth: Stephen Colbert's firing from CBS was the beginning of the end for untalented, nasty, highly overpaid, not funny, and very poorly rated late night television host. That's better written than anything that Colbert did. Others of even less talent to soon follow. May they all rest in peace. President Donald Trump. Look, I get it. For anyone that's reading that, that's like, Trump, there's enough going on. Why are you doing that stuff? Fine, I get it. It's Trump. It's just what he is. And then Trump put this up, which I think is AI. I'm not totally sure, but you know, just checking. Come back to our final broadcast, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, I mean, like, that's funnier actually than Colbert. Like, objectively funnier. That's just the truth. But the reason I'm even covering this now, 'cause it happened a couple days ago, is that we are watching something culturally change, right? The idea that all the late night hosts have to march in lockstep and be ridiculously partisan Democrats and be progressive activists basically, and have nobody on the outside of that except the guys that are outside of the sort of network system, the two guys, right? So it's Gutfeld over on Fox, who of course then is number one 'cause he's doing something different than all of those guys. You would think if for no other reason than just ratings that someone at one of those networks might be like, oh, why don't we try it differently? Instead they just give you the same guys, O'Kimmel does does the same thing that Colbert does, does the same thing that Fallon does, and the other guy, and the other one, and the other guy. Like, they're all the same. And then of course Bill Maher on HBO is the counterbalance to some of that, but he's kind of, in some sense, he's been pushed out of the industry at this point. Here's Brian Stelter, a man who got fired for poor journalism to then teach a course on journalism at Harvard, only to get hired back at CNN, and here he is explaining that the world was a little less bleak when we had Stephen Colbert. So, um, a lot of people going to miss him, certainly. Uh, just like— didn't make the world a little bit less bleak? That's right. It's a really special format. That's right. Well, that's the thing. The Late Show is about more than Colbert. It was about top 10 lists and stupid human tricks and all the rest. It was about that experience at the end of the night. And that's what we're losing in this country. And it's bigger than the late night, I think, Sarah. Yeah, losing in this country and losing in New York City where you can go see the show. Guys, it was a really special format, what he did. What he did would— he'd give a monologue, and then he would do a bit, and then he would do a canned interview, and then they would have somebody play music. It was really special. Nobody else had been doing that for the last 50 or 60 years. Also, stupid pet tricks and top 10 lists, those were Letterman. Did Colbert do either one of those? I don't think so. Nobody even knows because nobody watched. But the wor— oh yeah, Yes, the world is a little less bleak thanks to Stephen Colbert, because here he was cleaning up some of the bleakness. I think we can all agree, fuck ICE. Now— Man, did that guy know how to make things less bleak. But of course that wasn't his worst moment, and I hope this is actually and finally the last time we will ever have to play this. This is the single worst thing that he did. It is the most debasing, grotesque, pathetic, pandering— insert adjective of your choice— fiasco I have ever seen. Enjoy. The vaccine. I hope the couple hundred mil you got during the whole run was worth it, man. It probably was. Yeah, sure, you danced, you danced to get people injected with something that they had no idea what they were getting injected with, but I really do hope the cash was worth it. I want to just contrast that very quickly, with one 45-second video. You know, I mention Johnny Carson all the time, and I realize, I guess, the older that I get, that I was hugely influenced by Johnny, even though when the show went off the air in 1992, I was only 16 or so. But I just, there was something about The Carson Tonight Show and seeing clips of Johnny and decency that I think, I don't know, a little bit of it, I suppose, rubbed off on me, and a way that he was, human and real and everything else. So, in contrast to Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert with that black hole canned laughter, whatever that was, here are the last 45 seconds of the Johnny Carson Tonight Show from 1992. And so it has come to this. I am one of the lucky people in the world. I found something I always wanted to do, and I have enjoyed every single minute of it. I want to thank the gentleman who shared this stage with me for 30 years, Mr. Ed McMahon, Mr. Doc Severinsen. And you people watching, I can only tell you that it has been an honor and a privilege to come into your homes all these years and entertain you. And I hope when I find something that I want to do and I think you will like and come back, that you'll be as gracious inviting me into your home as you have been. I bid you a very heartfelt good night. I kid you not, I remember I stayed up. You know, I was, I was not a, uh, like a late night kid, and I was not a, uh, I was not a— in high school I was going to sleep literally at like 9:30 at night. I remember staying up to watch that whole episode that night. And I remember getting choked up at the end, even though I didn't watch a ton of it, as I said before, and over the years I've watched a lot more. But that, what he did right there explains the magic of a guy who did this for decades and brought people together and didn't want to make people hate each other or hate the President of the United States or anything else. So when Trump now goes, "Get rid of these guys, and they're awful," and everything else, I was like, you guys have done damage to the fabric of America. At some point, you know, especially as the internet takes us all into our own little avenues and we have algorithms catered to ourselves and you might get your news from me but your neighbor might get it from someone who thinks the complete polar opposite, at some point we have nothing that makes us common anymore, right? Or we have nothing in common anymore. We have no communal spaces. Not just physical spaces, but digital spaces as well. And so goodbye, Stephen Colbert. I hope I never have to talk about you again on the show. You know, I'm sure you'll reappear somewhere, but you had an incredible— what a gift, I guess, is what I would say. Forget the money and the fame and all the other stuff. What an incredible gift it would be, like, you get this chance to be on network television, to be quite literally in every home in the nation every single night, and you can use that for good or bad. You can use it to like, I don't know, most people are in bed watching it, and give them something funny, and then maybe they don't even make it to the end of the show. That used to be the joke about The Tonight Show, right? Like nobody even sees the musical guests 'cause they're on at the end. You could have done something decent, and you chose to do something another way, and then we wonder why we're in this very strange, you know, culture war that we're in. Fighter on the wrong side of the culture war has been removed from the equation. I think that is good. Uh, let's talk about Mars Men for just a second, and then we will get an update on the Iran situation. At some point you start to notice things feel just a little different. Your energy isn't quite the same, workouts don't hit like they used to, and staying lean takes a lot more effort than it should. A big part of that comes down to testosterone levels naturally declining as you get older. That's where Mars Men comes in. It's designed to support healthy testosterone levels using natural ingredients so your body can burn fat more efficiently efficiently build lean muscle and keep your energy steady throughout the day. No weird stimulants, no synthetic hormones, just clean-tested ingredients that help your body perform the way it used to. If you're ready to feel stronger, leaner, and more like yourself again, this is worth trying. For a limited time, you can get 50% off for life, plus free shipping and 3 free gifts at mengotomars.com. All right, so let's get an update on the Iran situation. You know, basically we had a 40-day military operation. We had about month-long, maybe a little bit less, blockade of the Strait of Hormuz while we did some of this negotiation situation, some in Pakistan, back and forth, couldn't quite get an agreement. Then it started feeling like we were maybe gonna get something over the weekend. It's, the ink has not dried. It's a little unclear if there's any ink on the paper right now, but they seem to be getting closer to something here. Here's Trump on truth. I am in the Oval Office at the White House where we just had a very a good phone call with President Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates, Emir Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, Prime Minister Mohammed bin Al Barabaran and bin Jassim, and there's a whole bunch of guys, okay? He met with a whole bunch of guys. Erdoğan of Turkey, el-Sisi of Egypt, Abdallah of Jordan, and a few others concerning the Islamic Republic of Iran. I don't have to read all those names. Like everyone's like, oh, that's my favorite one. And all the things related to the memorandum of understanding pertaining to peace. An agreement has largely been negotiated, subject to finalization, between the United States of America, the Islamic Republic of Iran, and various other countries as listed. Separately, I had a call with Prime Minister Bibi of Israel, which likewise went very well. Final aspects and details of the deal are currently being discussed and will be announced shortly. Shortly, in addition to many other elements of agreement. The Strait of Hormuz will be open. Thank you for your attention to this matter, President Donald J. Trump. So, okay, so he got everybody involved. All the names that I read and half read, those are basically all of the countries around Iran. We gotta get everybody on board this thing. He talked to Bibi over in Israel. Can we now get a deal that will, at the very minimum, do what Trump set out to do, which was you guys will not have access to a nuclear weapon, you are not gonna have this material, and we also basically broke, as Marco Rubio called, their nuclear umbrella, meaning their defense system that was allowing them to rush towards getting a bomb. Seems like we've done most of that. Now there's the hangup over the Strait of Hormuz. Here's a bit more from Trump. If I make a deal with Iran, it will be good and proper one, not like the one made by Obama, which gave Iran massive amounts of cash and a clear and open path to a nuclear weapon. Our deal is the exact opposite, but nobody has seen it or knows what it is. It isn't even fully negotiated yet. So don't listen to the losers who are critical about something they know nothing about. Unlike those before me who should have solved this problem many years ago, I don't make bad deals. President Donald J. Trump. Now that seems right to me, right? Trump has said for 40 years these guys are not gonna get a nuke. They are not good guys. We went in, we banged them up. Navy's on the bottom of the ocean, don't have an Air Force anymore. Air supremacy by us, like, and now you guys are not going to get a weapon. So we will see. There's negotiations happening right now. There's one other piece of this, which is something that I've said for 2 months, that my feeling was at the end of the war, whatever happens during the war, look, we wanted, certain amount of people wanted the Iranian people to rise up and take over from the mullahs. It doesn't look like that's gonna happen. You don't know exactly how I don't know how everything's gonna happen, but one thing that I kept saying from the beginning is that I think that when we end this thing, that suddenly a bunch of these Arab and Gulf states will be like, "You know what? Maybe there's actual room for peace, and the time of Iran exporting terror throughout all of our countries via their proxies, maybe it's over." And here's Trump, or here's Fox reporting that Trump said he made signing the Abraham Accords, an expansion of the Abraham Accords, a mandatory requirement for any deal. Fox News alert moments ago, President Trump confirming reports that he linked an expansion of Abraham Accords to his negotiations for an Iran deal. The president writes, during my discussions on Saturday, I stated that after all the work done by the United States to try and pull this very complex puzzle together, it should be mandatory that all of these countries at a minimum simultaneously sign on to the Abraham Accords. Those countries discussed are Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Qatar, Pakistan, Turkey, Egypt, Jordan, and Bahrain. Most should be ready, willing, and able to make this settlement with Iran a far more historic event than it would otherwise be. If Iran signs its agreement with me as President of the United States of America, it will be an honor to have them also be part of this unparalleled world coalition. So now it seems to me we're getting to what Trump's endgame was. Trump wanted peace. And I know a certain set of people did not want Trump to go to war for any reason whatsoever. But I think Trump was basically trying to go to war here to get enough leverage over the Iranians to show them this thing's not— you're not getting nukes, you're not going to export terror anymore, and show some of those other nations that there can be peace in the Middle East if you just get over the endless attempt to destroy Israel. Well, they're not your enemy, as has been proven over the last 60 days, right? It was Iran firing at all these guys. Now the question is, will some of these countries get on board? I actually could see him somehow moving Qatar. Saudi Arabia was very, very close right before October 7th, then they backed away. It sounds like the older generation The older generation doesn't want to do it, the younger generation does, we'll see about that. Turkey, I mean, they've got a full-on Islamist leader with Erdoğan. I don't know what happens with Turkey. So I'm not saying it's all going to happen, but it's interesting that what Trump is trying to say is, hey, at the end of this thing, guys, I want Middle East peace, do you want it? And by the way, that is directly connected to the speech he gave in Riyadh a year ago, right after he got sworn in. Remember, he went to Saudi Arabia, and basically said, "Hey guys, the US is leading again. We're not gonna tell you all how to live or what to do, but if you wanna get on board American success, this is your chance to do it." And now he's offering them something. He's saying, "Guys, let's wrap up this Iran thing. Let's sign some peace deals. Let's have some sovereign nations there that are not trying to destroy each other, and maybe some good things will happen." Of course, all of this has been around the nuclear stuff more than anything else. Here's one more from Trump on truth. The enriched uranium. Nuclear dust will either be immediately turned over to the United States to be brought home and destroyed, or preferably in conjunction and coordination with the Islamic Republic of Iran, destroyed in a place or at another acceptable location with the Atomic Energy Commission or its equivalent being witness to this process and event. Thank you for attention to this matter. Okay, so that would be interesting, right? Like, that seems to me, if there's a red line here, it's leaving them with any nuclear material or capability. I don't see any which way that Trump can walk from this thing and the Iranians be like, oh, you know, we've still got a bunch of nuclear material and we can get our way back to a bomb. And by the way, the real issue here, of course, is that Trump only has 2 years left. And if they lose the midterms, the Republicans lose the midterms, he's gonna be so hung up that the Democrats will be salivating to give cash back to the mullahs and everything else. But there is a once in a generation opportunity here to end the war, which in essence is over already, but to actually to actually change the world, to actually something that everybody wanted. If you would have asked everybody on Earth 10 years ago, do you want peace in the Middle East? Everyone would have said yes. Well, Trump's trying to get us close there, and obviously a certain set of people are not gonna be happy about it 'cause it's Trump doing it, but we will see where it goes. I thought this was interesting because Bill Maher, Bill Maher had Paul Anka on. Paul Anka, legendary musician, writer. You know, he wrote, he wrote, My Life. Everyone associates it with Frank Sinatra. My Way. Not My Life. My Way. Everyone thinks it's Sinatra that originally wrote it, but it was Paul Anka who wrote and sang it originally. And he's written a zillion other jingles and all sorts of stuff. Anyway, he had Paul Anka on, and somehow Paul Anka and Bill Maher started talking about Iran and Trump's decision. And listen to Bill's rationalization. Next couple of weeks are gonna be interesting, pal. What do you mean? Well, you mentioned our president. Yeah, about what? Well, I just think— War? Things have to calm down. I think we've got to get an off-ramp here. And I think there has to be some changes because you're dealing with 100 million people that are very stubborn and smart and et cetera, et cetera. I'm— you know, I think this ain't an easy one, pal. It's not an easy one. But all great endeavors— and it could turn out to be a great endeavor because if they do, get rid of that horrible— it's a fascist theocracy. It's fine with me if this is where it stays as far as damage done. Nothing— I think it's unrealistic to ever expect anything, any great endeavor not to cost lives. Right. That was the part I wanted to show you, that it's messy. It's messy to do things. But could we actually take out one of the world's last —fascist theocracies, which by the way he used those words correctly, as opposed to the Democrats who use them incorrectly. Kind of, "Trump's a fascist! We're living in a theocracy!" No. The mullahs? Yeah. Fascists. Theocrats. Okay. So it's going to be a little bit messy, but the fact that you've got even the last remaining sane liberals on the Trump side of this thing I think is good, so we will find out more, and I think as I've been saying for for a couple months. I think that as we get closer to July 4th, America's 250th, if we get some peace deal around that, there is just go— I'm telling you, there's going to be a resurgence, particularly as people watch what's going on in New York City and watch what's going on in Los Angeles and just the haywire way the lefties have become so America-hating and wanna upend everything that is decent. There is going to be a resurgence of patriotism like we probably have never seen in our lifetime. Maybe, maybe in 1976 on our 200th anniversary. I was born a week before that, so I don't remember it, but I'm gonna guess there was a pretty good resurgence of patriotism, but the country was kind of sane at the time. I think something's gonna happen. I do wanna mention one thing that also happened over the weekend that was very sad to hear, unfortunately, but you probably know this already. This is from Tulsi Gabbard. I'm deeply grateful for the trust President Trump placed in me and for the opportunity to lead ODNI Gov for the last year and a half. Unfortunately, I must submit my resignation effective June 30th, 2026. My husband Abraham has recently been diagnosed with an extremely rare form of bone cancer. He faces major challenges in the coming weeks. At this time, I must step away from public service to be by his side and fully support him through this battle. Before I read you a bit more, I just wanna say, obviously, you guys know, I know Tulsi very well and we're friends, and I know Abraham, and we've had dinner many times, and he is a good, decent person. I don't even know what his political beliefs are. Like, we usually don't even talk about politics, but Tulsi was, I think, a key part of getting Donald Trump elected, a key part of showing that the liberals could be part of MAGA, and we will find out, I'll have more on this in just a sec, a little bit about the work she's been doing as head of DNI, but stepping away, you know, what could be more righteous than stepping away to deal with, you know, your young husband. I mean, my guess is he's in his late 30s, maybe early 40s, who's dealing with this rare cancer. So we'll leave that there, but just a bit more on the politics around it. This is from Nick Sorter. Just in, President Trump puts out an incredibly supportive statement following Tulsi Gabbard's resignation due to her husband's bone cancer. Tulsi has done an incredible job, and we will miss her. Her wonderful husband Abraham has been recently diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer, and she rightfully wants to be with him, bringing him back to good health as they currently fight a tough battle together. President Trump was very— always very happy with Tulsi Gabbard's work exposing Barack Hussein Obama, shouting her out for it many times. She caught Obama red-handed. So the question that I think a lot of a lot of people are asking right now is what— Tulsi, over the last year or so, while she's been the head of DNI, has made a couple pretty big statements, particularly as it relates to Obama and the election and Russia collusion and all the rest of it. And the question is, is she going to hand Donald Trump something on her way out, which is in a little over a month from now? Is she going to hand him something that really is going to be evidence that Barack Obama did something related to the election. Well, here's Trump back in July of '25 talking about what Tulsi was working on. Monday AI agents took over my work and I absolutely love it. Chasing deadlines, writing status reports, updating stakeholders. Agents handle the daily grind now. They live inside monday.com, so they see the full picture. My work, my team, the whole company. And I don't have to worry about the data. It's safe, which means I'm free to focus on the big stuff knowing everything runs smoothly in the background. It's completely shifted the way we work. Create your own AI agent in minutes on monday.com. Today we'll attempt a feat once thought impossible: overcoming high-interest credit card debt. It requires merely one thing: a SoFi personal loan. With it, you could save big Save big on interest charges by consolidating into one low fixed-rate monthly payment. Defy high-interest debt with a SoFi personal loan. Visit sofi.com/stunt to learn more. Loans originated by SoFi Bank NA, member FDIC. Terms and conditions apply. NMLS 696891. The witch hunt that you should be talking about is they caught President Obama absolutely cold. Tulsi Gabbard, uh, what they did to this country and 2016, starting in 2016, but going up all the way, going up to 2020 in the election. They tried to rig the election and they got caught, and there should be very severe consequences for that. Yeah. And here's Tulsi herself just a few days after that. Emily, go ahead. Thank you. Um, and Director Gabbard, this one is for you. Do you believe that any of this new information implicates former President President Obama in criminal behavior? We have referred and will continue to refer all of these documents to the Department of Justice and the FBI to investigate the criminal implications of this. For even former President Obama? Correct. The evidence that we have found and that we have released directly point to President Obama leading the manufacturing of this intelligence assessment. There are multiple Pieces of evidence and intelligence that confirm that fact. OK, so that's just about a year ago, and that is Tulsi herself saying Barack Obama was directly connected, in essence, to the Russia-Russia collusion hoax. When Trump was first running, how did they basically fabricate this whole idea that he was a Russian plant? So the question that I think most people are asking, I think across the board I saw everybody— you know, there was obviously a lot of sympathy. Sympathy towards Tulsi's situation with her husband. But the main political question is, okay, so you've had a year since then to put something together, and will you be putting something on the president's desk before you step down? So we shall see. I just want to do one more thing on Memorial Day because obviously it's as important a holiday as we can possibly have to honor the people who lost their lives so that we could be free and do the silly things that we do on a day-to-day basis. I asked the guys right before we started, did Bernie or AOC or a couple of the other usual suspects, did they even tweet about Memorial Day? Bernie did not tweet about Memorial Day. AOC did not tweet about Memorial Day. Ilhan Omar actually did, so why don't we give credit where credit's due? On Memorial Day, we honor the brave service members who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We're forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. Otherwise. In her case, she's talking about the 9/11 hijackers, but mwah, mwah. If you think it's not just ridiculous that many Democrats, many mainstream Democrats, that they couldn't choke out a sentence on Memorial Day, look what the official DNC account put up. This is from Newsmax. The Democratic National Committee tweeting today in one of the most tone-deaf things I've seen from the Democrats since that Kamala enjoy the long weekend thing. A couple years ago, the DNC tweeted, quote, "Today we honor the American heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice in Trump's war with Iran." Again, on the surface, there's nothing really wrong with that tweet, but then you look at it again, you read it again, and you realize the Democrats are trying to use the death of 13 American soldiers to score political points on Memorial Day. One of the few days that should not be about politics. Yeah, I mean, it's just so disgusting and there is no low, there is no bottom to the pit or whatever. Like everything's about politics for these people. Everything is about the revolution. However, that is not how I'm going to end the show. I'd rather contrast that with Trump's message on Memorial Day. Those who have gone before us in battle have redeemed the promise of our founding for for each future generation. They've not just made the ultimate sacrifice, they've offered the ultimate proof that we Americans do indeed love liberty. We do cherish the self-government given to us by our forefathers. We do believe with all our souls in the mission that God has given to America, and we do intend with all our strength and heart to hold high the torch our heroes handed to us, and we will never, ever let it fall. Thank you very much. You are special, special people. We love you all. God bless the families of the fallen. God bless the men and women who serve. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much, everybody. Yeah, that's the right message, and it's true, and we better honor those people. You know, I was thinking last night— let me just end on this— I was thinking about 10 o'clock, we put the kids down, I was just sitting outside. I was literally sitting outside by myself. I just wanted to, like, clear my mind before, you know, after a long weekend. And I was thinking about, um, you know, how I was going to do the show today and all of those things. And if you think about, you know, I was thinking about my two grandfathers, both were in World War II. I had other family members and Korean War and Vietnam War and things like that, and we've all had, you all, everyone watching this probably has some family member that served, maybe didn't make it back or whatever. If those people knew, like if my two grandfathers who are, they didn't die in the war, but who are no longer with us, like if they knew that in 2026 there would be full-on socialists and communists and anarchists running across America, and there would be a political party that would have a guy with a Nazi tattoo a tattoo on, and they would be talking about how great communism is and socialism. Like, what do you think they would think? It's impossible to even fathom it, I think, to some extent, how far we've fallen, because it happens slowly. And it really is now our work to make sure that the thousands and thousands of people— is there any— can we even get a number on that? How many Americans have died in war? How many Americans have died in war? I guess really starting since the— I guess you'd probably start at the War of Independence. What is it? 1.3 million. Starting with the War of Independence? Is that right? Starting with— All right, we're gonna try to get an exact number on that, but it sounds like 1.3 million Americans have died in war, and we're only 250 years old. And at 250, if the founders were looking right now, and they were looking at what some of the Democrats are saying, and that New York City, you know, has basically become the epicenter of communism, it is communism, not just socialism, I think they'd be really worried. I think a lot of the people who fought for us would be incredibly dismayed. Since the Revolutionary War, 1.3 million Americans It's worth thinking about. All right. That's our Monday show. Do we have an announcement I can make for the Locals people shortly? That thing that I was trying to pull off. Do you think we can kind of— we can't make it right now. All right. We'll have to do that tomorrow. But in any event, we got a postgame show in 30 seconds. RubinReport.locals.com. Thanks for watching, everybody. Ciao."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is a monday.com ad. The same monday.com designed for every team. The same monday.com with built-in AI scaling your work from day one. The same monday.com with an easy and intuitive setup. Go to monday.com and try it for free. Being outside is good for us. It's that simple. And trails make it easy for us to walk, bike, and be active outside in our own backyards. On the trail, we see people moving, connecting with their communities, making the places where they live great. For 40 years, Rails to Trails Conservancy has led the way, creating trail across the country, making it safer and easier for everyone to get outside. They want you to get involved. Find your trail and start your journey today at rails2trails.org/iheart and follow @rails2trails on social. The Florida Man. Rubin Report lie. Me. Governor Ron DeSantis. Adam Carolla. Jillian Michaels. This is an app where they plot the human feces. We gonna do maximum warfare against Republicans. You hit one of these people, that's their fault for impinging on you. All right, let's go eat some Chick-fil-A. So Mark Carney went to a Vancouver Pride parade. I just— yeah, I'm just trying to get comfortable. Hey, up there in the Negro balcony, can you see how comfortable I am with the trans and LGBT+? Can we get the translation on that one? He's like, dude, I'll do Chinese, I can't do Somali. Thank you, God bless you, I love you. Sir, this is a window. Sorry, ¡Hey! Why, hello there. I'm Dave Rubin. This is The Rubin Report. It's May 26th, 2026. That is right, one month from today I turn the big 5-0. Can you guys believe it? I don't know how it's possible. One day you're 90, you don't know how it happened. Life is very, very strange. Also, couple weeks, as you know, daverubin.com/events. Join us right here with the gov, with Carolla, with Jillian. You might be wondering what happened to the picture of Ben Shapiro. It's not a trademark issue. I spoke to Ben over the weekend. We knew about this and we knew there was a chance. His wife is pregnant and she's about to pop. And unless she gives birth in the next like week and a half, then he can come. He just does not wanna go that far from home. So he's likely out. So we're just removing him from the image for now. And we may bring in someone else. I'm in discussions with a couple other people, but whether Ben's there or not, it's gonna be a great night. And we're looking forward to seeing you guys. And let's dive into an old-fashioned program. I hope everybody's refreshed and recharged and had a nice weekend. And really more than anything else, I hope you took a moment to honor our fallen soldiers yesterday beyond just doing the barbecue and everything else. Like, there is a price to pay for freedom, as we all know, and some people actually do end up paying it. So, all right, let's leave that there. Let's dive in. There's a lot going on. We're gonna start with this, this LA mayoral situation, which in a weird sense has become much bigger than just Los Angeles. There are certain local races that then sort of map things in a narrative sense across the country. And I think this LA situation is one of them because you basically either have status quo, progressive, usual, we're going to slowly destroy everything while we smile at you Democrats, that would be Karen Bass, or you have this guy Spencer Pratt, who quite literally was not involved in politics until this, then his house and his parents' house burned down, house across the street from him burned down with the guy in it who is no longer with us, and he became radicalized and got into politics. Obviously, what he's doing, and especially these AI videos, which as I pointed out, they're not coming directly from his campaign, it's just people that like him that are just mastering the magic of AI and putting out this really memeable stuff. His campaign is catching on because he's basically just saying, guys, common sense, less drug addicts and naked people on the street. Let's make sure we do basic things when it comes to fire prevention. Et cetera, et cetera. And anyone that's in LA, and you guys know I was there 2 weeks ago, you would just have to walk down some of the iconic places, literally walk down Hollywood Boulevard. If anyone's watching this today and is in Los Angeles, if you wanna take a video walking down Hollywood Boulevard and send it to us, we'll play it on the show tomorrow, just so you can see the filth, so you can see the drugs. It's a joy, it's a real joy. Anyway, he obviously is catching fire across the country. Whether that'll translate to LA, the micro voter of LA, we will see. But he's also doing a nice job when it comes to mainstream media. Here he is being asked about his plans for the homeless, and they really wanna frame it because he's talking about these homeless people and he's talking about these drug addicts, they wanna frame it that he's very mean and everything else, but he's doing a nice job. What are your plans for the over 40,000 homeless in Los Angeles? Yeah, it's, well, they're not homeless, they're drug addicts. Most of these people are addicted to fentanyl and meth. This isn't Spencer making it up. Are you saying they don't have homes? There is places for all of these people to sleep in LA. No matter what anybody tells you, we have housing and shelter for everyone that's living on the street. They are choosing to be on the street because they wanna do drugs, they don't want rules, they don't wanna listen, they wanna have animals to abuse. This idea that they're forced on the street right now is a lie. That our city is perpetuating. We've paid $24 billion to house these 40,000 people. There are spots for all of these people. They are choosing because they're an addict and you can do fentanyl and super meth on the sidewalk with no repercussions. Okay, all true. You know, I mentioned to you guys a couple weeks ago when I was in LA, I did that ridiculous surrounded show. I think it'll be out in a week or so. And I'm surrounded by, it was me, like MAGA Dave versus 20 far left lunatics or whatever. And they all were doing the same thing about homeless people. They need more beds, they need more housing. We walked around Los Angeles. You wanna throw the image up real quick, Connor? I mean, literally, this was 8:30 AM on Melrose in Los Angeles, which is, there's great stores there. I don't know if any of them are open anymore, but like, you know, this is a nice street and there's a homeless guy with an Erewan bag and a Nazi insignia, swastika. There's a lot going on there. But the point is, there were many instances like this. I took a lot of these pictures. And the question is, someone like that, Is it that that guy just needs a bed? As he pointed out, Spencer pointed out, they've spent $24 billion on these 40,000 people. I don't have a calculator in front of me, but that's an awful lot of money per person. But is it that these drug addicts just need a bed and a home and a place to stay, or is it that they are doing super meth, it's a real thing, I talked about it with Dr. Drew recently, and they are doing fentanyl and all of these other drugs, and it's just kind of everywhere. You don't have to go, I just went, trust me, it's kind of everywhere. Elon saw that, I think it's worth mentioning when Elon retweets these things, he wrote, "True." And it's just important 'cause he's amplifying this, that what's happening right now is that you've got Spencer Pratt, basically common sense, we have to get these people off the streets, but the solution is just not more beds. And how do you know that? Well, you also know that because Gavin Newsom, who was mayor of San Francisco, tried that for 10 years in San Francisco. It destroyed San Francisco. Then he became governor. That was the policy basically of the state and of these cities. So why is it, here's the question, why is it that Democrats don't want to acknowledge that there's a massive drug problem that is connected to the homeless problem? Why is that? It's rather strange. Here is Karen Bass with some just sort of anecdotally ridiculous commentary on the homeless situation in Los Angeles. Los Angeles. Women in their late 60s and 70s who have aged out of basically working in the service industry, no 401, no pension, maybe Social Security, but Social Security is not going to support you. So I would be reluctant to call an 80-year-old woman a zombie. I don't think that her drug abuse led to her being on the street. I think it was economic factors. And then what I say to everybody is, sleep on the street for a couple of weeks and tell me that your mental health is the same as it was before you were unhoused. My God, she is something else. Nobody's arguing that your mental health won't be worse after living on the street for a couple weeks. It probably will. Also because you'll be sleeping around a bunch of drug addicts. But having just been there, lady, there aren't 60- and 70-year-old women who were just kind of laid off or aged out of the service industry You're like, sure, she's implying that there were basically maids who were housekeepers at a Hilton, and then they're about 65, and then they're out of a job, they don't have a 401k, they don't have a pension, they didn't save anything, and next thing you know, they're smoking super meth on the corner of San Vicente and La Ciénega. Like, that's just not it. It's most, come to think of it, I'm not sure, did I see any women? Off the top of my head, I don't remember seeing any homeless women. Obviously there are homeless women, but the point is, she's taking like this sort of ridiculous example and extrapolating it, and also why are you so focused on not doing anything about the drug situation? And that's completely separate from doing something about— how about you do something about the general state of chaos that the city's in, the general state of economic inactivity that leads to people not having jobs and being depressed and perhaps then doing drugs and everything else? All of this, everything about her affect and everything, is a perfect example of what my friend Gad Saad calls suicidal empathy. That's also the title of his new book, which came out last week, and he sold Sold so many freaking copies that even the New York Times couldn't cheat him and put him at number 1, and their whole list is fabricated, but he obviously just blew everybody out of the water. Here he is about a week ago with Rogan talking about what suicidal empathy is and what it does to the host. For me to completely zombify you and hijack you, I also need to zombify your affective system. That's where suicidal empathy comes in. So if I can hijack both your cognitive and emotional systems, you become a wood cricket, which we could talk about what that reference is if you want. What's a wood cricket? So the wood cricket is an insect that abhors water. It wants nothing to do with water. But when it is parasitized by a neuroparasite called the brain hairworm— well, I've seen this, right? The hairworm needs the wood cricket to happily and merrily commit suicide by jumping into the water because that's the only way that the hairworm can complete its reproductive cycle. So once the hairworm hijacks the wood cricket's ability to think and to invoke its survival instinct, it erases its survival instinct, then it is owned by the hairworm. And so I use that principle to explain suicidal empathy Monday AI agents took over my work. And I absolutely love it! Chasing deadlines, writing status reports, updating stakeholders— agents handle the daily grind now. They live inside monday.com, so they see the full picture. My work, my team, the whole company. And I don't have to worry about the data. It's safe. Which means I'm free to focus on the big stuff, knowing everything runs smoothly in the background. It's completely shifted the way we work. Create your own AI agent in minutes on monday.com. High-interest debt is one of the toughest opponents you'll face, unless you power up with a SoFi Personal Loan. A SoFi Personal Loan could repackage your bad debt into one low fixed-rate monthly payment. It's even got super speed since you can get the funds as soon as the same day you sign. Visit sofi.com/power to learn more. That's sofi.com/power. Loans originated by SoFi Bank NA, member FDIC, terms and conditions apply, NMLS 696891. Man, I love that guy, and he's just such an unbelievable communicator. You know, Gad is a behavioral psychologist, right? And that example of the wood cricket right there, it's the perfect example of what's happening with these people in Los Angeles, right? What does he talk about? You have to hijack two of your systems, your cognitive system and your emotional system. So your cognitive system is what you see in front of you and what you can think about, And just realize, so let's say you're in Los Angeles and you're just, you're trying to walk into, pick a store, what store do you like over there in LA? What do we like, guys? You're trying to go into Erewhon, you've got, you wanna buy a $21 Hailey Bieber smoothie and you're walking to Erewhon and suddenly you're passing all of these homeless people. Well, if they've hijacked already, if they've hijacked your cognitive system, you won't even think anything about it, right? Because you'll just be like, oh, there's just homeless people everywhere. You won't cognitively put together, well, how could this hap— how did this happen? What are the reasons that this might have happened? Are there economic reasons? Are there social reasons? Et cetera, et cetera. And then your emotional system has to be overridden too, so that instead of doing something that might be right for these people, like getting them off the streets and figuring out true ways to get them off drugs, you'll basically be like, oh, don't bother them, that would somehow be racist, or it would be imperialistic, or something else. And next thing you know, you are the wood cricket who's got the parasite, and you are drowning because your whole your whole society. I mean, see what's going in Los Angeles. It's fine for the people up in the hills, but for everybody else down there, they are the wood cricket that is drowning. And speaking of drowning wood crickets, much of it's being led, it's not just Karen Bass that Spencer Pratt is going against. Karen Bass, as crazy as this is, she's the moderate Democrat here, right? And moderate only by Democrat standards. She's a far left nutbag, but there's someone even more far left than her. It's this woman, Nithya Raman, who's also running. And of course, she's, saying that Spencer Pratt is bringing fascism. The kind of language that he uses, it's incendiary. It is, you know, it— to me, we've seen what happens when politicians use this kind of incendiary language across the country. It's been dangerous. A response that's rooted in actually solving these problems. Otherwise, people will turn to fascism to mini-Trump, which is who I think Spencer Pratt really represents. God, these people are— they're just boring, you know what I mean? Like, more than anything else, in some sense, they're just boring. Yes, Spencer Pratt's rhetoric is incendiary. Um, could we make sure there's water in the fire hydrants? Could you get the super meth guy that's naked running down the street off the roadway? Yes, that's very incendiary. And of course, it's then fascism. Which she doesn't even know what fascism is, but the Democrats, in that they often use the government to collude with corporations to silence us, hint, hint, COVID, Biden administration, they're far closer to fascists. Spencer Pratt though, you wanna see some of his incendiary rhetoric? Again, it's just common sense stuff. This is not a guy who wanted to be into politics. He went on Billy Bush's podcast and basically here's some incendiary stuff. It's basic reality. By incendiary, She means basic reality. Everyone's missing who's voting for me. The only people that aren't are the socialists, the lunatics, and the communists. But any normal functioning brain that doesn't wanna step in human poop when they get their matcha is voting for me, which is a lot of people. It's a lot of people. You know, it's funny you said Erewhon before, but that's it. That was the example I was laying out. You go to Erewhon, it's one of these just fan— for those of you that haven't been, it's just one of these hyper fancy, ridiculous LA style places where most people love their smoothies. It was sweet, it was sweetened with dates, it was delicious. I just became Trump there. But he's making the point that you guys wanna go get your matcha, you guys are kind of coastal elitists, but then for some reason you don't wanna do anything about having to step in poop. Why is poop right in front of the door of the place, right? And then over time, less and less people are inclined to go to that store, that store closes, You can see how these things are all connected. So he is making, like, the average sane person, to whatever extent they still live in Los Angeles, if you don't vote for this guy, if you just don't vote or you don't vote for this guy, you'll get exactly what you deserve. And every time I go back there in the 5 years since I've left, it's gotten worse. And it will, and event, you know, things, people always say this, things get bad slowly and then rapidly. And what will the breaking point be? Here's one more from Pratt. People are that fed up. It's not political parties. Democrats are all my supporters. All the lunches I go to, all my fundraiser events, it's all Democrats. So they keep trying to put me in these other boxes or political— I don't represent anybody but Los Angeles citizens that are fed up, that want their tax money to actually make them feel safe, not go through potholes, have the street lights work, have sidewalks that actually exist, not covered in human poop and urine and fentanyl needles with naked zombies in front, excuse me, naked drug addicts. Zombies, drug addicts, it doesn't matter. Again, so it's just normal. Now I'll do a little blackpilling here because check this out from Polymarket just on what the betting odds are right now. 70% of people are betting that Karen Bass is gonna win. It's only 22% for Pratt, and thank God that lunatic Nithya Raman's only at 7%. You know, when I was in LA a week and a half or so ago, Larry Elder, and Larry knows a little bit about running in California, obviously ran to be governor against Newsom during the recall and everything. He said to me that he doesn't think Pratt has a chance. That he said zero, that is what he said. I don't remember if we were on air or not when he actually said that. Because of just the way the electorate is there, and that by, you can see what they're doing by trying to attach Trump to Pratt. In my world, that would be a good thing, but in the world of sort of brain-broken LA, whatever that person is at this point. Maybe attaching Trump is not good, but 70% chance she's still got. And you know, it's interesting 'cause when he talks about most of the people who show up and support me are Democrats, well, yeah, it's mostly a Democrat place, but that also feels to me exactly like what it was like when Larry Elder was running against Newsom, because we would go to all of these events and all of the people there, everyone thought they were gonna be these hardcore, right-wing conservatives, whatever the hell that means. And it was all these people were Democrats. They were restaurateurs who wanted to open up their restaurants again. They were people in Hollywood that wanted to go back to work. Like they were often, they were apolitical people. And simply there weren't enough of them then. Then the question is, will there be enough now? Let's put that down for a moment. But as long as I'm talking about my friend Larry Elder, you know, Larry has been telling me for years, about Relief Factor. Okay guys, and he had huge, crazy debilitating back pain for years. He absolutely loves this stuff. So we started talking to the Relief Factor guys about a month ago, and then I said, you know what, let's try this. I am playing ball. You guys know I put up a video in the— in Locals the other day, shooting threes still at this ripe old age. It's still out there. But I do come back after 3 hours 3 times a week, and I'm a little banged up and whatever. And I started taking Relief Factor. You can take one of these packets. I'm gonna take it right now. I have not taken my packet for the day. I'm doing drugs, I am. And I'm telling you, like, the little aches and pains go away. And look at this, can catch a ball. It's incredible, it's incredible. Guys, Relief Factor, there you go, is 100% drug-free, research-based formula designed to support your body's healthy response to everyday aches and pains. Whether it's sore muscles after exercise, stiffness from aging, or the wear and tear of daily life, Relief Factor was created to help you stay active and keep doing the things you love. It features ingredients like resveratrol, omega-3s, turmeric, icarin, and black pepper, all working together to support joint and muscle comfort. I'm telling you, my joints do feel better. Many people start noticing less soreness and discomfort within a couple weeks, and I felt it too. Since Relief Factor— since starting Relief Factor, it's been easier to stay active and enjoy the things I love without constantly thinking about the aches and the stiffness. If neck, back, shoulder, hip, or knee discomfort has been slowing you down, give Relief Factor a try. Their 3-week quick start is just $19.95. Visit relieffactor.com or call 800-4-RELIEF. Throw me that ball again. Look at that. Look at that. There you go. All right, get out of here. Get out of here. Now I have a great story. You've probably all heard it already, but we had a 3-day weekend, so we couldn't get to it. It over the last couple days, but Stephen Colbert, that vaccine-dancing leftist dingbat, is officially off the air. Apparently CBS decided that this guy who's pulling in about 2 million people a night with all of that promotion, with a staff, they showed a picture of the staff, can you get that picture of the staff? About 200 people working on the show. He's making about 20 mil a year. They finally were like, you know, oh, I guess insulting half the nation and lying about everything isn't the best way to have a late night comedy show. Well, he's done and it ended, well, it ended rather unceremoniously, I would say. It ended with him doing a bit with Jon Stewart. Jon Stewart, another guy who, you know, a late night guy who should have really been what Bill Maher has become, you know, like a stalwart or a bulwark for liberalism, but has just become a far left loon. But here they are as the show was signing off, Stewart and Colbert together. See, Stephen, I'm here on behalf of Paramount. They wanted me to read this statement. I kind of have to do what they say because, you know, I'm not the one who got canceled for stealing printer cartridges. That's not why I was canceled. Quote: Paramount strongly believes in covering both sides of any black hole that is swallowing everything we know and love. Any coverage must also include the positive aspects of the insatiable emptiness. You know what? That's fair. It is. I didn't think my show would end like this, but still grateful. Yeah. Look, Stephen, I'm going to be real with you. I need to ask you something. Oh, of course, Jon. Let me just first take a sip of water. Ha ha ha ha ha. Wait, there must be more. Maybe I didn't— they didn't get to the funny part yet. There's got to be something funny happening here. Can you please continue? Do you think you might be in a little bit of denial? No! You shut your stupid wet face! I'm not in denial. What denial? Stephen, don't you see? This hole isn't a hole. It's a metaphor. Hey, guys, what are you talking about? Okay, it's a literal hole. But the point is, the hole's here. You can't ignore it. The only choice you have now is how you choose to walk through it. You can go in kicking and screaming. That one. Or you can do what you've done for the past 30 years when faced with something dark. You stare it down and you can laugh. I'm sorry, John, just can't think of any jokes to say about my giant gaping hole. Really nothing, did it? No. Oh, is that it? Yeah. So, okay, so that's how the show ended. Like, just not funny, canned laugh. Like, it's a perfect ending for an utter disaster. Here's Truth— here's Trump on Truth: Stephen Colbert's firing from CBS was the beginning of the end for untalented, nasty, highly overpaid, not funny, and very poorly rated late night television host. That's better written than anything that Colbert did. Others of even less talent to soon follow. May they all rest in peace. President Donald Trump. Look, I get it. For anyone that's reading that, that's like, Trump, there's enough going on. Why are you doing that stuff? Fine, I get it. It's Trump. It's just what he is. And then Trump put this up, which I think is AI. I'm not totally sure, but you know, just checking. Come back to our final broadcast, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, I mean, like, that's funnier actually than Colbert. Like, objectively funnier. That's just the truth. But the reason I'm even covering this now, 'cause it happened a couple days ago, is that we are watching something culturally change, right? The idea that all the late night hosts have to march in lockstep and be ridiculously partisan Democrats and be progressive activists basically, and have nobody on the outside of that except the guys that are outside of the sort of network system, the two guys, right? So it's Gutfeld over on Fox, who of course then is number one 'cause he's doing something different than all of those guys. You would think if for no other reason than just ratings that someone at one of those networks might be like, oh, why don't we try it differently? Instead they just give you the same guys, O'Kimmel does does the same thing that Colbert does, does the same thing that Fallon does, and the other guy, and the other one, and the other guy. Like, they're all the same. And then of course Bill Maher on HBO is the counterbalance to some of that, but he's kind of, in some sense, he's been pushed out of the industry at this point. Here's Brian Stelter, a man who got fired for poor journalism to then teach a course on journalism at Harvard, only to get hired back at CNN, and here he is explaining that the world was a little less bleak when we had Stephen Colbert. So, um, a lot of people going to miss him, certainly. Uh, just like— didn't make the world a little bit less bleak? That's right. It's a really special format. That's right. Well, that's the thing. The Late Show is about more than Colbert. It was about top 10 lists and stupid human tricks and all the rest. It was about that experience at the end of the night. And that's what we're losing in this country. And it's bigger than the late night, I think, Sarah. Yeah, losing in this country and losing in New York City where you can go see the show. Guys, it was a really special format, what he did. What he did would— he'd give a monologue, and then he would do a bit, and then he would do a canned interview, and then they would have somebody play music. It was really special. Nobody else had been doing that for the last 50 or 60 years. Also, stupid pet tricks and top 10 lists, those were Letterman. Did Colbert do either one of those? I don't think so. Nobody even knows because nobody watched. But the wor— oh yeah, Yes, the world is a little less bleak thanks to Stephen Colbert, because here he was cleaning up some of the bleakness. I think we can all agree, fuck ICE. Now— Man, did that guy know how to make things less bleak. But of course that wasn't his worst moment, and I hope this is actually and finally the last time we will ever have to play this. This is the single worst thing that he did. It is the most debasing, grotesque, pathetic, pandering— insert adjective of your choice— fiasco I have ever seen. Enjoy. The vaccine. I hope the couple hundred mil you got during the whole run was worth it, man. It probably was. Yeah, sure, you danced, you danced to get people injected with something that they had no idea what they were getting injected with, but I really do hope the cash was worth it. I want to just contrast that very quickly, with one 45-second video. You know, I mention Johnny Carson all the time, and I realize, I guess, the older that I get, that I was hugely influenced by Johnny, even though when the show went off the air in 1992, I was only 16 or so. But I just, there was something about The Carson Tonight Show and seeing clips of Johnny and decency that I think, I don't know, a little bit of it, I suppose, rubbed off on me, and a way that he was, human and real and everything else. So, in contrast to Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert with that black hole canned laughter, whatever that was, here are the last 45 seconds of the Johnny Carson Tonight Show from 1992. And so it has come to this. I am one of the lucky people in the world. I found something I always wanted to do, and I have enjoyed every single minute of it. I want to thank the gentleman who shared this stage with me for 30 years, Mr. Ed McMahon, Mr. Doc Severinsen. And you people watching, I can only tell you that it has been an honor and a privilege to come into your homes all these years and entertain you. And I hope when I find something that I want to do and I think you will like and come back, that you'll be as gracious inviting me into your home as you have been. I bid you a very heartfelt good night. I kid you not, I remember I stayed up. You know, I was, I was not a, uh, like a late night kid, and I was not a, uh, I was not a— in high school I was going to sleep literally at like 9:30 at night. I remember staying up to watch that whole episode that night. And I remember getting choked up at the end, even though I didn't watch a ton of it, as I said before, and over the years I've watched a lot more. But that, what he did right there explains the magic of a guy who did this for decades and brought people together and didn't want to make people hate each other or hate the President of the United States or anything else. So when Trump now goes, "Get rid of these guys, and they're awful," and everything else, I was like, you guys have done damage to the fabric of America. At some point, you know, especially as the internet takes us all into our own little avenues and we have algorithms catered to ourselves and you might get your news from me but your neighbor might get it from someone who thinks the complete polar opposite, at some point we have nothing that makes us common anymore, right? Or we have nothing in common anymore. We have no communal spaces. Not just physical spaces, but digital spaces as well. And so goodbye, Stephen Colbert. I hope I never have to talk about you again on the show. You know, I'm sure you'll reappear somewhere, but you had an incredible— what a gift, I guess, is what I would say. Forget the money and the fame and all the other stuff. What an incredible gift it would be, like, you get this chance to be on network television, to be quite literally in every home in the nation every single night, and you can use that for good or bad. You can use it to like, I don't know, most people are in bed watching it, and give them something funny, and then maybe they don't even make it to the end of the show. That used to be the joke about The Tonight Show, right? Like nobody even sees the musical guests 'cause they're on at the end. You could have done something decent, and you chose to do something another way, and then we wonder why we're in this very strange, you know, culture war that we're in. Fighter on the wrong side of the culture war has been removed from the equation. I think that is good. Uh, let's talk about Mars Men for just a second, and then we will get an update on the Iran situation. At some point you start to notice things feel just a little different. Your energy isn't quite the same, workouts don't hit like they used to, and staying lean takes a lot more effort than it should. A big part of that comes down to testosterone levels naturally declining as you get older. That's where Mars Men comes in. It's designed to support healthy testosterone levels using natural ingredients so your body can burn fat more efficiently efficiently build lean muscle and keep your energy steady throughout the day. No weird stimulants, no synthetic hormones, just clean-tested ingredients that help your body perform the way it used to. If you're ready to feel stronger, leaner, and more like yourself again, this is worth trying. For a limited time, you can get 50% off for life, plus free shipping and 3 free gifts at mengotomars.com. All right, so let's get an update on the Iran situation. You know, basically we had a 40-day military operation. We had about month-long, maybe a little bit less, blockade of the Strait of Hormuz while we did some of this negotiation situation, some in Pakistan, back and forth, couldn't quite get an agreement. Then it started feeling like we were maybe gonna get something over the weekend. It's, the ink has not dried. It's a little unclear if there's any ink on the paper right now, but they seem to be getting closer to something here. Here's Trump on truth. I am in the Oval Office at the White House where we just had a very a good phone call with President Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates, Emir Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, Prime Minister Mohammed bin Al Barabaran and bin Jassim, and there's a whole bunch of guys, okay? He met with a whole bunch of guys. Erdoğan of Turkey, el-Sisi of Egypt, Abdallah of Jordan, and a few others concerning the Islamic Republic of Iran. I don't have to read all those names. Like everyone's like, oh, that's my favorite one. And all the things related to the memorandum of understanding pertaining to peace. An agreement has largely been negotiated, subject to finalization, between the United States of America, the Islamic Republic of Iran, and various other countries as listed. Separately, I had a call with Prime Minister Bibi of Israel, which likewise went very well. Final aspects and details of the deal are currently being discussed and will be announced shortly. Shortly, in addition to many other elements of agreement. The Strait of Hormuz will be open. Thank you for your attention to this matter, President Donald J. Trump. So, okay, so he got everybody involved. All the names that I read and half read, those are basically all of the countries around Iran. We gotta get everybody on board this thing. He talked to Bibi over in Israel. Can we now get a deal that will, at the very minimum, do what Trump set out to do, which was you guys will not have access to a nuclear weapon, you are not gonna have this material, and we also basically broke, as Marco Rubio called, their nuclear umbrella, meaning their defense system that was allowing them to rush towards getting a bomb. Seems like we've done most of that. Now there's the hangup over the Strait of Hormuz. Here's a bit more from Trump. If I make a deal with Iran, it will be good and proper one, not like the one made by Obama, which gave Iran massive amounts of cash and a clear and open path to a nuclear weapon. Our deal is the exact opposite, but nobody has seen it or knows what it is. It isn't even fully negotiated yet. So don't listen to the losers who are critical about something they know nothing about. Unlike those before me who should have solved this problem many years ago, I don't make bad deals. President Donald J. Trump. Now that seems right to me, right? Trump has said for 40 years these guys are not gonna get a nuke. They are not good guys. We went in, we banged them up. Navy's on the bottom of the ocean, don't have an Air Force anymore. Air supremacy by us, like, and now you guys are not going to get a weapon. So we will see. There's negotiations happening right now. There's one other piece of this, which is something that I've said for 2 months, that my feeling was at the end of the war, whatever happens during the war, look, we wanted, certain amount of people wanted the Iranian people to rise up and take over from the mullahs. It doesn't look like that's gonna happen. You don't know exactly how I don't know how everything's gonna happen, but one thing that I kept saying from the beginning is that I think that when we end this thing, that suddenly a bunch of these Arab and Gulf states will be like, "You know what? Maybe there's actual room for peace, and the time of Iran exporting terror throughout all of our countries via their proxies, maybe it's over." And here's Trump, or here's Fox reporting that Trump said he made signing the Abraham Accords, an expansion of the Abraham Accords, a mandatory requirement for any deal. Fox News alert moments ago, President Trump confirming reports that he linked an expansion of Abraham Accords to his negotiations for an Iran deal. The president writes, during my discussions on Saturday, I stated that after all the work done by the United States to try and pull this very complex puzzle together, it should be mandatory that all of these countries at a minimum simultaneously sign on to the Abraham Accords. Those countries discussed are Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Qatar, Pakistan, Turkey, Egypt, Jordan, and Bahrain. Most should be ready, willing, and able to make this settlement with Iran a far more historic event than it would otherwise be. If Iran signs its agreement with me as President of the United States of America, it will be an honor to have them also be part of this unparalleled world coalition. So now it seems to me we're getting to what Trump's endgame was. Trump wanted peace. And I know a certain set of people did not want Trump to go to war for any reason whatsoever. But I think Trump was basically trying to go to war here to get enough leverage over the Iranians to show them this thing's not— you're not getting nukes, you're not going to export terror anymore, and show some of those other nations that there can be peace in the Middle East if you just get over the endless attempt to destroy Israel. Well, they're not your enemy, as has been proven over the last 60 days, right? It was Iran firing at all these guys. Now the question is, will some of these countries get on board? I actually could see him somehow moving Qatar. Saudi Arabia was very, very close right before October 7th, then they backed away. It sounds like the older generation The older generation doesn't want to do it, the younger generation does, we'll see about that. Turkey, I mean, they've got a full-on Islamist leader with Erdoğan. I don't know what happens with Turkey. So I'm not saying it's all going to happen, but it's interesting that what Trump is trying to say is, hey, at the end of this thing, guys, I want Middle East peace, do you want it? And by the way, that is directly connected to the speech he gave in Riyadh a year ago, right after he got sworn in. Remember, he went to Saudi Arabia, and basically said, "Hey guys, the US is leading again. We're not gonna tell you all how to live or what to do, but if you wanna get on board American success, this is your chance to do it." And now he's offering them something. He's saying, "Guys, let's wrap up this Iran thing. Let's sign some peace deals. Let's have some sovereign nations there that are not trying to destroy each other, and maybe some good things will happen." Of course, all of this has been around the nuclear stuff more than anything else. Here's one more from Trump on truth. The enriched uranium. Nuclear dust will either be immediately turned over to the United States to be brought home and destroyed, or preferably in conjunction and coordination with the Islamic Republic of Iran, destroyed in a place or at another acceptable location with the Atomic Energy Commission or its equivalent being witness to this process and event. Thank you for attention to this matter. Okay, so that would be interesting, right? Like, that seems to me, if there's a red line here, it's leaving them with any nuclear material or capability. I don't see any which way that Trump can walk from this thing and the Iranians be like, oh, you know, we've still got a bunch of nuclear material and we can get our way back to a bomb. And by the way, the real issue here, of course, is that Trump only has 2 years left. And if they lose the midterms, the Republicans lose the midterms, he's gonna be so hung up that the Democrats will be salivating to give cash back to the mullahs and everything else. But there is a once in a generation opportunity here to end the war, which in essence is over already, but to actually to actually change the world, to actually something that everybody wanted. If you would have asked everybody on Earth 10 years ago, do you want peace in the Middle East? Everyone would have said yes. Well, Trump's trying to get us close there, and obviously a certain set of people are not gonna be happy about it 'cause it's Trump doing it, but we will see where it goes. I thought this was interesting because Bill Maher, Bill Maher had Paul Anka on. Paul Anka, legendary musician, writer. You know, he wrote, he wrote, My Life. Everyone associates it with Frank Sinatra. My Way. Not My Life. My Way. Everyone thinks it's Sinatra that originally wrote it, but it was Paul Anka who wrote and sang it originally. And he's written a zillion other jingles and all sorts of stuff. Anyway, he had Paul Anka on, and somehow Paul Anka and Bill Maher started talking about Iran and Trump's decision. And listen to Bill's rationalization. Next couple of weeks are gonna be interesting, pal. What do you mean? Well, you mentioned our president. Yeah, about what? Well, I just think— War? Things have to calm down. I think we've got to get an off-ramp here. And I think there has to be some changes because you're dealing with 100 million people that are very stubborn and smart and et cetera, et cetera. I'm— you know, I think this ain't an easy one, pal. It's not an easy one. But all great endeavors— and it could turn out to be a great endeavor because if they do, get rid of that horrible— it's a fascist theocracy. It's fine with me if this is where it stays as far as damage done. Nothing— I think it's unrealistic to ever expect anything, any great endeavor not to cost lives. Right. That was the part I wanted to show you, that it's messy. It's messy to do things. But could we actually take out one of the world's last —fascist theocracies, which by the way he used those words correctly, as opposed to the Democrats who use them incorrectly. Kind of, "Trump's a fascist! We're living in a theocracy!" No. The mullahs? Yeah. Fascists. Theocrats. Okay. So it's going to be a little bit messy, but the fact that you've got even the last remaining sane liberals on the Trump side of this thing I think is good, so we will find out more, and I think as I've been saying for for a couple months. I think that as we get closer to July 4th, America's 250th, if we get some peace deal around that, there is just go— I'm telling you, there's going to be a resurgence, particularly as people watch what's going on in New York City and watch what's going on in Los Angeles and just the haywire way the lefties have become so America-hating and wanna upend everything that is decent. There is going to be a resurgence of patriotism like we probably have never seen in our lifetime. Maybe, maybe in 1976 on our 200th anniversary. I was born a week before that, so I don't remember it, but I'm gonna guess there was a pretty good resurgence of patriotism, but the country was kind of sane at the time. I think something's gonna happen. I do wanna mention one thing that also happened over the weekend that was very sad to hear, unfortunately, but you probably know this already. This is from Tulsi Gabbard. I'm deeply grateful for the trust President Trump placed in me and for the opportunity to lead ODNI Gov for the last year and a half. Unfortunately, I must submit my resignation effective June 30th, 2026. My husband Abraham has recently been diagnosed with an extremely rare form of bone cancer. He faces major challenges in the coming weeks. At this time, I must step away from public service to be by his side and fully support him through this battle. Before I read you a bit more, I just wanna say, obviously, you guys know, I know Tulsi very well and we're friends, and I know Abraham, and we've had dinner many times, and he is a good, decent person. I don't even know what his political beliefs are. Like, we usually don't even talk about politics, but Tulsi was, I think, a key part of getting Donald Trump elected, a key part of showing that the liberals could be part of MAGA, and we will find out, I'll have more on this in just a sec, a little bit about the work she's been doing as head of DNI, but stepping away, you know, what could be more righteous than stepping away to deal with, you know, your young husband. I mean, my guess is he's in his late 30s, maybe early 40s, who's dealing with this rare cancer. So we'll leave that there, but just a bit more on the politics around it. This is from Nick Sorter. Just in, President Trump puts out an incredibly supportive statement following Tulsi Gabbard's resignation due to her husband's bone cancer. Tulsi has done an incredible job, and we will miss her. Her wonderful husband Abraham has been recently diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer, and she rightfully wants to be with him, bringing him back to good health as they currently fight a tough battle together. President Trump was very— always very happy with Tulsi Gabbard's work exposing Barack Hussein Obama, shouting her out for it many times. She caught Obama red-handed. So the question that I think a lot of a lot of people are asking right now is what— Tulsi, over the last year or so, while she's been the head of DNI, has made a couple pretty big statements, particularly as it relates to Obama and the election and Russia collusion and all the rest of it. And the question is, is she going to hand Donald Trump something on her way out, which is in a little over a month from now? Is she going to hand him something that really is going to be evidence that Barack Obama did something related to the election. Well, here's Trump back in July of '25 talking about what Tulsi was working on. Monday AI agents took over my work and I absolutely love it. Chasing deadlines, writing status reports, updating stakeholders. Agents handle the daily grind now. They live inside monday.com, so they see the full picture. My work, my team, the whole company. And I don't have to worry about the data. It's safe, which means I'm free to focus on the big stuff knowing everything runs smoothly in the background. It's completely shifted the way we work. Create your own AI agent in minutes on monday.com. Today we'll attempt a feat once thought impossible: overcoming high-interest credit card debt. It requires merely one thing: a SoFi personal loan. With it, you could save big Save big on interest charges by consolidating into one low fixed-rate monthly payment. Defy high-interest debt with a SoFi personal loan. Visit sofi.com/stunt to learn more. Loans originated by SoFi Bank NA, member FDIC. Terms and conditions apply. NMLS 696891. The witch hunt that you should be talking about is they caught President Obama absolutely cold. Tulsi Gabbard, uh, what they did to this country and 2016, starting in 2016, but going up all the way, going up to 2020 in the election. They tried to rig the election and they got caught, and there should be very severe consequences for that. Yeah. And here's Tulsi herself just a few days after that. Emily, go ahead. Thank you. Um, and Director Gabbard, this one is for you. Do you believe that any of this new information implicates former President President Obama in criminal behavior? We have referred and will continue to refer all of these documents to the Department of Justice and the FBI to investigate the criminal implications of this. For even former President Obama? Correct. The evidence that we have found and that we have released directly point to President Obama leading the manufacturing of this intelligence assessment. There are multiple Pieces of evidence and intelligence that confirm that fact. OK, so that's just about a year ago, and that is Tulsi herself saying Barack Obama was directly connected, in essence, to the Russia-Russia collusion hoax. When Trump was first running, how did they basically fabricate this whole idea that he was a Russian plant? So the question that I think most people are asking, I think across the board I saw everybody— you know, there was obviously a lot of sympathy. Sympathy towards Tulsi's situation with her husband. But the main political question is, okay, so you've had a year since then to put something together, and will you be putting something on the president's desk before you step down? So we shall see. I just want to do one more thing on Memorial Day because obviously it's as important a holiday as we can possibly have to honor the people who lost their lives so that we could be free and do the silly things that we do on a day-to-day basis. I asked the guys right before we started, did Bernie or AOC or a couple of the other usual suspects, did they even tweet about Memorial Day? Bernie did not tweet about Memorial Day. AOC did not tweet about Memorial Day. Ilhan Omar actually did, so why don't we give credit where credit's due? On Memorial Day, we honor the brave service members who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. We're forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. Otherwise. In her case, she's talking about the 9/11 hijackers, but mwah, mwah. If you think it's not just ridiculous that many Democrats, many mainstream Democrats, that they couldn't choke out a sentence on Memorial Day, look what the official DNC account put up. This is from Newsmax. The Democratic National Committee tweeting today in one of the most tone-deaf things I've seen from the Democrats since that Kamala enjoy the long weekend thing. A couple years ago, the DNC tweeted, quote, "Today we honor the American heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice in Trump's war with Iran." Again, on the surface, there's nothing really wrong with that tweet, but then you look at it again, you read it again, and you realize the Democrats are trying to use the death of 13 American soldiers to score political points on Memorial Day. One of the few days that should not be about politics. Yeah, I mean, it's just so disgusting and there is no low, there is no bottom to the pit or whatever. Like everything's about politics for these people. Everything is about the revolution. However, that is not how I'm going to end the show. I'd rather contrast that with Trump's message on Memorial Day. Those who have gone before us in battle have redeemed the promise of our founding for for each future generation. They've not just made the ultimate sacrifice, they've offered the ultimate proof that we Americans do indeed love liberty. We do cherish the self-government given to us by our forefathers. We do believe with all our souls in the mission that God has given to America, and we do intend with all our strength and heart to hold high the torch our heroes handed to us, and we will never, ever let it fall. Thank you very much. You are special, special people. We love you all. God bless the families of the fallen. God bless the men and women who serve. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much, everybody. Yeah, that's the right message, and it's true, and we better honor those people. You know, I was thinking last night— let me just end on this— I was thinking about 10 o'clock, we put the kids down, I was just sitting outside. I was literally sitting outside by myself. I just wanted to, like, clear my mind before, you know, after a long weekend. And I was thinking about, um, you know, how I was going to do the show today and all of those things. And if you think about, you know, I was thinking about my two grandfathers, both were in World War II. I had other family members and Korean War and Vietnam War and things like that, and we've all had, you all, everyone watching this probably has some family member that served, maybe didn't make it back or whatever. If those people knew, like if my two grandfathers who are, they didn't die in the war, but who are no longer with us, like if they knew that in 2026 there would be full-on socialists and communists and anarchists running across America, and there would be a political party that would have a guy with a Nazi tattoo a tattoo on, and they would be talking about how great communism is and socialism. Like, what do you think they would think? It's impossible to even fathom it, I think, to some extent, how far we've fallen, because it happens slowly. And it really is now our work to make sure that the thousands and thousands of people— is there any— can we even get a number on that? How many Americans have died in war? How many Americans have died in war? I guess really starting since the— I guess you'd probably start at the War of Independence. What is it? 1.3 million. Starting with the War of Independence? Is that right? Starting with— All right, we're gonna try to get an exact number on that, but it sounds like 1.3 million Americans have died in war, and we're only 250 years old. And at 250, if the founders were looking right now, and they were looking at what some of the Democrats are saying, and that New York City, you know, has basically become the epicenter of communism, it is communism, not just socialism, I think they'd be really worried. I think a lot of the people who fought for us would be incredibly dismayed. Since the Revolutionary War, 1.3 million Americans It's worth thinking about. All right. That's our Monday show. Do we have an announcement I can make for the Locals people shortly? That thing that I was trying to pull off. Do you think we can kind of— we can't make it right now. All right. We'll have to do that tomorrow. But in any event, we got a postgame show in 30 seconds. RubinReport.locals.com. Thanks for watching, everybody. Ciao.
