# Bo Knows Cars 5/16/26 "Capitalism is still king"

**Show:** Bo Knows Cars
**Date Published:** 2026-05-21
**Date Found:** 2026-05-21
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/bo-knows-cars-5-16-26-capitalism-is-still-king--72096752?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 46 minutes

## Summary

This 46-minute episode of Bo Knows Cars mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Bo Knows Cars

## Key Moment

> "All right, welcome back, everybody. Hey everybody. So again, I say this a lot because it's not— this particular part's not about politics, but you can say what you want about the Trump administration, but the reality is they're pretty funny. There's a lot of them that are— they don't— Scott Bessant is like a stalker assassin that when he takes his glasses off and cleans them, you know he's getting ready to lay down some law to some people and they suffer no fools. They're not willing to put up with stupid questions. They'll call out a stupid question. They'll call out a stupid answer. They'll look at it and go, that, that makes no sense. Why are you even asking these questions? So you got to like that. But one of the things they also do is troll, and they are superbly good at trolling and absolutely riling up the other side. And they do it intentionally, and I think he has fun with it. But the newest one, if you haven't heard, is They, uh, Adam Carolla, the, the comedian, floated this idea back in September, and then a, uh, a conservative influencer by the name of Alyssa Marie, uh, wrote about it on X, and she apparently had some, a big following. And then Trump posted right after she posted what I'm about to tell you. She— he posted calling it a great— and endorsed it on his Truth Social, calling it a great idea. But they are contemplating changing the name of ICE to the National Immigration Customs Enforcement so that every time somebody writes about it, they've got to say nice, and they've got to write all their signs saying nice agents out or nice out. And I thought it was brilliant. I'm like, you know, it still fits. National Immigration Customs Enforcement is still— it is our national, so changing the name to national doesn't do anything except make you say it's nice. And, uh, not for nothing, they're having a freakout about it, and you know they are just because they have a freakout about everything and lose their minds about stuff that just doesn't, um, doesn't make much sense to me. But also, and I talk about this constantly on this show, it is not about the people. It is about the policies and the failed policies that you see happening over and over and over again. And I said this last show or the show before that. I, I may have said it 2 or 3 shows in a row. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result. It's not going to happen. You literally can keep doing the same thing and the same thing is going to keep happening. That's the way it works in the world. And so when you see failed policies, when you see that communism or socialism has destroyed more lives and is the greatest killer of— it's the greatest manufacturer of genocide anywhere in the world ever in the history of the world. I read statistics that said between communism and socialism, they've been responsible for up to half a billion deaths in the world since Marx instituted or came up with his Marxism idea of communism or socialism. The common good doesn't work. We know that it doesn't work because 50% of the people right now in the United States are on handouts. The other 50% are the people putting in the money that the other people are getting. We do it because there's a win for us on the other side, but what if those other 50% of the people aren't pulling their end of the weight? It doesn't work. And I say that because it's always about the policies, and California and Norway— there were two articles this past week that just told me You keep doing the same thing and thinking something's going to change. California has been railing against— California's got almost as much oil, if not more oil, than Texas. It is oil rich, and Trump wanted to start back up a pipeline that was offshore in California to start creating more oil so that we could make up some of the stuff that's happening in Iran. It brings the price down. The California government, between Newsom and Rob Bonta, the, the Attorney General in the state of California, they sued the federal government to stop them from pumping this oil. What? The pipeline's already there. The oil tankers are already— or the oil rigs are already there. All while they have the very last tanker coming from the Middle East is on its way over, and they don't know how they're going to get enough oil. They don't have enough access to oil. They're certain that right now they're scrambling around trying to figure out where they're going to get oil that can be refined into fuel because they're low on— California has a special blend of fuel, right? They're the only state in the country that has a special blend of fuel that they have to do because that's what the California government decided was best for everybody. Somehow the state of California, by changing their gasoline to some certain different blend, Somehow the state of California is going to regulate the temperature for the entire Earth, even though China and India continue to build coal-fired power plants one a week, and California somehow with this special blend of gas is going to do their part to fix the entire Earth's atmosphere and temperature. It makes no sense. All you're doing is punishing the people in California. There's a reason California has $2 a gallon higher gas prices than anywhere else in the United States. They have had a war on the gasoline industry or the oil industry for the last 25 or 30 years. They've run out of the state all of the ability to have manufacturing and refineries. The refineries are shutting down and they just keep doing the same thing and thinking that something's going to change. I don't understand it and I never will understand it. The— here's the quote, and it's from, um, it was a tweet. Rob Bonta tweeted out, "We're filing a motion for a preliminary injunction in an effort to block the Trump administration from unlawfully greenlighting the restart of two California onshore oil pipelines that are subject to state regulation and oversight." Here was the response: "While Donald Trump's reckless and costless war with Iran forces families to pay more, um, Oh, I'm sorry, that wasn't the response. That was Rob Bonta. And then they went on to say his reckless and costly war with Iran forces families to pay more for gas and groceries, but his big oil donors are profiting from his attempt to illegally start the state— restart the Sable Pipeline. And I'm saying you don't have any fuel, you don't have any oil, you don't have any— what are you going to do when there's fuel shortages in the largest state in the country? It makes no sense. But then to go back to that, Norway, a bastion of leftism, did the same thing. They started shutting down all of the— Germany shut down all of their nuclear power plants while they needed power. Now they're struggling, can't keep the lights on during the wintertime. Norway though has decided that they're going to go back and reopen 3 gas fields natural gas fields that they closed. They are finally starting to see the writing on the wall, and these have been closed since 1998 for no reason. I have said this many, many times. Until somebody gets— China, India, and those two populations alone have about 3 billion people. There's something like 7 billion, 7.5 billion on Earth. So almost 50%, 40% of the entire population of the world rests in those two countries. Those two countries are burning more fuel than you could possibly imagine. Even with the rate of progress that we have here in the United States and our economy and all the other stuff, we don't come close to burning the amount of coal and fuel that China does or India does. Now, with that said, when you continue to strangle supply And cheap energy is what has given us our world. I'm going to say it again because I say it all the time. The Earth has been hotter most of the time of existence. Earth has been hotter than it is right now. We are actually in a cooling period or a cooler period. If you go back and look at all of the different eras, all of the different, um, the Paleocene era, the all of those, right? My, my, uh, science class from 8th grade is failing me for right, right now. But if you go back and you look at all of those different eras and periods, they were warmer than they are right now. I talked about this in, I don't know, 2 or 3 years ago. They found a bird that had to live in warm weather. It's a dinosaur. They— it had to be in warm weather based on everything the scientists know in upper northwest Canada by Alaska. This bird apparently needed 75 to 80 degree weather. Now you can't tell me that that bird survived in upper northwest Canada needing that kind of temperature change when— if Canada wasn't that kind of temperature. It's what makes sense. We're not going to do anything with the, with the environment by one state changing something until you get China, until you get— which is why the Paris Accords didn't work, why Trump got us out of the Paris Accords. Till you do something with those two countries, nothing anybody else is going to do is going to make any difference whatsoever. All you're doing is destroying the economy here in the United States for the American people. It's absolutely maddening that they keep doing the same thing and expecting a different result, and that the voters continue to vote for the people who keep doing it. Speaking of which, real quick, Spencer Pratt— if you're not paying attention to that kid, He was a reality show on The Hills, I think, but he, he's running for mayor. He actually might win as a Republican, as a mayor in LA. So there's that. All right. This is Bono's Cars brought to you by Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac of Murfreesboro. Come on back after the break."
> — Speaker C at 09:30
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [09:30] Speaker C: "All right, welcome back, everybody. Hey everybody. So again, I say this a lot because it's not— this particular part's not about politics, but you can say what you want about the Trump administration, but the reality is they're pretty funny. There's a lot of them that are— they don't— Scott Bessant is like a stalker assassin that when he takes his glasses off and cleans them, you know he's getting ready to lay down some law to some people and they suffer no fools. They're not willing to put up with stupid questions. They'll call out a stupid question. They'll call out a stupid answer. They'll look at it and go, that, that makes no sense. Why are you even asking these questions? So you got to like that. But one of the things they also do is troll, and they are superbly good at trolling and absolutely riling up the other side. And they do it intentionally, and I think he has fun with it. But the newest one, if you haven't heard, is They, uh, Adam Carolla, the, the comedian, floated this idea back in September, and then a, uh, a conservative influencer by the name of Alyssa Marie, uh, wrote about it on X, and she apparently had some, a big following. And then Trump posted right after she posted what I'm about to tell you. She— he posted calling it a great— and endorsed it on his Truth Social, calling it a great idea. But they are contemplating changing the name of ICE to the National Immigration Customs Enforcement so that every time somebody writes about it, they've got to say nice, and they've got to write all their signs saying nice agents out or nice out. And I thought it was brilliant. I'm like, you know, it still fits. National Immigration Customs Enforcement is still— it is our national, so changing the name to national doesn't do anything except make you say it's nice. And, uh, not for nothing, they're having a freakout about it, and you know they are just because they have a freakout about everything and lose their minds about stuff that just doesn't, um, doesn't make much sense to me. But also, and I talk about this constantly on this show, it is not about the people. It is about the policies and the failed policies that you see happening over and over and over again. And I said this last show or the show before that. I, I may have said it 2 or 3 shows in a row. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result. It's not going to happen. You literally can keep doing the same thing and the same thing is going to keep happening. That's the way it works in the world. And so when you see failed policies, when you see that communism or socialism has destroyed more lives and is the greatest killer of— it's the greatest manufacturer of genocide anywhere in the world ever in the history of the world. I read statistics that said between communism and socialism, they've been responsible for up to half a billion deaths in the world since Marx instituted or came up with his Marxism idea of communism or socialism. The common good doesn't work. We know that it doesn't work because 50% of the people right now in the United States are on handouts. The other 50% are the people putting in the money that the other people are getting. We do it because there's a win for us on the other side, but what if those other 50% of the people aren't pulling their end of the weight? It doesn't work. And I say that because it's always about the policies, and California and Norway— there were two articles this past week that just told me You keep doing the same thing and thinking something's going to change. California has been railing against— California's got almost as much oil, if not more oil, than Texas. It is oil rich, and Trump wanted to start back up a pipeline that was offshore in California to start creating more oil so that we could make up some of the stuff that's happening in Iran. It brings the price down. The California government, between Newsom and Rob Bonta, the, the Attorney General in the state of California, they sued the federal government to stop them from pumping this oil. What? The pipeline's already there. The oil tankers are already— or the oil rigs are already there. All while they have the very last tanker coming from the Middle East is on its way over, and they don't know how they're going to get enough oil. They don't have enough access to oil. They're certain that right now they're scrambling around trying to figure out where they're going to get oil that can be refined into fuel because they're low on— California has a special blend of fuel, right? They're the only state in the country that has a special blend of fuel that they have to do because that's what the California government decided was best for everybody. Somehow the state of California, by changing their gasoline to some certain different blend, Somehow the state of California is going to regulate the temperature for the entire Earth, even though China and India continue to build coal-fired power plants one a week, and California somehow with this special blend of gas is going to do their part to fix the entire Earth's atmosphere and temperature. It makes no sense. All you're doing is punishing the people in California. There's a reason California has $2 a gallon higher gas prices than anywhere else in the United States. They have had a war on the gasoline industry or the oil industry for the last 25 or 30 years. They've run out of the state all of the ability to have manufacturing and refineries. The refineries are shutting down and they just keep doing the same thing and thinking that something's going to change. I don't understand it and I never will understand it. The— here's the quote, and it's from, um, it was a tweet. Rob Bonta tweeted out, "We're filing a motion for a preliminary injunction in an effort to block the Trump administration from unlawfully greenlighting the restart of two California onshore oil pipelines that are subject to state regulation and oversight." Here was the response: "While Donald Trump's reckless and costless war with Iran forces families to pay more, um, Oh, I'm sorry, that wasn't the response. That was Rob Bonta. And then they went on to say his reckless and costly war with Iran forces families to pay more for gas and groceries, but his big oil donors are profiting from his attempt to illegally start the state— restart the Sable Pipeline. And I'm saying you don't have any fuel, you don't have any oil, you don't have any— what are you going to do when there's fuel shortages in the largest state in the country? It makes no sense. But then to go back to that, Norway, a bastion of leftism, did the same thing. They started shutting down all of the— Germany shut down all of their nuclear power plants while they needed power. Now they're struggling, can't keep the lights on during the wintertime. Norway though has decided that they're going to go back and reopen 3 gas fields natural gas fields that they closed. They are finally starting to see the writing on the wall, and these have been closed since 1998 for no reason. I have said this many, many times. Until somebody gets— China, India, and those two populations alone have about 3 billion people. There's something like 7 billion, 7.5 billion on Earth. So almost 50%, 40% of the entire population of the world rests in those two countries. Those two countries are burning more fuel than you could possibly imagine. Even with the rate of progress that we have here in the United States and our economy and all the other stuff, we don't come close to burning the amount of coal and fuel that China does or India does. Now, with that said, when you continue to strangle supply And cheap energy is what has given us our world. I'm going to say it again because I say it all the time. The Earth has been hotter most of the time of existence. Earth has been hotter than it is right now. We are actually in a cooling period or a cooler period. If you go back and look at all of the different eras, all of the different, um, the Paleocene era, the all of those, right? My, my, uh, science class from 8th grade is failing me for right, right now. But if you go back and you look at all of those different eras and periods, they were warmer than they are right now. I talked about this in, I don't know, 2 or 3 years ago. They found a bird that had to live in warm weather. It's a dinosaur. They— it had to be in warm weather based on everything the scientists know in upper northwest Canada by Alaska. This bird apparently needed 75 to 80 degree weather. Now you can't tell me that that bird survived in upper northwest Canada needing that kind of temperature change when— if Canada wasn't that kind of temperature. It's what makes sense. We're not going to do anything with the, with the environment by one state changing something until you get China, until you get— which is why the Paris Accords didn't work, why Trump got us out of the Paris Accords. Till you do something with those two countries, nothing anybody else is going to do is going to make any difference whatsoever. All you're doing is destroying the economy here in the United States for the American people. It's absolutely maddening that they keep doing the same thing and expecting a different result, and that the voters continue to vote for the people who keep doing it. Speaking of which, real quick, Spencer Pratt— if you're not paying attention to that kid, He was a reality show on The Hills, I think, but he, he's running for mayor. He actually might win as a Republican, as a mayor in LA. So there's that. All right. This is Bono's Cars brought to you by Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac of Murfreesboro. Come on back after the break."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Close your eyes. Summer smells like sunshine, fresh citrus, and salty air. What if your living room could feel just like that? With Pura's new summer collection, it can. Restore your sense of well-being with fragrances designed to move with your day. From bright, energizing mornings to soft, relaxing evenings. Make the invisible unforgettable this season. Visit pura.com to find your new favorite summer scent.

[00:27] **Speaker B:** Liberty Mutual customizes your car and home insurance. And now we're customizing this ad for your morning commute to wake you up, which could help your driving. Science says that stimulating the brain increases alertness. So here's a pop quiz: How many months have 28 days? What gets wetter as it dries? What has keys but can't open locks? If you don't want to hear the answers, turn off this Liberty Mutual ad now. 12 months. A towel. Piano. Enjoy being fully alert.

[00:54] **Speaker C:** Liberty, liberty, liberty, liberty.

[01:06] **Speaker D:** With over 30 years in the auto industry, he has decided to pull back the curtain and show you what's really inside. This is Bo Knows Cars, brought to you by Chevrolet Buick GMC of Murfreesboro. For all of your automotive needs, call 615-645-1075 or online ChevroletBuickGMC.com. Www.tmcofmurfreesboro.com. Here's your host, Bo Triven.

[01:30] **Speaker C:** All right, good morning everybody. Hope everybody is having an absolutely fantastic weekend and, uh, that it continues to get nothing but better. Hopefully the weather will cooperate here. Um, before I get started, I want to apologize to all of the mothers out there that I forgot last week when I was taping the show to, uh, to say Happy Mother's Day to everybody out there that is so necessary and so needed. My wife wanted me to remind everybody that if I talked about it, that fur babies count as being a mother too. And we have 3 children, but she, uh, I'm telling you, and she dotes on our kids and her grandkids, but holy cow, she loves our animals too. She's, uh He's a big animal person. So even if you are just a mother to a cat or a dog or something else, happy Mother's Day. And thank you to all of the mothers who are raising all of the wonderful kids that are going to be our next generation, because the job you do is— I was a single father of 3 for about, for a while, and, uh, it was a hectic job, tough job, and I wouldn't want to have to be doing that right now. Life is tough enough. And so all of you mothers out there, thank you for everything that you do from the bottom of my heart. I mean that. So I don't know if you guys caught it or not, but it was— I guess everybody's heard about it at this point because it was a big deal. And the, you know, you can say what you want about the Trump administration, you can say, you can say all the things that you want about how they're the most corrupt and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. For an absolute fact, they are the most transparent administration that I've known since I was alive, since I've been following politics, since Reagan was elected. I don't think there's ever been an administration that was as transparent, that tried to communicate everything to the United States and to the public and to the people Forget about the policies, we're just talking about transparency. But they launched a— they let out all the UFO stuff the other day, or they let out some of it, not all of it. They brought out, I think, 340 million people, and there's only 350 million, I think, in the United States, or 325. But there were 340 million hits on the government website where they launched it, war.gov/ufo. And, uh, it's got 340 million hits from Americans and truth seekers worldwide. Um, I did not— I'm not one of the 340 million because I didn't go through it. But I, I gotta feel like I've said this to somebody the other day, that if, if all of the— look, I, I believe that astronauts and, uh, fighter jet pilots, these aren't people that are prone to hyperbole. They are very measured, very calm under pressure. They, they are very visual people. They know what they're doing. They know what they're looking for. They're smart. They're brilliant, with the exception of Mark Kelly, who was an astronaut, but he's not real bright. Uh, so these are some smart people that are saying these things that we're seeing don't look normal. There's nothing in life or in, in our physical world that we know that can perform this way. So what is it? And, and I don't— I don't think that there's any Area 51 where there's some Martians that— I know they're not Martians— some aliens that are— we're studying and all of that. I don't believe that's happening because I can't believe that over the last 60 or 70 years, or however long it's been out there in the desert, that somebody that worked there didn't get on their deathbed at one point and go, let me tell you the truth, let me tell you what's really out there. It— to have conspiracy theories that are somehow involving hundreds of thousands of people. It just doesn't make sense to me logically. Somebody would talk. And so I don't know what's out there, but it definitely is something that, uh, we have, um, all been wondering and are looking forward to finding out if there is really life out there. It's also hard for me to believe that civilizations are so far advanced that they've been able to travel light years to get to us. And, uh, there was one theory that, that aliens weren't really aliens, they were really us in the future studying us from the future to make sure that we didn't screw everything up. Um, it's pretty interesting. But the second thing I wanted to talk about right now is, I don't know if you guys caught this, but Kash Patel recently came out, who is the head of the FBI, came out recently on Maria Bartiromo's show on Fox News Sunday morning. It's called Sunday Morning Futures. And Maria Bartiromo had Kash Patel on recently, and he said that there were some arrests that were coming over the coordinated effort to rig the 2020 election. Um, quote, this was his quote, we are going to be making arrests, and it's coming, and I promise you it's coming soon. That was a direct quote from Kash Patel to Maria Bartiromo. Well, now it seems that Monica Crowley, who is the chief of protocol for the U.S. government, also dropped a claim this past Wednesday that said that hard evidence that Donald Trump won the 2020 presidential election is coming, and it's coming soon. Um, here's a quote from Monica Crowley: He did win in a landslide, and we will soon be able to give evidence about that. So that's two people in the Trump administration that are pretty well-versed. And Monica Crowley, if you don't know, she's been around Trump since his first, uh, uh, term. But they're, they're two senior officials, same message, same urgency. That's, that's not a coincidence. Those people know what they're talking about. And the thing that's got to frustrate most of us is, look, I get it, where are the arrests? If they're all committing these crimes, whether it's fraud, whether it's I— it doesn't matter, sexual assault, whatever the crimes are, why are the people in power not being prosecuted the same way that you and I would be? Because if I had committed $50 million in fraud, I'd be under the jail already. And yet it just keeps dragging on with no people being held accountable, and that's frustrating. But according to Kash Patel, somebody's going to be held accountable. They've already got— we know that they went to, uh, there's a federal grand jury in Florida right now that's actively examining the issues from the 2020 election, and we know That they went in and took 700 boxes out of Fulton County, Georgia, which was one of ground zero for what could have, should have been, um, some serious problems and probably are some serious problems. There's a reason they didn't want to turn over the 700 boxes. There's a re— if there's nothing to see, here, take it. We didn't do anything wrong. Have at it. Look at the old stuff. But when you fight tooth and nail to stop from— stop the government from just looking to make sure that it was all legal and on the up and up, You're hiding something. It's just that simple. We know it, you know it, and we know that you know it. Ridiculous. But hopefully they're going to get this stuff out here soon, and we are going to have some people being perp walked. All right, this is Bono's Cars, brought to you by Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac of Murfreesboro. Come on back after the break.

[09:05] **Speaker D:** With over 30 years in the auto industry, he has decided to pull back the curtain and show you what's really inside. This is Bo Knows Cars, brought to you by Chevrolet Buick GMC of Murfreesboro. For all of your automotive needs, call 615-645-1075 or online chevroletbuickgmcmurfreesboro.com. Here's your host, Bo Tribbett.

[09:30] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome back, everybody. Hey everybody. So again, I say this a lot because it's not— this particular part's not about politics, but you can say what you want about the Trump administration, but the reality is they're pretty funny. There's a lot of them that are— they don't— Scott Bessant is like a stalker assassin that when he takes his glasses off and cleans them, you know he's getting ready to lay down some law to some people and they suffer no fools. They're not willing to put up with stupid questions. They'll call out a stupid question. They'll call out a stupid answer. They'll look at it and go, that, that makes no sense. Why are you even asking these questions? So you got to like that. But one of the things they also do is troll, and they are superbly good at trolling and absolutely riling up the other side. And they do it intentionally, and I think he has fun with it. But the newest one, if you haven't heard, is They, uh, Adam Carolla, the, the comedian, floated this idea back in September, and then a, uh, a conservative influencer by the name of Alyssa Marie, uh, wrote about it on X, and she apparently had some, a big following. And then Trump posted right after she posted what I'm about to tell you. She— he posted calling it a great— and endorsed it on his Truth Social, calling it a great idea. But they are contemplating changing the name of ICE to the National Immigration Customs Enforcement so that every time somebody writes about it, they've got to say nice, and they've got to write all their signs saying nice agents out or nice out. And I thought it was brilliant. I'm like, you know, it still fits. National Immigration Customs Enforcement is still— it is our national, so changing the name to national doesn't do anything except make you say it's nice. And, uh, not for nothing, they're having a freakout about it, and you know they are just because they have a freakout about everything and lose their minds about stuff that just doesn't, um, doesn't make much sense to me. But also, and I talk about this constantly on this show, it is not about the people. It is about the policies and the failed policies that you see happening over and over and over again. And I said this last show or the show before that. I, I may have said it 2 or 3 shows in a row. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result. It's not going to happen. You literally can keep doing the same thing and the same thing is going to keep happening. That's the way it works in the world. And so when you see failed policies, when you see that communism or socialism has destroyed more lives and is the greatest killer of— it's the greatest manufacturer of genocide anywhere in the world ever in the history of the world. I read statistics that said between communism and socialism, they've been responsible for up to half a billion deaths in the world since Marx instituted or came up with his Marxism idea of communism or socialism. The common good doesn't work. We know that it doesn't work because 50% of the people right now in the United States are on handouts. The other 50% are the people putting in the money that the other people are getting. We do it because there's a win for us on the other side, but what if those other 50% of the people aren't pulling their end of the weight? It doesn't work. And I say that because it's always about the policies, and California and Norway— there were two articles this past week that just told me You keep doing the same thing and thinking something's going to change. California has been railing against— California's got almost as much oil, if not more oil, than Texas. It is oil rich, and Trump wanted to start back up a pipeline that was offshore in California to start creating more oil so that we could make up some of the stuff that's happening in Iran. It brings the price down. The California government, between Newsom and Rob Bonta, the, the Attorney General in the state of California, they sued the federal government to stop them from pumping this oil. What? The pipeline's already there. The oil tankers are already— or the oil rigs are already there. All while they have the very last tanker coming from the Middle East is on its way over, and they don't know how they're going to get enough oil. They don't have enough access to oil. They're certain that right now they're scrambling around trying to figure out where they're going to get oil that can be refined into fuel because they're low on— California has a special blend of fuel, right? They're the only state in the country that has a special blend of fuel that they have to do because that's what the California government decided was best for everybody. Somehow the state of California, by changing their gasoline to some certain different blend, Somehow the state of California is going to regulate the temperature for the entire Earth, even though China and India continue to build coal-fired power plants one a week, and California somehow with this special blend of gas is going to do their part to fix the entire Earth's atmosphere and temperature. It makes no sense. All you're doing is punishing the people in California. There's a reason California has $2 a gallon higher gas prices than anywhere else in the United States. They have had a war on the gasoline industry or the oil industry for the last 25 or 30 years. They've run out of the state all of the ability to have manufacturing and refineries. The refineries are shutting down and they just keep doing the same thing and thinking that something's going to change. I don't understand it and I never will understand it. The— here's the quote, and it's from, um, it was a tweet. Rob Bonta tweeted out, "We're filing a motion for a preliminary injunction in an effort to block the Trump administration from unlawfully greenlighting the restart of two California onshore oil pipelines that are subject to state regulation and oversight." Here was the response: "While Donald Trump's reckless and costless war with Iran forces families to pay more, um, Oh, I'm sorry, that wasn't the response. That was Rob Bonta. And then they went on to say his reckless and costly war with Iran forces families to pay more for gas and groceries, but his big oil donors are profiting from his attempt to illegally start the state— restart the Sable Pipeline. And I'm saying you don't have any fuel, you don't have any oil, you don't have any— what are you going to do when there's fuel shortages in the largest state in the country? It makes no sense. But then to go back to that, Norway, a bastion of leftism, did the same thing. They started shutting down all of the— Germany shut down all of their nuclear power plants while they needed power. Now they're struggling, can't keep the lights on during the wintertime. Norway though has decided that they're going to go back and reopen 3 gas fields natural gas fields that they closed. They are finally starting to see the writing on the wall, and these have been closed since 1998 for no reason. I have said this many, many times. Until somebody gets— China, India, and those two populations alone have about 3 billion people. There's something like 7 billion, 7.5 billion on Earth. So almost 50%, 40% of the entire population of the world rests in those two countries. Those two countries are burning more fuel than you could possibly imagine. Even with the rate of progress that we have here in the United States and our economy and all the other stuff, we don't come close to burning the amount of coal and fuel that China does or India does. Now, with that said, when you continue to strangle supply And cheap energy is what has given us our world. I'm going to say it again because I say it all the time. The Earth has been hotter most of the time of existence. Earth has been hotter than it is right now. We are actually in a cooling period or a cooler period. If you go back and look at all of the different eras, all of the different, um, the Paleocene era, the all of those, right? My, my, uh, science class from 8th grade is failing me for right, right now. But if you go back and you look at all of those different eras and periods, they were warmer than they are right now. I talked about this in, I don't know, 2 or 3 years ago. They found a bird that had to live in warm weather. It's a dinosaur. They— it had to be in warm weather based on everything the scientists know in upper northwest Canada by Alaska. This bird apparently needed 75 to 80 degree weather. Now you can't tell me that that bird survived in upper northwest Canada needing that kind of temperature change when— if Canada wasn't that kind of temperature. It's what makes sense. We're not going to do anything with the, with the environment by one state changing something until you get China, until you get— which is why the Paris Accords didn't work, why Trump got us out of the Paris Accords. Till you do something with those two countries, nothing anybody else is going to do is going to make any difference whatsoever. All you're doing is destroying the economy here in the United States for the American people. It's absolutely maddening that they keep doing the same thing and expecting a different result, and that the voters continue to vote for the people who keep doing it. Speaking of which, real quick, Spencer Pratt— if you're not paying attention to that kid, He was a reality show on The Hills, I think, but he, he's running for mayor. He actually might win as a Republican, as a mayor in LA. So there's that. All right. This is Bono's Cars brought to you by Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac of Murfreesboro. Come on back after the break.

[20:10] **Speaker D:** With over 30 years in the auto industry, he has decided to pull back the curtain and show you what's really inside. This is Bo Knows Cars, brought to you by Chevrolet Buick GMC of Murfreesboro. For all of your automotive needs, call 615-645-1075 or online chevroletbuickgmcmurfreesboro.com. Here's your host, Bo Triven.

[20:35] **Speaker C:** All right. Welcome back, everybody. So I have two unrelated topics to cover, um, in this particular segment, but they're unrelated, but they are sort of related if you, if you can see it. They both have to do with policies and they both have to do with the thought process of one party. The first is this redistricting thing that's been going on between Florida Texas, Tennessee, uh, Utah, California, um, a couple of others have tried it. It backfired heavily on the Democrats, backfired heavily, especially after the Supreme Court of Virginia struck down Virginia's desire to, uh, redistrict their map. It really has backfired at this point. But this party that continues to talk about democracy— and by the way, I want to talk about Hakeem Jeffries for a split second. He's the Speaker of the House, and the day President Trump had his third, fourth if you count the other one, for the third or fourth attempt on his life, and one was almost millimeters away from being successful, came up with a maximum warfare all the time with a picture of President Trump And when somebody asked him if he regretted, he said, absolutely not, I don't regret any of it. And then we'll go on and talk about the Republicans having, or the right having, their violent rhetoric. What in the world are you thinking? There is a decorum here. There is at least some level of humanity where you don't have to be talking about maximum warfare after somebody almost got shot again. But these are the same people screaming about democracy and how he is getting rid of norms and destroying institutions and blah blah blah blah blah. That after the Supreme Court, which is not some Republican-led Supreme Court, it is the Supreme Court of Virginia, they— their plan— they had two plans that they came up with when they were discussing what to do now that the Supreme Court has struck down, um, their illegal redistricting efforts. And they struck it down based on the Constitution of the state of Cali— of Virginia. The first one was to just completely ignore the Supreme Court and do it anyway. Just ignore them. Like the third level of the third branch of government isn't an independent judiciary branch that's supposed to— you're supposed to pay attention to. That's why we have the courts. That's why the Founding Fathers set it up with three different distinct branches of our government: the executive, the legislative, and the judiciary. So the first is just ignore it, do it anyways, heck with them. Like that's not breaking down a norm, that's not going against the institutions, that's not destroying democracy. The second one was to replace the entire Supreme Court of the state of Virginia and allow Abigail Spanberger, their new far-left, um, governor, to go in and just handpick 7 new judges and put them on the court so they vote the way they want. It's the most amazing thing I've ever seen. These people continue to rail and say the Supreme Court is illegitimate because they're not voting the way they think they should vote, even when the vote is 8 to 1. You got to take Ketanji Brown Jackson out and just assume she doesn't have a clue what she's talking about when it comes to the law. Even Elena Kagan and, uh, Sonia Sotomayor, the other two leftists on the, the, uh, Supreme Court of the United States, even those two disagree with her most of the time. So when I say throw out her opinion, she just— she doesn't have it. They don't necessarily vote They will disagree with her dissent even though they dissented and voted the way she voted, but they don't like the way she, she comes to her conclusions. With that said, you're talking about institutional norms and in— and democracy while saying we're going to get rid of an entire Supreme Court that was put in there based on our Constitution because we don't like the way they voted for this particular thing, or we're going to ignore them And then you'll get up there and talk about how you are the righteous ones and you are the ones that are trying to uphold democracy. We're not a democracy, we're a republic. That's the first thing you need to understand. We're not a democracy. Democracy is, is four wolves and a deer deciding what's going to be for dinner tonight. That's not democracy. That deer doesn't get as much of a vote as the other four people, and they all decide they were eating the deer. or the other wolves. So I don't understand how you can continue to scream about democracy and institution and norms all at the same time, worrying about trying to just disregard the judicial branch, and then if you can't disregard them, literally completely getting rid of them and getting somebody— if that's not the actual definition of Bolshevik, If it's not the way that communism works, we don't like the way you did something, so you're, you're in the gulag now, and we're gonna put somebody in there that'll do what we tell them to. One of the reasons we are the greatest country on earth is because the Founding Fathers knew that if you don't divide the power up and have three operating branches of government that have the equal power, that you are destined to end up with a dictatorship at some point. Benjamin Franklin said, "We've given you a republic if you can hold it, if you can keep it." And I think they're doing everything they can at this point to not keep it, to do everything they can to destroy it. Although you cannot point to another place on earth that's better than the United States of America. They know it, I know it, you know it, but they continue to destroy what is already the greatest. And you're not gonna make it better with some communism or socialism. Tenants. That's not what's going to happen. Second, the second subject I wanted to talk about, and when I talk about they weren't really related but they sort of are, it's this mentality that I just don't understand. I'm, I'm in a studio right now looking at a, a screen of downtown Nashville, and it's nighttime and the lights are lit up, and it is just When you look at the progress in the technology and think that that's 50 years ago, it didn't look anything like that. And the speed at which we are, are changing our world, it's absolutely amazing. But none of this happens— get in an airplane and fly over at night and look at all the lights down there— none of that happens without cheap energy, without energy that we can continue to use that is abundant and is a resource that we can afford. And right now we are in an absolute AI race. The space race we thought was going to be something back in the '60s and '70s, but this AI race could determine humanity. And there are some nefarious people out there doing some nefarious things that if they get there, if they get ahead of AI, we're going to be in trouble. The problem with AI is It is absolutely energy-sapping. It requires amazing amounts of energy to keep it going. AOC and Bernie Sanders, two of the biggest Democratic socialists— and just drop the Democratic, they're just socialists— in our current government, and they have filed a bill or introduced a bill that's going to pause data center construction. It's just dumb. It's just plain out dumb. You're going to pause it while the rest of the world is— while China and the other countries out there that are trying to work on AI are going to— China especially— are going to continue to go forward. China doesn't give a rip about the environment. China is still building one coal-fired power plant every week. And they are doing it to make sure that they are positioning themselves as the only superpower. And if we don't have cheap energy to do that, we are going to be in trouble. And if you think that China is going to use it for good, you're wrong. They're not. They're in it for the long haul to take over the world. But their reasoning was, AOC and Bernie Sanders' reasoning was that it's going to drive prices up for fuel, for energy, your electric prices are going to get hot, go higher, which is absolute bunk. Right now there's more data centers in Northern Virginia than anywhere else in the United States, and none of them, or none of the prices have gone up in energy in the data centers. You know, there is a way to do it though. Elon Musk built a supercomputer here in Tennessee, and I'm not even sure what's— what— where it is in Tennessee, but somewhere here in Tennessee Elon Musk built up, uh, or built a supercomputer and he built his own and set up his own gas turbines to power it. The problem is the government, our government says that the only people that can make or sell power are controlled by the government. Now you can go off the grid. You can't sell it. You can use it for your own use, which is what Elon Musk did. But even Microsoft bought Three Mile Island. To have nuclear power to power one of their data sites. They're going to fire it back up. They're going to do it all on their own dime. Fine. But even they have to wait for other providers to run more power lines and transmission lines in other states before they can even use the power that they paid for, that they're developing. And by the way, as when we don't— who's going to go invest billions of dollars to build their own power centers and electric grids to run these data centers when a new administration can come in and say, yeah, that— you can't run that anymore, it's illegal, it's always been illegal, that's our new policy. Here's an executive order saying we got to shut those things down, you can't do that. And all of a sudden you got $2 billion invested in a power plant that, that is unusable. Capital goes away from fear, and there is always fear that the next administration isn't going to understand that we can't control the environment, not the way that they think we can, and that using wind and power and— or wind and sun is not going to change the way we grow. And China is not going to stop. We will end up being one of those third world countries while China turns into what we were. It is absolutely amazing, the policies. They— I see it constantly. You keep Putting the same policies out there and the same people who've never actually had jobs. Bernie Sanders, AOC may have had one as a bartender, may or may not, but Bernie Sanders never had a job in the private sector and he's 60-something years old. These people don't understand the real world. They don't understand real work and how things actually work in the real world. All right, this is Bono's Cars, rants about lots of other stuff, brought to you by Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac of Murfreesboro. Come on back after the break.

[32:12] **Speaker D:** With over 30 years in the auto industry, he has decided to pull back the curtain and show you what's really inside. This is Bo Nosecar. Cars, brought to you by Chevrolet Buick GMC of Murfreesboro. For all of your automotive needs, call 615-645-1075 or online chevroletbuickgmcmurfreesboro.com. Here's your host, Bo Tribbett.

[32:37] **Speaker C:** All right, welcome back everybody. So I read a quote from Stephen Moore. Who was one of President Trump's economic advisors and, um, very smart man recently. And he said the biggest wealth transfer in America isn't— in American history isn't happening on Wall Street. It's happening on U-Hauls. Over $2 trillion in income fled high-tax blue states for low-tax red states in just 11 years. $2 trillion in the last 11 years. And the blue state solution, Raise taxes again. Keep raising taxes. Here was the actual quote: Nearly $2 trillion in economic growth has left blue states and headed for the red states in the last decade. Uh, that's according to economic data from the Committee to Unleash Prosperity, which is a conservative economic group. The group used IRS data from the years 2012 to 2023 to calculate the movement in cumulative, cumulative income between states which were classified as red states or red Trump states or blue Harris states, based on which way they voted in the 2024 presidential election. That $2 trillion transfer is larger than the GDP of a lot of countries. New York had the biggest fall in cumulative, cumulative adjusted gross income, losing $660 billion in gross income between 2012 and 2023. California came next with $503 billion in the same time period. In contrast, Florida gained $1.3 trillion Texas gained $371 billion, and I think I saw something that said Tennessee gained like $180 billion. Um, and so I say that, I preface that with capital, capital and capitalists will flee where there is and find better ways to invest their money. And if you think that's not helping the economies of those other states, you're absolutely wrong. You know, Margaret Thatcher, who was the Prime Minister of the UK back in, I think she in '79, she became Prime Minister. And she was the one who had the famous quote about socialism that was, um, the problem with socialism is eventually you run out of other people's money. But she also had an interesting contrast when she got into office. About the difference between communism and capitalism and the difference between media in a free capitalist society and the media in a communist society is that the media in a free society will constantly and perpetually bash the system that created the prosperity for them and for the country, while the, the media in a communist country will continually brag about how great the system was. Even amid complete economic, social, and political crisis. She gave an example of the Soviet Union having to buy wheat from the United States despite boasting endlessly about the wonders of state-run collectivist farming. So if it's all so great and your population— if collectivist farming is producing so much, why are you buying wheat from us? You could supply your own. She said, "Whenever I visit communist countries, their politicians never hesitate to boast about their achievements." And she went on to say, and this is a quote from Margaret Thatcher, they know them all by heart and reel off the facts and figures claiming that this is the richest harvest of the— this is the rich harvest of the communist system. Yet they are not as prosperous as we are in the West, or as prosperous— oh, and they are not free as we are in the West. Our capitalist system produces a far higher standard of prosperity and happiness because it believes in incentive and opportunity, and because it is founded on human dignity and freedom. The sad part is that capitalism, for whatever reason, has gotten such a bad rap over the last, uh, however many years that like only 21% of people— I think it's 21% of Americans hold a very positive view of capitalism. I'm one of those 21%, and it drops to 11% under those that are under the age of 30. That has to do with our upper education system and indoctrinating students into believing that somehow socialism, which has never worked— and I started the show off talking about the fact that socialism and communism are responsible for over half a billion deaths— and yet you're still— the argument is always, well, they haven't tried it the right way yet. There is no right way. It doesn't work. It's been proven over and over and over again. And you fools that think it's going to work and somehow pull us out of $38 trillion worth of debt and somehow we're not gonna have to just grow our way out of that, you're absolutely foolish. You have no idea. You didn't study economics because if you did, you would know that that doesn't work. There was a guy by the name of, uh, let me make sure I get his last name, Norberg, I know, Johan, Johan Norberg. He's a Swede and he wrote a book recently And it's called The Capitalist Manifesto. If you've studied any of this stuff, then you know that there is a Communist Manifesto that was written by, I think, Karl Marx. But in his— in Johan Norberg's book, he examines the problems of the last 20 years, including financial crises, violence in the Middle East, a worldwide global pandemic, industrial-scale war in Europe, other disasters that have hit. We've had a bunch of natural disasters that have hit here in the United States, around the world, tsunamis. But despite all of that, the last 20 years, despite all those devastating catastrophes, the last 20 years has nonetheless been the best years in human history. He goes on and says that a third of all wealth ever created, ever was created over the last 2 decades alone. A third, one-third of all wealth ever created, and that doesn't go to just a few people. We are all better off. You're carrying around a $1,000 iPhone, almost everybody's got one. The whole world is better off, but over the last 20 years, a third of the wealth created in the entire history of the world has been created in the last 20 years. How's that possible? Well, I don't know, but he goes on to talk about, um, here, let me just read it to you. A third of the wealth ever created was created over the last two decades alone. Over the last 20 years, during every minute of complaining about how global capitalism has wrecked the world, over 90 people climbed out of destitution. 90 people every minute for the last 10 years have come out of— or the last 20 years, 90 people every minute for the last 20 years have climbed out of being destitute. Including, by the way, um, child mortality has fallen so dramatically that the number of annual child deaths is down by millions compared to a decade ago, even as the total population has grown. Why? Because there is a miraculous problem-solving capacity of human beings. When— that's why when you keep talking about global warming and we're going to destroy the planet and we're going to all die and there's going to be millions of deaths, you act like we haven't had to adapt as human beings over the course of history forever. When man first started walking on Earth, there were a lot of animals much bigger than him that he didn't— he had to figure out how to make into food. And they did. And when I talked about this a few shows ago, about the fact that, that they were talking in the '60s about having food shortages, and we were, we were going to starve people to death because we couldn't grow enough food. And then the one guy comes along, he was a— I think he was a Swede too, but came along, uh, farmer out of Iowa, and just figured out how to make a better wheat. And now we feed twice as many people on 10% less land than we were doing 30 years ago. We adjust. There is a— human beings have the capacity when spurred on by incentive or desire, and desire can be to have the incentive, but when spurred on by incentive or desire, human beings can accomplish more than most people give us credit for. Especially politicians. Politicians have no idea the capacity because they can't expand their brain to know what Elon Musk is willing to say. Elon Musk looks at everything and questions it. Why can't we reuse that rocket? Why can't we catch it in these giant chopsticks? Why can't we have an electric car that, that actually can be manufactured at scale that people will buy? Why can't we bore tunnels under things that go miles and miles and miles and make traffic a lot better? Why can't we have, um, SpaceX or humanoids or whatever? He— you— just because you can't think about it doesn't mean other human beings out there aren't solving the problems. I wouldn't have a clue how to code a computer. I wouldn't have a clue how to do anything that had to do with AI except ask it a question. But there are people out there that are much, much smarter than me, that know more than me, that are driven to find the solutions and the answers. And why shouldn't they be rewarded? Why shouldn't they? I saw AOC go on TV the other day, or on some podcast, and say, if you've got a billion dollars, you didn't earn that. You can't earn a billion dollars. And the, the bobblehead, um, person that was running the, the podcast, like, that's right, you can't. That's right. No, no, you can't, AOC. But if Elon Musk created a billion dollars for himself There were a lot of other people that also got rich, that were created by million— made millionaires by just buying the stock. They didn't have to put in any of the work or any of the risk, and yet they still got rich. All of the teachers unions, all of the workers unions that invest in Tesla or all of these other stocks. Why shouldn't the people that invented these companies that have created hundreds— millions and millions and millions of jobs that are well-paying jobs that keep the economy humming, Why shouldn't they be rewarded? That's capitalism. So they also go on to talk about how the, the, um, the pandemic should have, you know, look how fragile it was during the pandemic. You know what's amazing to me? The pandemic didn't slow us down. It slowed us down for a short period of time, and then restaurants and people with supply chain issues all figured out how to keep it going. Whether, okay, we had a run on toilet paper. I thought that was stupid. But they figured out a way to get us more toilet paper. Nobody ever had to go without toilet paper. Supply chains work. We re— we reimagine. There are smart people out there that figure out the problems, and the problem-solving capacity in a free society, one that is driven by your own thought processes and your own imagination— and that's what capitalism is. It's a free society for you to either make it or not. I, I don't understand how people don't get that. And that if you think that there are a lot of people out there that are willing to go to work for everybody else— yeah, 50% of us do, but there's another 50% out there that aren't willing to say, I'm not going to do that, I'm not paying taxes, I'm not going to go— why would I go work for somebody else? I'm not going to— well, that is where the problem lies. Socialism, capitalism— I mean, socialism, communism Doesn't work, never has worked. Capitalism has brought us the greatest prosperity in the history of the earth, and it's only getting better. Nothing's going to change that. If you change the system, woe be unto us, because the, the downside is going to be dramatic. Alright, this is Bono's Cars, brought to you by Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac of Murfreesboro. I hope, uh, everybody has a great weekend. Come on back next week.

[45:17] **Speaker A:** Hate cleaning? Hate scrubbing? Hate dishwashing? Bro, we got you! Millions of videos about smart cleaning hacks will make your chores feel like a breeze. Download TikTok and check it out.

[45:30] **Speaker E:** This summer, don't squeeze in, spread out. Find homes big enough for your whole guest list on VRBO. From family reunions to trips with friends, VRBO has spacious summer stays for every group, size, and budget. That's vacation rentals done right. Start exploring on VRBO and book your next stay Now.
