# Mark talks about the dangers of legal and illegal firework displays along with the latest from the Boyle heights warehouse fire disaster

**Show:** The John Kobylt Show
**Date Published:** 2026-07-03
**Date Found:** 2026-07-03
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/john-and-ken-on-demand/mark-talks-about-the-dangers-of-legal-and-illegal-firework-displays-along-with-the-latest-from-the-boyle-heights-warehouse-fire-disaster?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 45 minutes

## Summary

This 45-minute episode of The John Kobylt Show mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The John Kobylt Show

## Key Moment

> "There's a quality of, and again, a presumption of safety because you've, you know, bought it and it's packaged and you open it and like, what could it possibly— it's, you know, it's an explosive device. And the fact that you bought it from some store, uh, if you did indeed buy from some store, there are all these, you know, roadside fireworks display things that you can get. But when I was a kid, you know, we're fascinated. I mean, all little boys are so into that, you know. Oh, they're Chinese fireworks, they're Asian fireworks. Oh my God, look at the lettering, it's Chinese. Look at the wrapping, it's this, it's this red paper. It was so— it was contraband. And the idea somehow that anything bad would happen is not something— in fact, the toughest thing, as I recall, was like untangling all these firecrackers. They're like wrapped together in this perfect sort of origami or whatever they use. But when we sit there on the Fourth of July and we see all of those illegal fireworks displays and we hear it, as Deborah says, it's going on everywhere, and we have the influencers who now have these houses and the influencers on Instagram and they're showing off the way they are firing off fireworks, it's scary. And, you know, if I'm a firefighter, I'm, you know, I'm dreading that night. I really am. I'm leaving out the, you know, the pollution and all that stuff. I mean, you can, you know, I guess people just sort of deal with it. I mean, it's— there's a lot of toxins in the air, as you know, but, but just the fire danger, I mean, it can cost somebody their home., you know, it can cost an entire community their homes. So I encourage responsible— I know, look, I'm saying it almost as a defeated soul because I know no one's going to pay attention, but exactly, you know, I encourage you to be responsible. The Boyle Heights folks, they want that entire Lineage Logistics cold storage warehouse out. They've had enough. They're having rallies there now. I mean, you talk about a fire— that was an extraordinary series of events that brought those millions of pounds of spoiled food inside that facility to contaminate a neighborhood. The smell, the toxicity. So residents are demanding that Lineage Logistics permanently close. They say tear the whole building down, get rid of it. And there are a lot of organizations that are rallying around this effort. So, uh, look, Karen Bass announcing two executive orders to try to speed up cleanup and the recovery efforts to try to, you know, handle this thing. But what— it was June 17th when it all started, and so it took forever to get this thing under control. There was all that— those, I guess I want to say toxic, uh, fumes, certainly noxious fumes. And they are trying to get Boyle Heights back to, uh, back on track. So Fire Department, LA Sanitation, Department of Water and Power, they're all monitoring things. The Fire Department's going to issue a report within 90 days with status, but the residents say, hey, great report, whatever, we want this warehouse gone. We'll see. I mean, it's big money. They saved about half of the place. It was 500,000 square feet, and they saved about half of it, but there's a lot of smoke and water damage, and the section most heavily damaged by the fire was pretty much, you know, taken apart during the firefighting operations. So 85 million pounds of rotting food is being transported to landfills in Ventura and Riverside counties. Congratulations, Ventura and Riverside counties. And city officials are saying, hey, look, we're trying to minimize the impact on surrounding neighborhoods, but, you know, there are a lot of trucks that are needed. Lineage, the company that owns the warehouse, say it'll, it'll probably take 5,000 truckloads to clear the site. So this is a to be continued, but that community wants them out. We'll see what happens. I also wouldn't be surprised if there are not some lawsuits that spring up, some class actions as a result. It's the John Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in for John. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Mark Thompson sitting in for John. I guess they indicted that, uh, former Olympian on the felony charge there at the reflecting pool. They're calling it vandalism. David Hearn— I mean, this is an Olympic canoe racer— indicted on a single count of property destruction. He'd said to the Associated Press that he was just reaching into the pool to look at the newly peeled coating. I guess the coating was peeling up from the bottom of the pool. He said he briefly touched a chunk that was still attached to the side of the pool. Then let go shortly after a park worker told him to. He's 67 years old, from Bethesda, Maryland, right outside of D.C., owned a company that made composite materials used to build watercraft, said that he just stopped by the pool during his 64-mile bike ride. 64-mile bike ride. That's how you can tell there's an Olympian in the house. A 64-mile bike ride. He said that he was detained by the National Guard and Park Police for 5 hours before being released. The president is saying that federal authorities were made— making multiple arrests of people that he said were vandalizing the reflecting pool. As the president was struggling to explain why the $14 million plus rehabilitation project that he launched for the nation's 250th anniversary seemingly didn't come together. He claims vandalism, and this former Olympia— Olympian canoe racer David Hearn indicted today on a felony charge. And, uh, that's a to-be-continued. The 250th birthday of the Nation is just sort of not going really according to hoyle, you know, it's not going like, uh, click-clacking along. To be fair to everybody involved, the weather isn't helping. I mean, it's excruciatingly hot and humid there in Washington. They're part of this immense area of heat that's covering the East. Everybody— Philadelphia, New York, Washington— 100 degrees easy. And the humidity in Washington is stifling. So now, with thin crowds expected and with a late show of fireworks and a late speech from the president, there are additional security measures in place. Food tents are set up throughout the National Mall. I've said before, I love this idea of a national state fair. Like, I would just think that would be so much fun, but sadly this thing just hasn't come off well at all. It's been informed by politics, divisions, accusations, and as they say, the weather doesn't help. But, uh, and, and I, I have to say this, to be fair, the president isn't helping when he says, I'm committed to giving, quote, a really long speech. I mean, I think no one, no one wants to hear a really long speech from anyone. And you know, and when it's 107 degrees, you really don't want to hear a long speech. He says, on July 4th, it's going to be approximately 107 degrees out, and I'm going to go and I'm going to make a really long speech just to show that I can do anything. That's a quote. So there's strict security measures from the Secret Service, from the DC cops. That are limiting the overall appeal because you're not going to be able to bring food, you're not going to bring water bottles into the area. And you know, as the president says, it's 107. So there are a lot of people are angry at the prices of hot dogs and sodas. I saw a corn dog that was— you know, I was watching some of these Instagram influencers. Hot corn dog is $12. I think there was a soda that was $10. There's not a lot of shade. The one thing I would have done if I were helping with the planning is I would have made sure there was more shade. Apparently a lot of kids were crying over limited shade, and a few, uh, were angry about that— the fact that there are not a lot of, um, areas for relaxing, you know. I don't know if you've been to DC before, but there are a lot of cops everywhere. There are different kinds of cops. They're, uh, mall cops, but I mean not like the kind of malls that, you know, mall cops that are at like the, um, the Galleria. They're like, they're patrolling the mall. They're National Park Police, okay? And they're all loaded up with the other police. They're Embassy Police in Washington. There's LA— I mean, rather, DC Metro, like the people who are the real cops, right? There are Capitol Hill Police. These are all separate police in Washington. I grew up there. It's incredible how many police departments are— those are just a few that I can remember. And they all come— Secret Service is everywhere, and, and they're jerks. I mean, you, you haven't met jerks like those guys. I remember being in Lafayette Park, right across the street from the White House, and they were clearing Lafayette Park for some reason. The president wanted to walk somewhere, or some, you know, some dignitary it might have been. And our car was, I'm going to say, 25 feet from where we were standing. And my parents were 90 at the time and were standing there. And I said, and he said, we got to get this all clear. Got to— folks need you out, out, out, out, like that kind of, you know. And I said, our car's right there. I've just taken my parents there. And he said, I need you out, sir. Out there, out that way. It's the cars right here, sir. We gotta loop all the way. They— there's just that. There's— that's on display, and that can kill anybody's buzz for the Fourth of July. Now, I'm not saying that that's the way they all are now at all, but I'm just saying, you know, oftentimes when you put people in positions of authority around this kind of thing and it's 100 degrees, people are irritated. That's all. Anyway, there are food tents there. The National Mall is serving hot dogs, cheeseburgers, and pizza. If you want a bottle of water, it's $5. And the event, uh, as you know, has had a lot of cancellations. The Commodores, Morris Day, and a lot of other people pulled out. But the president will be speaking. And as I say, it— I think it would have been a terrific idea, the Great American State Fair, but sadly it just doesn't seem to be going off in any way the way Americans would have liked. So when we come back, the vote, the goal of higher voter turnout in California, and is something being done about the length of time it takes to get a result in California? The answer may surprise you. It's the Jon Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in."
> — Speaker F at 06:58
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [06:58] Speaker F: "There's a quality of, and again, a presumption of safety because you've, you know, bought it and it's packaged and you open it and like, what could it possibly— it's, you know, it's an explosive device. And the fact that you bought it from some store, uh, if you did indeed buy from some store, there are all these, you know, roadside fireworks display things that you can get. But when I was a kid, you know, we're fascinated. I mean, all little boys are so into that, you know. Oh, they're Chinese fireworks, they're Asian fireworks. Oh my God, look at the lettering, it's Chinese. Look at the wrapping, it's this, it's this red paper. It was so— it was contraband. And the idea somehow that anything bad would happen is not something— in fact, the toughest thing, as I recall, was like untangling all these firecrackers. They're like wrapped together in this perfect sort of origami or whatever they use. But when we sit there on the Fourth of July and we see all of those illegal fireworks displays and we hear it, as Deborah says, it's going on everywhere, and we have the influencers who now have these houses and the influencers on Instagram and they're showing off the way they are firing off fireworks, it's scary. And, you know, if I'm a firefighter, I'm, you know, I'm dreading that night. I really am. I'm leaving out the, you know, the pollution and all that stuff. I mean, you can, you know, I guess people just sort of deal with it. I mean, it's— there's a lot of toxins in the air, as you know, but, but just the fire danger, I mean, it can cost somebody their home., you know, it can cost an entire community their homes. So I encourage responsible— I know, look, I'm saying it almost as a defeated soul because I know no one's going to pay attention, but exactly, you know, I encourage you to be responsible. The Boyle Heights folks, they want that entire Lineage Logistics cold storage warehouse out. They've had enough. They're having rallies there now. I mean, you talk about a fire— that was an extraordinary series of events that brought those millions of pounds of spoiled food inside that facility to contaminate a neighborhood. The smell, the toxicity. So residents are demanding that Lineage Logistics permanently close. They say tear the whole building down, get rid of it. And there are a lot of organizations that are rallying around this effort. So, uh, look, Karen Bass announcing two executive orders to try to speed up cleanup and the recovery efforts to try to, you know, handle this thing. But what— it was June 17th when it all started, and so it took forever to get this thing under control. There was all that— those, I guess I want to say toxic, uh, fumes, certainly noxious fumes. And they are trying to get Boyle Heights back to, uh, back on track. So Fire Department, LA Sanitation, Department of Water and Power, they're all monitoring things. The Fire Department's going to issue a report within 90 days with status, but the residents say, hey, great report, whatever, we want this warehouse gone. We'll see. I mean, it's big money. They saved about half of the place. It was 500,000 square feet, and they saved about half of it, but there's a lot of smoke and water damage, and the section most heavily damaged by the fire was pretty much, you know, taken apart during the firefighting operations. So 85 million pounds of rotting food is being transported to landfills in Ventura and Riverside counties. Congratulations, Ventura and Riverside counties. And city officials are saying, hey, look, we're trying to minimize the impact on surrounding neighborhoods, but, you know, there are a lot of trucks that are needed. Lineage, the company that owns the warehouse, say it'll, it'll probably take 5,000 truckloads to clear the site. So this is a to be continued, but that community wants them out. We'll see what happens. I also wouldn't be surprised if there are not some lawsuits that spring up, some class actions as a result. It's the John Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in for John. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Mark Thompson sitting in for John. I guess they indicted that, uh, former Olympian on the felony charge there at the reflecting pool. They're calling it vandalism. David Hearn— I mean, this is an Olympic canoe racer— indicted on a single count of property destruction. He'd said to the Associated Press that he was just reaching into the pool to look at the newly peeled coating. I guess the coating was peeling up from the bottom of the pool. He said he briefly touched a chunk that was still attached to the side of the pool. Then let go shortly after a park worker told him to. He's 67 years old, from Bethesda, Maryland, right outside of D.C., owned a company that made composite materials used to build watercraft, said that he just stopped by the pool during his 64-mile bike ride. 64-mile bike ride. That's how you can tell there's an Olympian in the house. A 64-mile bike ride. He said that he was detained by the National Guard and Park Police for 5 hours before being released. The president is saying that federal authorities were made— making multiple arrests of people that he said were vandalizing the reflecting pool. As the president was struggling to explain why the $14 million plus rehabilitation project that he launched for the nation's 250th anniversary seemingly didn't come together. He claims vandalism, and this former Olympia— Olympian canoe racer David Hearn indicted today on a felony charge. And, uh, that's a to-be-continued. The 250th birthday of the Nation is just sort of not going really according to hoyle, you know, it's not going like, uh, click-clacking along. To be fair to everybody involved, the weather isn't helping. I mean, it's excruciatingly hot and humid there in Washington. They're part of this immense area of heat that's covering the East. Everybody— Philadelphia, New York, Washington— 100 degrees easy. And the humidity in Washington is stifling. So now, with thin crowds expected and with a late show of fireworks and a late speech from the president, there are additional security measures in place. Food tents are set up throughout the National Mall. I've said before, I love this idea of a national state fair. Like, I would just think that would be so much fun, but sadly this thing just hasn't come off well at all. It's been informed by politics, divisions, accusations, and as they say, the weather doesn't help. But, uh, and, and I, I have to say this, to be fair, the president isn't helping when he says, I'm committed to giving, quote, a really long speech. I mean, I think no one, no one wants to hear a really long speech from anyone. And you know, and when it's 107 degrees, you really don't want to hear a long speech. He says, on July 4th, it's going to be approximately 107 degrees out, and I'm going to go and I'm going to make a really long speech just to show that I can do anything. That's a quote. So there's strict security measures from the Secret Service, from the DC cops. That are limiting the overall appeal because you're not going to be able to bring food, you're not going to bring water bottles into the area. And you know, as the president says, it's 107. So there are a lot of people are angry at the prices of hot dogs and sodas. I saw a corn dog that was— you know, I was watching some of these Instagram influencers. Hot corn dog is $12. I think there was a soda that was $10. There's not a lot of shade. The one thing I would have done if I were helping with the planning is I would have made sure there was more shade. Apparently a lot of kids were crying over limited shade, and a few, uh, were angry about that— the fact that there are not a lot of, um, areas for relaxing, you know. I don't know if you've been to DC before, but there are a lot of cops everywhere. There are different kinds of cops. They're, uh, mall cops, but I mean not like the kind of malls that, you know, mall cops that are at like the, um, the Galleria. They're like, they're patrolling the mall. They're National Park Police, okay? And they're all loaded up with the other police. They're Embassy Police in Washington. There's LA— I mean, rather, DC Metro, like the people who are the real cops, right? There are Capitol Hill Police. These are all separate police in Washington. I grew up there. It's incredible how many police departments are— those are just a few that I can remember. And they all come— Secret Service is everywhere, and, and they're jerks. I mean, you, you haven't met jerks like those guys. I remember being in Lafayette Park, right across the street from the White House, and they were clearing Lafayette Park for some reason. The president wanted to walk somewhere, or some, you know, some dignitary it might have been. And our car was, I'm going to say, 25 feet from where we were standing. And my parents were 90 at the time and were standing there. And I said, and he said, we got to get this all clear. Got to— folks need you out, out, out, out, like that kind of, you know. And I said, our car's right there. I've just taken my parents there. And he said, I need you out, sir. Out there, out that way. It's the cars right here, sir. We gotta loop all the way. They— there's just that. There's— that's on display, and that can kill anybody's buzz for the Fourth of July. Now, I'm not saying that that's the way they all are now at all, but I'm just saying, you know, oftentimes when you put people in positions of authority around this kind of thing and it's 100 degrees, people are irritated. That's all. Anyway, there are food tents there. The National Mall is serving hot dogs, cheeseburgers, and pizza. If you want a bottle of water, it's $5. And the event, uh, as you know, has had a lot of cancellations. The Commodores, Morris Day, and a lot of other people pulled out. But the president will be speaking. And as I say, it— I think it would have been a terrific idea, the Great American State Fair, but sadly it just doesn't seem to be going off in any way the way Americans would have liked. So when we come back, the vote, the goal of higher voter turnout in California, and is something being done about the length of time it takes to get a result in California? The answer may surprise you. It's the Jon Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human. Think about it. When it comes to your own food, you can walk into a restaurant, see what's being made, and know exactly what you're getting. But with dog food, most brands keep that completely hidden. Just Food for Dogs does the opposite. They've built their entire brand around open kitchens. You can actually walk in and watch them prepare your dog's meals with real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas, cooked right there in front of you. No mystery, no behind the scenes you're not allowed to see. That kind of transparency is rare in the pet food world, and it's a big reason they've become the number one vet-recommended fresh dog food, earning trust from pet parents who want to feel confident in what they're feeding. When a brand is willing to show you exactly how your dog's food is made, it says a lot about the care, quality, and standards behind every meal they produce. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to justfoodfordogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[01:05] **Speaker B:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years, Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone, always dependable since 1900.

[01:35] **Speaker C:** Summer is here! At Orderly Meds, we know this time is a reminder that life is full of new beginnings. Whether you're celebrating the nice weather, starting a new chapter, planning a vacation, or simply looking ahead to what's next, this season can be the perfect time to invest in yourself and your health. If you've struggled with weight loss and are curious about GLP-1 medications, Orderly Meds can help you learn about your options. Through a simple virtual process, you can connect with licensed medical professionals who can determine whether treatment may be appropriate for you. Getting started is fast, convenient, and happens online from the comfort of home. This summer, consider a new approach to feeling your best. Visit orderlymeds.com/podcast to learn more. That's orderlymeds.com/podcast. Orderlymeds.com/podcast. Because every new season is an opportunity to take the next step forward. Compounded medications are not FDA approved. Eligibility required and determined by a licensed provider. Individual results may vary. See website for details.

[02:35] **Speaker D:** You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in? The concrete jungle suffocating your soul? You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, maybe chase some elk, fish a private stream, Well, listen up. There's a whole world out there, and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to land.com. They've got ranches, forests, mountains, you name it. Search by acreage, location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of. Land.com. It's where the adventure begins.

[03:09] **Speaker E:** You know, my favorite part of the morning is that first cup of coffee. A small, quiet ritual that sets the rhythm for the day. That's why I appreciate De'Longhi. For over 50 years, they've combined Italian Italian craftsmanship and thoughtful design. And as the number one espresso machine brand in the world, they make it effortless. Just a damn fine cup of coffee in your own kitchen. Right now, with Prime Day and De'Longhi Summer Sale, save up to 40% off select machines. After all, if it's not Italian, is it even espresso?

[03:39] **Speaker F:** KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobelt Podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Mark Thompson here for John Cobelt. 4th of July weekend ramp up. I have to tell you that the, uh, fireworks, which are a big part of 4th of July, when you've lost your house to fire, it is an extremely anxiety-provoking experience. Not because fireworks aren't lovely in their own way, celebratory and spectacular, but because there are so many illegal fireworks displays that you see and hear everywhere, all this stuff. And it is— the first word of fireworks is fire. And I'm sorry, I feel as though we live in a region with an immense threat of fire. And as I say, our entire neighborhood burned because of fire in the 2018 Getty fire, the Palisades fire. I don't need to tell you the Eaton fire. I don't need to tell you. I mean, we're all sensitive to this. And yet I can say this: I know there will be scores of illegal fireworks displayed. You can sit there and just watch them. Deborah, you've seen them just, you know, boom boom boom. It's like all over.

[05:01] **Speaker G:** I'm hearing them every single night. In fact, Somebody was lighting fireworks last night. I wanna say 1 or 2 in the morning. Who does that? Idiots. I'm sorry. And I live up in the hills and it pisses me off. It really, really does. People do not have any respect for the dangers. I, I, I look, I like fireworks in a safe environment. They're beautiful. I've grown up with, you know, going to fireworks shows. But not in these residential areas that are in fire-prone areas. It's ridiculous.

[05:35] **Speaker F:** Yeah, I mean, it really, uh, sadly is a, is a threat. I mean, I find the two holidays that really just put me on edge, and we never leave the house because we're so worried. I mean, I'm sorry, I know we have PTSD from our experience with the fire, but we on the Fourth of July are home, and on New Year's Eve we're home. Because those are the two big fireworks and illegal fireworks display days and nights. Now again, there's some spectacular shows and gatherings and picnics, and you know, it's all really fun, but the illegal stuff— and I know that, look, I get it, it's sort of like, you know, Dad comes home with one of those rocket things that, you know, is filled with different, you know, sparklers and Uh, and here's another YouTube deep dive for you. Jump on fireworks— I don't know, it's called everything from fireworks fails to fireworks problems to— I mean, you will be astounded. Like, you know, dad, everybody stand back, I got this, I got this, and before you know it, the whole house goes up. Yeah, I mean, it's not an exaggeration.

[06:47] **Speaker G:** No, I grew up on my street when I was a little girl. One of the houses on our street burned to the ground because of fireworks. And I'll never forget that. It was horrifying.

[06:58] **Speaker F:** There's a quality of, and again, a presumption of safety because you've, you know, bought it and it's packaged and you open it and like, what could it possibly— it's, you know, it's an explosive device. And the fact that you bought it from some store, uh, if you did indeed buy from some store, there are all these, you know, roadside fireworks display things that you can get. But when I was a kid, you know, we're fascinated. I mean, all little boys are so into that, you know. Oh, they're Chinese fireworks, they're Asian fireworks. Oh my God, look at the lettering, it's Chinese. Look at the wrapping, it's this, it's this red paper. It was so— it was contraband. And the idea somehow that anything bad would happen is not something— in fact, the toughest thing, as I recall, was like untangling all these firecrackers. They're like wrapped together in this perfect sort of origami or whatever they use. But when we sit there on the Fourth of July and we see all of those illegal fireworks displays and we hear it, as Deborah says, it's going on everywhere, and we have the influencers who now have these houses and the influencers on Instagram and they're showing off the way they are firing off fireworks, it's scary. And, you know, if I'm a firefighter, I'm, you know, I'm dreading that night. I really am. I'm leaving out the, you know, the pollution and all that stuff. I mean, you can, you know, I guess people just sort of deal with it. I mean, it's— there's a lot of toxins in the air, as you know, but, but just the fire danger, I mean, it can cost somebody their home., you know, it can cost an entire community their homes. So I encourage responsible— I know, look, I'm saying it almost as a defeated soul because I know no one's going to pay attention, but exactly, you know, I encourage you to be responsible. The Boyle Heights folks, they want that entire Lineage Logistics cold storage warehouse out. They've had enough. They're having rallies there now. I mean, you talk about a fire— that was an extraordinary series of events that brought those millions of pounds of spoiled food inside that facility to contaminate a neighborhood. The smell, the toxicity. So residents are demanding that Lineage Logistics permanently close. They say tear the whole building down, get rid of it. And there are a lot of organizations that are rallying around this effort. So, uh, look, Karen Bass announcing two executive orders to try to speed up cleanup and the recovery efforts to try to, you know, handle this thing. But what— it was June 17th when it all started, and so it took forever to get this thing under control. There was all that— those, I guess I want to say toxic, uh, fumes, certainly noxious fumes. And they are trying to get Boyle Heights back to, uh, back on track. So Fire Department, LA Sanitation, Department of Water and Power, they're all monitoring things. The Fire Department's going to issue a report within 90 days with status, but the residents say, hey, great report, whatever, we want this warehouse gone. We'll see. I mean, it's big money. They saved about half of the place. It was 500,000 square feet, and they saved about half of it, but there's a lot of smoke and water damage, and the section most heavily damaged by the fire was pretty much, you know, taken apart during the firefighting operations. So 85 million pounds of rotting food is being transported to landfills in Ventura and Riverside counties. Congratulations, Ventura and Riverside counties. And city officials are saying, hey, look, we're trying to minimize the impact on surrounding neighborhoods, but, you know, there are a lot of trucks that are needed. Lineage, the company that owns the warehouse, say it'll, it'll probably take 5,000 truckloads to clear the site. So this is a to be continued, but that community wants them out. We'll see what happens. I also wouldn't be surprised if there are not some lawsuits that spring up, some class actions as a result. It's the John Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in for John. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Mark Thompson sitting in for John. I guess they indicted that, uh, former Olympian on the felony charge there at the reflecting pool. They're calling it vandalism. David Hearn— I mean, this is an Olympic canoe racer— indicted on a single count of property destruction. He'd said to the Associated Press that he was just reaching into the pool to look at the newly peeled coating. I guess the coating was peeling up from the bottom of the pool. He said he briefly touched a chunk that was still attached to the side of the pool. Then let go shortly after a park worker told him to. He's 67 years old, from Bethesda, Maryland, right outside of D.C., owned a company that made composite materials used to build watercraft, said that he just stopped by the pool during his 64-mile bike ride. 64-mile bike ride. That's how you can tell there's an Olympian in the house. A 64-mile bike ride. He said that he was detained by the National Guard and Park Police for 5 hours before being released. The president is saying that federal authorities were made— making multiple arrests of people that he said were vandalizing the reflecting pool. As the president was struggling to explain why the $14 million plus rehabilitation project that he launched for the nation's 250th anniversary seemingly didn't come together. He claims vandalism, and this former Olympia— Olympian canoe racer David Hearn indicted today on a felony charge. And, uh, that's a to-be-continued. The 250th birthday of the Nation is just sort of not going really according to hoyle, you know, it's not going like, uh, click-clacking along. To be fair to everybody involved, the weather isn't helping. I mean, it's excruciatingly hot and humid there in Washington. They're part of this immense area of heat that's covering the East. Everybody— Philadelphia, New York, Washington— 100 degrees easy. And the humidity in Washington is stifling. So now, with thin crowds expected and with a late show of fireworks and a late speech from the president, there are additional security measures in place. Food tents are set up throughout the National Mall. I've said before, I love this idea of a national state fair. Like, I would just think that would be so much fun, but sadly this thing just hasn't come off well at all. It's been informed by politics, divisions, accusations, and as they say, the weather doesn't help. But, uh, and, and I, I have to say this, to be fair, the president isn't helping when he says, I'm committed to giving, quote, a really long speech. I mean, I think no one, no one wants to hear a really long speech from anyone. And you know, and when it's 107 degrees, you really don't want to hear a long speech. He says, on July 4th, it's going to be approximately 107 degrees out, and I'm going to go and I'm going to make a really long speech just to show that I can do anything. That's a quote. So there's strict security measures from the Secret Service, from the DC cops. That are limiting the overall appeal because you're not going to be able to bring food, you're not going to bring water bottles into the area. And you know, as the president says, it's 107. So there are a lot of people are angry at the prices of hot dogs and sodas. I saw a corn dog that was— you know, I was watching some of these Instagram influencers. Hot corn dog is $12. I think there was a soda that was $10. There's not a lot of shade. The one thing I would have done if I were helping with the planning is I would have made sure there was more shade. Apparently a lot of kids were crying over limited shade, and a few, uh, were angry about that— the fact that there are not a lot of, um, areas for relaxing, you know. I don't know if you've been to DC before, but there are a lot of cops everywhere. There are different kinds of cops. They're, uh, mall cops, but I mean not like the kind of malls that, you know, mall cops that are at like the, um, the Galleria. They're like, they're patrolling the mall. They're National Park Police, okay? And they're all loaded up with the other police. They're Embassy Police in Washington. There's LA— I mean, rather, DC Metro, like the people who are the real cops, right? There are Capitol Hill Police. These are all separate police in Washington. I grew up there. It's incredible how many police departments are— those are just a few that I can remember. And they all come— Secret Service is everywhere, and, and they're jerks. I mean, you, you haven't met jerks like those guys. I remember being in Lafayette Park, right across the street from the White House, and they were clearing Lafayette Park for some reason. The president wanted to walk somewhere, or some, you know, some dignitary it might have been. And our car was, I'm going to say, 25 feet from where we were standing. And my parents were 90 at the time and were standing there. And I said, and he said, we got to get this all clear. Got to— folks need you out, out, out, out, like that kind of, you know. And I said, our car's right there. I've just taken my parents there. And he said, I need you out, sir. Out there, out that way. It's the cars right here, sir. We gotta loop all the way. They— there's just that. There's— that's on display, and that can kill anybody's buzz for the Fourth of July. Now, I'm not saying that that's the way they all are now at all, but I'm just saying, you know, oftentimes when you put people in positions of authority around this kind of thing and it's 100 degrees, people are irritated. That's all. Anyway, there are food tents there. The National Mall is serving hot dogs, cheeseburgers, and pizza. If you want a bottle of water, it's $5. And the event, uh, as you know, has had a lot of cancellations. The Commodores, Morris Day, and a lot of other people pulled out. But the president will be speaking. And as I say, it— I think it would have been a terrific idea, the Great American State Fair, but sadly it just doesn't seem to be going off in any way the way Americans would have liked. So when we come back, the vote, the goal of higher voter turnout in California, and is something being done about the length of time it takes to get a result in California? The answer may surprise you. It's the Jon Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in.

[19:29] **Speaker A:** Think about it. When it comes to your own food, you can walk into a restaurant, see what's being made, and know exactly what you're getting. But with dog food, most brands keep that completely hidden. Just Food for Dogs does the opposite. They've built their entire brand around open kitchens. You can actually walk in and watch them prepare your dog's meals with real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas. Cooked right there in front of you. No mystery, no behind the scenes you're not allowed to see. That kind of transparency is rare in the pet food world, and it's a big reason they've become the #1 vet recommended fresh dog food, earning trust from pet parents who want to feel confident in what they're feeding. When a brand is willing to show you exactly how your dog's food is made, it says a lot about the care, quality, and standards behind every meal they produce. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to justfoodfordogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[20:30] **Speaker B:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years, Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone, always dependable since 1900.

[20:59] **Speaker C:** Summer is here, which means we all want to look and feel our best. A GLP-1 may be right for you. Visit OrderlyMeds.com to learn more about which GLP-1 you could be eligible for. Getting started is fast, easy, easy and happens virtually through telemedicine from licensed professionals. Check it out for yourself. Go to orderlymeds.com/podcast. That's orderlymeds.com/podcast. Taking care of yourself feels great. Compounded medications are not FDA approved. Eligibility required and determined by a licensed provider. Individual results may vary. See website for details.

[21:31] **Speaker D:** You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in, the concrete jungle suffocating your soul? You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, Maybe chase some elk, fish a private stream. Well, listen up, there's a whole world out there and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to LAND.com. They've got ranches, forests, mountains, you name it. Search by acreage, location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of. LAND.com, it's where the adventure begins.

[22:04] **Speaker E:** You know, my favorite part of the morning is that first cup of coffee, a small quiet ritual that sets the rhythm for the day. That's why I appreciate De'Longhi. For over 50 years, they've combined Italian craftsmanship and thoughtful design. And as the number one espresso machine brand in the world, they make it effortless— just a damn fine cup of coffee in your own kitchen. Right now, with Prime Day and De'Longhi Summer Sale, save up to 40% off select machines. After all, if it's not Italian, is it even espresso?

[22:34] **Speaker F:** You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM640. John Cobalt Show. Mark Thompson here with all the Cobalt kids. Rock and Roll Ray. Tony's in the master chair today, and, uh, Deborah Mark watching news for us. You know, Tony's on my big YouTube show, uh, Deborah. He's, uh, he runs the board for that.

[22:55] **Speaker G:** I didn't know that.

[22:56] **Speaker F:** Yeah, Tony's got like 11 jobs, and I know that because every time one of them calls, he goes, hey man, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta get out of here.

[23:04] **Speaker E:** Yeah, I gotta—

[23:04] **Speaker F:** I don't even follow what half the stuff he's doing. Neither can I. Yeah, crazy. But one of our listener viewers on my show— I do a YouTube show, I'm also on the iHeartRadio app and it's on Spotify and stuff— called The Mark Thompson Show. But anyway, Tony's a character on the show, you know, because people know Tony. Somebody made a 3D printer version of a Tony Award because the Tony Awards were going down and we had to say, you know, people asked, is Tony getting an award? It was just kind of a fun thing. And this guy made a 3D print of Tony with the headphones in front of a pinball machine, because you know he's into those pinball machines. It's pretty great, Tony. Pretty great. So we have— it's shocking. It really is. We have a Tony Award with actual Tony in the foreground, uh, in the background— in the background to the foreground of my shot. Uh, California may be nearing the end of ballot counting from its June 2nd primary. This slow process is the result of multiple changes over the years that were supposed to boost turnout, to make voting easier and more accessible, but it doesn't necessarily make counting the votes faster. So they're studying voting trends, and it suggested that there's, despite all of these efforts, been no major significant improvement in voter participation. Even as the tabulation is drawn out, and even as it becomes this kind of, uh, we become the, you know, we get all this derision from Washington and California, those libs, it takes so long to count. Turnout hit 40.8% in the June primary according to preliminary figures from the Secretary of State's office. Counties required to complete their counting by today. That was an increase over the previous two primary elections, by the way. It was below participation levels in several other primaries if you go back to 2000, and nowhere near the participation that you had in the 1970s. In the 1970s, okay, and the turnout again hit 40.8% in the June primary here. In the 1970s, primary turnout topped 70%. What happened to all those people who used to show up to vote? There's a huge gap between younger voters and voters of color, according to the Center for Inclusive Democracy, which is this nonpartisan research group. The most consistent voters remain older white more affluent homeowners. The state appears to have seen only incremental progress from all of these changes over the past decade or more to reach out to communities to try to get people involved to boost turnout. So over the years, this state of California, heavily Democratic, has made a lot of changes trying to drive up voter participation. They lengthen the time it takes to count ballots, but they also increase the number of ways you can get your ballot to the state. Every voter gets a mail-in ballot. It can arrive at an election office 7 days after the election, still be counted. And, you know, this is all stuff that should increase participation. You know, every envelope has to match the signature on file. That takes time. If the signature doesn't match, election officials are required to give those voters a chance to come in and prove their identity. So this stuff does slow down the count. I mean, it's one of those things like, do you want the result quickly or do you want the result accurately? I do think we could pick up the pace. But again, if you want it to be perfectly fair and you want everyone to get a chance to have their voice heard, it may take this time. But clearly this is a self-inflicted situation in California, right? The report released last month, the nonpartisan California Voter Foundation found that the percentage of California's ballots counted within 2 days of Election Day has generally declined over time. It used to be in '04, 81% of the ballots were counted within 2 days of Election Day. Now, 66%. So that's because of the expansion of mail-in voting. Florida, Texas, other big states quickly wrap up vote counting. California really is in a separate category. We take weeks to decide, as you know. Election officials say, hey, look, we're focused on getting it right. And the extended tabulating period has led to candidates see leads slip away. And when you see a lead slip away, when you're kind of going, what's going on? There's voter fraud. Come on, I was ahead. And of course, this is really something that went down in the June primary, Donald Trump talking about California's reputation for being slow, sort of adding to the cloud of potential voting problems. I know John has talked about the fact that in the mayoral race here, that there were votes that came from people who were, it's alleged, paid, you know, homeless people paid to vote. That's been something, by the way, that's gone on in Chicago. I had that has had that for decades. You know, the question— because it's not— it's absolutely illegal, obviously, and it should be— it's actionable. It should be stopped. There is no justification or rationale. But one does have to look at those numbers and tell me whether it influences an outcome. So maybe it does, maybe it doesn't. I'm just saying that, you know, that's really the litmus test on it, but it's, it's way, way out of bounds. But these efforts, bottom line, to boost turnout, these are the things that are slowing things down. And, you know, you have, uh, huge registration gains. Nearly 85% of eligible voters are registered. That's really impressive. I mean, it was only 70% 20 years ago, but that means more votes to count. And, you know, in this case, as I say, Maybe not the turnout that everyone would have liked, but that's your basically a wrap-up on where we sit for voting and for mail-in voting and why our votes, at least at this point, are not handled in a timely fashion. The, uh, the state government, I think they're dedicating $40 million, I saw, to, uh, to try to speed things up. So we'll see if that's indeed effective. But these are the weighting down of the vote that we're seeing. It's largely the mail-in and it's just that simple. You know, it's an encumbrance. You know, it's just— it's a weight on, on everything. It is the Kobelt Show. Mark Thompson sitting in on Fourth of July ramp up to the weekend.

[30:43] **Speaker E:** You're listening.

[30:44] **Speaker A:** Think about it. When it comes to your own food, you can walk into a restaurant, see what's being made, and know exactly what you're getting. But with dog food, most brands keep that completely hidden. Just Food for Dogs does the opposite. They've built their entire brand around open kitchens. You can actually walk in and watch them prepare your dog's meals with real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas cooked right there in front of you. No mystery, no behind the scenes you're not allowed to see. That kind of transparency is rare in the pet food world. And it's a big reason they've become the #1 vet-recommended fresh dog food, earning trust from pet parents who want to feel confident in what they're feeding. When a brand is willing to show you exactly how your dog's food is made, it says a lot about the care, quality, and standards behind every meal they produce. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to JustFoodForDogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[31:45] **Speaker B:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years, Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone. Always Dependable. Since 1900.

[32:14] **Speaker C:** Summer is here! At Orderly Meds, we know this time is a reminder that life is full of new beginnings. Whether you're celebrating the nice weather, starting a new chapter, planning a vacation, or simply looking ahead to what's next, this season can be the perfect time to invest in yourself and your health. If you've struggled with weight loss and are curious about GLP-1 medications, Orderly Meds can help you learn about your options. Through a simple virtual process, you can connect with licensed medical professionals who can determine whether treatment may be appropriate for you. Getting started is fast, convenient, and happens online from the comfort of home. This summer, consider a new approach to feeling your best. Visit OrderlyMeds.com/podcast to learn more. That's OrderlyMeds.com/podcast. OrderlyMeds.com/podcast. Because every new season is an opportunity to take the next step forward. Compounded medications are not FDA approved. Eligibility required and determined by a licensed provider. Individual results may vary. See website for details.

[33:15] **Speaker D:** You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in? The concrete jungle suffocating your soul? You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, maybe chase some elk. To fish a private stream. Well, listen up. There's a whole world out there, and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to LAND.com. They've got ranches, forests, mountains, you name it. Search by acreage, location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of. LAND.com. It's where the adventure begins.

[33:49] **Speaker E:** I've always believed the way you start your morning sets the tone for everything that follows. That first cup of coffee isn't just a routine, it's a ritual. That quiet moment before the day really begins. That's why I appreciate De'Longhi. For over 50 years, they've combined Italian craftsmanship, thoughtful design, and innovation for homes around the world. As the number one espresso machine brand in the world, they bring that same expertise to an espresso experience that feels effortless and makes mornings a little more delicious. The machine looks beautiful in my kitchen, but it's also incredibly simple to use. A quick Espresso before heading out the door, or a cappuccino on a slower morning, it turns an everyday moment into something worth savoring. Dare I say, a damn fine cup of coffee. Right now, with Prime Day and De'Longhi summer sale, save up to 40% off select machines. After all, if it's not Italian, is it even espresso? To learn more, visit delonghi.com or search De'Longhi espresso machines on Amazon. Happy brewing!

[34:48] **Speaker F:** Listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Mark Thompson here for John Cobalt, finishing up. And Conway's ahead, he's the big grand marshal, you know, at that Huntington Beach Fourth of July parade. It's kind of, you know, it's kind of his head a little bit. You can see just the way he walks around the hall, a little bit of an attitude. It goes down on Saturday, the Fourth of July, starts at 10 AM. Conway again in the KFI classic vehicle. He'll be the grand marshal of the parade in Huntington Beach. If you want more information, hb4thofjuly.org. It's a whole weekend, in fact, in Huntington Beach. They have all sorts of festivities planned, so check them out there, hb4thofjuly.org. I will tell you now Spoiler alert, if you're, uh, it's not the US is not playing. As you know, we played last night, but Portugal and Croatia getting toward the end. Spoiler alert again, it is all tied up. Croatia and Portugal, 1-1. The bill to ban sex offenders from running for office fails in the California Senate committee. California Democratic senators failed to advance a proposal that would have barred registered sex offenders from running for office. Assembly Bill 2753. The committee's lone Republican, Steve Choi from Irvine, and Sabrina Cervantes from Riverside, Democrat, voted in favor of the bill. It is likely dead because it failed to get support from majority of the 5-member panel. Scott Wiener in San Francisco voted against it. Tom Umberg, Santa Ana. Ben Allen in Santa Monica, abstaining from a vote. So this defeat comes on the heels of a lot of support. There was a, uh, 60-nothing vote in favor on the Assembly floor on May 7th. But the bill's wording said that the legislation would, quote, prohibit a person from being a candidate for or elected to any state or local elective office if the person has ever been required to register as a sex offender. Interesting that it just didn't get the support. They have, you know, this weird thing with— I mean, I guess it's probably a right to do it this way, but it's just the way it's done when it comes to sex offenses in California. There are 3 tiers. So the first tier calls for a minimum of 10 years on that sex offender registry, and then there's a second tier, it calls for a minimum of 20 years. And then the third tier, that could result in a lifetime on that registry. So the types of offenses for each tier vary, you know. Type Tier 1, like indecent exposure, misdemeanor child pornography, sexual battery. Tier 2 is incest and all this other stuff that's pretty gross. Tier 3 is felony possession of child pornography and The, uh, and rape and pimping and pandering of my— it's, it's all gross stuff. But again, it's a, an area that would seem to be rich to at least, I think, slap something on there to prevent kind of, uh, of service that would be involved in being an elected official. Now again, it may be in the wording of the bill that you need to change, you know, this wording to accommodate someone who's paid their debt to society, or however you want to look at it. I mean, to me, the whole thing is so grotesque. But on the other hand, I mean, there can be a lot of details, and you could be forced into, you know, pleading out Tier 1 or something. And it may be, you know, I'm sure there are innocent people caught up in all of it, but on the whole, as far as I'm concerned These people are all pretty gross. Um, there is also a way in which things can be twisted. There can be all sorts of, uh, ways in which the law can be turned on people, and perhaps that was a consideration. But I'm perplexed, you know, I'm puzzled as to why this bill to ban sex offenders from running for office fails completely. Again, it might be in the wording, I don't know. Billionaire or not, California is coming for your money. The billionaire wealth tax, which we will vote on in November, is something that I think is really nuanced. The big thing that they say with the California, uh, billionaire taxes— don't tax them because if you tax them, they're all going to leave. Well, if you don't tax them, you won't get the money, and you're not going to get the money you're not getting. So, uh, this is a to be continued, but I think this is a far more nuanced question than is being handled right now in the back and forth around it. But the other thing about the billionaire tax, and even Newsom is playing this kind of game with it, I think, uh, is whether or not, you know, billionaires have no salaries, so you need to tax them on assets. And assets can oftentimes be unrealized gains, right? If they have a lot of stock, that's, that's not a gain they've realized yet. So there's got to be a way to figure how the tax will work. And the way it's proposed is on those assets. And so that becomes, I think, something that could be an effective source of revenue. What's interesting to me is there's so few billionaires. I mean, you know, I don't know how, how a tax on billionaires could get the kind of pushback it's getting, but the big way in which it's getting pushback is, don't tax them, they'll leave, and we need their tax money now. You mean the tax money we're not getting, we need that? It's kind of a crazy argument, but all right, that is a little bit around the horn with politics. With proposals, with the election. So I leave you with that on this Fourth of July and the 250th birthday of this great country. Really a pleasure always to hang out with you. Happy World Cup, happy Fourth of July, happy Huntington Beach Parade if you're going down to see Conway do that. And until next time, all the best and happy Fourth. We are KFI AM 640, live everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. Hey, you've been listening to the John Cobalt Show podcast. You can always hear the show live on KFI AM 640 from 1 to 4 PM every Monday through Friday, and of course anytime on demand on the iHeartRadio app.

[42:15] **Speaker A:** Most dog food brands don't really want you seeing how their food is made. Just Food for Dogs is the opposite. They actually invite you in. You can walk into any of their kitchens and see real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas being prepared right in front of you. It's real food made in real kitchens. Nothing is hidden behind labels, and that kind of transparency says a lot. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to justfoodfordogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[42:46] **Speaker B:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years, Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone. Always Dependable. Since 1900.

[43:15] **Speaker C:** Summer is here! At Orderly Meds, we know this time is a reminder that life is full of new beginnings. Whether you're celebrating the nice weather, starting a new chapter, planning a vacation, or simply looking ahead to what's next, this season can be the perfect time to invest in yourself and your health. If you've struggled with weight loss and are curious about GLP-1 medications, Orderly Meds can help you learn about your options. Through a simple virtual process, you can connect with licensed medical professionals who can determine whether treatment may be appropriate for you. Getting started is fast, convenient, and happens online from the comfort of home. This summer, consider a new approach to feeling your best. Visit orderlymeds.com/podcast to learn more. That's orderlymeds.com/podcast. Orderlymeds.com/podcast. Because every new season is an opportunity to take the next step forward. Compounded medications Medications are not FDA approved. Eligibility required and determined by a licensed provider. Individual results may vary. See website for details.

[44:16] **Speaker H:** This is Tony Ayo from The Real Report with Tony Ayo and Uncle Murda. You ever notice how everything keeps going up? Rent, streaming, even extra salsa at your favorite burrito spot. But with Boost Mobile, you don't have to play the will this go up soon game. Boost Mobile offers an unlimited talk, text, and data plan at a price that'll never go up. It's the same price you'll pay for life. Switch now for unlimited wireless at a price that'll never go up, only at Boost Mobile. After 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited plan.

[44:46] **Speaker D:** You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in? The concrete jungle suffocating your soul? You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, maybe chase some elk, fish a private stream. Well, listen up, there's a whole world out there and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to land. Land.com. They've got ranches, forest, mountains, you name it. Search by acreage, location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of. Land.com, it's where the adventure begins.
