# Episode Three Hundred Three: Bryson Rules

**Show:** The Death Of Journalism
**Date Published:** 2026-07-23
**Date Found:** 2026-07-23
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/episode-three-hundred-three-bryson-rules--73117268?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 93 minutes

## Summary

This 93-minute episode of The Death Of Journalism mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The Death Of Journalism

## Key Moment

> "All new drinks are now at McDonald's with refreshers like the Strawberry Watermelon Refresher and the Mango Pineapple Refresher with popping boba to crafted sodas like the Sprite Berry Blast with berry flavors and cold foam. Who knew ice cold drinks could be so fire? 6 all-new drinks are here now at McDonald's. Refreshers contain caffeine. Welcome to episode 303 of the Death of Journalism podcast. My name is John Ziegler. I'm your host. On this week's show, President Trump claims to break big news on the 2020 election, but even most of the MAGA media doesn't really care. Conspiracy theories continue to dominate right-wing media content. The Bryson DeChambeau rules controversy overshadows the British Open. More WNBA woke insanity. Is permanent daylight saving time a good idea? And my review of the movie Odyssey, which just as I predicted has been a big success at the box office. We begin this week's episode of the podcast with a story that, at least in MAGA world, was huge at the end of last week but has already very tellingly largely, if not totally, been forgotten. That was when President Trump decided to give a prime-time address to the nation, although almost no major television networks carried the speech live, to discuss what he described as absolutely bombshell information proving that the 2020 presidential election had indeed, as he has been claiming for years, been stolen from him. Now, there's a lot of different aspects to this story. I'm not going to belabor it because frankly it's already old news, and I think the lack of reaction to it kind of proves my side of the argument. But just for the record, since this is the Death of Journalism podcast, there's a major media aspect to this, which is what I've already implied. The president of the United States gave a primetime address, and most of the television networks did not decide to carry it live. Now, almost every network had a different way of handling this situation. Fox News Channel carried it live. NewsNation carried it live. Others carried parts of it. Some treated it as a major news story but did not carry it live, basically previewing it and then commentating on it without actually showing it, which was odd. And I fully understand why this was a very difficult decision for the news organizations. I get if we lived in a normal world where the Trump fans are upset that, wait a minute, the president of the States is giving a primetime address. Shouldn't all the major news networks, including the over-the-air, quote unquote, networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, shouldn't they carry it live? Well, yes and no. I would ask those who are on the side of Donald Trump, and I know there are some who are subscribers to this podcast who are Trump fans, to think about it this way. Let's pretend that Gavin Newsom wins the presidency in 2028, which I think there's a pretty darn good chance he's going to, but we don't know for sure. Let's hope not. Our current fear factor rating is 7.0 there and slightly rising. Let's pretend Newsom wins. Doesn't even have to be Newsom, but he would be the most likely to do this. And he decides to, uh, give a primetime address claiming that he has absolutely breathtaking proof, evidence, what have you, that contrary to what has been debunked, the 2016 election, or maybe the 2024 election, but let's say 2016 since There's already been a lot of speculation about that, and I think that probably is the better analogy here, that in 2016 he has proof that, guess what, Russia really did collude with President Trump and was the reason why he won that distant election. And let's pretend, because it's Newsom, it's all a bunch of bullshit. There's no new evidence. All he's doing is rehashing old stuff. And let's pretend that MAGA world, uh, was reacting to that happening. Would they want all the major networks to be carrying that live, or would they be screaming bloody murder if that happened? Especially given the fact that there was no strong evidence provided, there's no bombshell new information, and that we have to trust before we just make this decision to air this speech that what Newsom is telling us is true. And based upon his history, there's no reason to do that. I think that's a pretty good analogy. I think that any reasonable person would say, wait a minute, there's no reason for the major networks to, to blow out prime time coverage to give credibility to a speech that clearly is not based in facts or truth and is clearly extremely partisan. And in this case, not just partisan, but when it comes to Trump with the 2020 election, basically a personal obsession. That's really what we have here, a personal obsession based in ego, where Trump acting like a king— this has always been my biggest concern about Trump 2.0, because there's not going to be anyone around him that's going to be willing to tell him no. There's no one that's going to be willing to stand up and die on this particular hill, or any hill, but this one in particular, because everyone around Trump knows this is the hill you do not stand on the 2020 election because he's lost his goddamn mind on this. His ego is such that he cannot accept the fact that he lost the 2020 election. So in my mind, it was a very rational decision for major networks to not carry this live. Now, from an economic perspective, I totally get why Fox News Channel decided to air it live because their audience is in on this, which is ironic, very ironic, considering the fact that Fox News Channel had to pay a boatload of money in a defamation lawsuit settlement because of claims that were debunked related to the 2020 election being fixed against Donald Trump. Now, I frankly never understood why Fox News Channel, uh, settled this case for as much money as they did, because I didn't think that they were nearly as guilty as some other MAGA media outlets did. I actually thought that they did it maybe as a strategy to try to force Newsmax into a very difficult situation, but I don't have any solid information on that. The point is, look, from an economics perspective, a rating standpoint, it makes sense for Fox News Channel to carry this, which they did. They gave it full credibility, lots of hype, Lots of preview, but then something really, really, really telling happened, which was literally 5 or 6 minutes after the speech was over. Sean Hannity, Trump's buddy, number one supporter on Fox News Channel for many, many years, immediately changed subjects and did so in a way that was clearly preplanned. They had guests lined up. They knew they wanted out of this as quickly and as seamlessly as possible. Give MAGA what it wants. Pretend to give the king his credibility. But we're going to move on from this immediately because we already know there's nothing to this. Now, I'm fully open to the idea that Hannity was basically told this is what you have to do. Because the parent company or the higher-ups are already very antsy about this subject given the settlement that I already discussed. I get that, but Hannity clearly went along with this. There were all sorts of ways that if Hannity didn't want to do that, he could have at least given the wink-wink nod-nod to the audience. That didn't happen. Even Sean Hannity knows that what Donald Trump did last week was mostly bullshit.. And it wasn't difficult to discern that this was mostly bullshit, if not totally bullshit. First of all, when I looked at this and I watched the whole damn thing, I wasted however long this was, uh, you know, uh, several, almost an hour of my life, uh, watching this thing. And it was so clearly absurd on the very basics of the speech. It didn't even get out of the batter's box. And tried to prove this case. Why? Well, number one, he kept talking about all these classified documents that he was being, that were being made public. He didn't show one of them, not one. Online, as I was starting to mock the speech, I kept having MAGA supporters say, John, are you gonna, are you going to read the documents for yourself? I said, yes, I will read all the documents that Donald Trump presented during his presentation. Which was zero. Zero. If he really had— can we use our brains for a second here, people? If he really had bombshell information that a presidential election had been rigged against him by a foreign nation, in this case China, not Russia, although ironically enough, when people actually looked at the documents that he released, shockingly, there was fragments that also indicated, guess what? Russia tried to help Trump in 2020. That's true. That's a fact. You can look it up for yourself. But, but if he really had this bombshell information, he would show the fucking document or documents that were in question. He did nothing of the sort. But what he did do instead was try to bring in Spencer Pratt and the Los Angeles mayoral election into this as somehow proof Although what he's talking about is true. And as someone who was way ahead of the curve on what really was going on with Spencer Pratt in the LA election, I know that's undeniably bullshit. Now, are our elections poorly run? Absolutely. Are they ridiculously poorly run in Los Angeles? 100%. Is there the opportunity? For fraudulent votes? Absolutely. Especially with universal mail-in balloting. I can't stand universal mail-in balloting. I'm one of the few people to rail against it on CNN Live, which I did about a month ago after the election in Los Angeles. And so I get it. I get that our elections are far from perfect and things ought to be done to fix them. COVID basically blew a hole in our election process. It totally changed the rules, which is why Joe Biden got 81 million votes. And this, I think, is maybe the most important part of this whole controversy, because I think we have everything backwards in this day and age. And this goes for the right as well as the left. And, and it's one of the reasons why journalism is dead, why we have the Death of Journalism podcast. And that is that it used to be— I thought when I was learning how to do journalism that you go where the facts take you and then you come to a conclusion. And by the way, you're open to changing that conclusion if you get more facts or new facts or old facts turned out to not be what you thought they were going to be. That's the way you did this. Now everything's in the opposite direction. Now we come to a conclusion first, and then we try to look for facts to back up our preferred conclusion. And that's what's happened with the 2020 election and MAGA world, and specifically Donald Trump. They can't wrap their minds around the fact that Joe Biden got 81 million popular votes. I get that. It's a crazy number for a guy no one really was all that enthused about. But Trump fans refuse to understand the basic reality of the 2020 election. It was not rigged, but it was a completely absurd election because of what COVID did to the narrative, the COVID panic did to the narrative, and what the COVID panic did to the rules. And when you have universal mail-in battling, you have this unprecedented panic, and you have an enormous amount of hatred towards Donald Trump because he was rightly or wrongly— I think mostly wrongly— getting enormous amounts of blame for the fact that the country had been essentially shut down, uh, for most of the year because of the COVID panic. You're gonna have people who are going to be super energized to vote against the incumbent president. And their only way of doing that was to vote for the alternative, which was Joe Biden, which is why Joe Biden got 81 million votes. Now, were all 81 million votes 100% legitimate? I'm sure they weren't, but it was darn near close to 81 million votes, and it did not impact the results of the Electoral College. And you know how I know that? Because we have the state of Georgia. If people were to ask me, okay, Zig, in one word, how do you know Trump's speech was mostly bullshit, if not totally? That one word would be Georgia, because we have a Republican state with a very good Republican governor, a very good Republican Secretary of State, Most of the infrastructure was Republican in 2020, and there was absolutely, positively no evidence that the election in Georgia in 2020 was stolen from Donald Trump. And if it had been, we would know about it because the state of Georgia would have been the first to be screaming bloody murder because they had the self-interest to do so. The people there had an enormous self-interest, especially once Trump was effectively asking them to find new votes, uh, and, and doing all sorts of completely inappropriate things. Although he technically— I, I don't think he broke the law in what he said, but it was totally inappropriate. They had a huge self-interest to try to find fraud, and they didn't. And as far as this issue of China, look, I have no problem believing that China— we already know China disrupted the 2020 election. This was maybe the part of Trump's speech that bugged me the most. It wasn't just that it was based in a fallacy with no real evidence, and he was not even providing the evidence because it's not really there."
> — Speaker B at 00:33
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:33] Speaker B: "All new drinks are now at McDonald's with refreshers like the Strawberry Watermelon Refresher and the Mango Pineapple Refresher with popping boba to crafted sodas like the Sprite Berry Blast with berry flavors and cold foam. Who knew ice cold drinks could be so fire? 6 all-new drinks are here now at McDonald's. Refreshers contain caffeine. Welcome to episode 303 of the Death of Journalism podcast. My name is John Ziegler. I'm your host. On this week's show, President Trump claims to break big news on the 2020 election, but even most of the MAGA media doesn't really care. Conspiracy theories continue to dominate right-wing media content. The Bryson DeChambeau rules controversy overshadows the British Open. More WNBA woke insanity. Is permanent daylight saving time a good idea? And my review of the movie Odyssey, which just as I predicted has been a big success at the box office. We begin this week's episode of the podcast with a story that, at least in MAGA world, was huge at the end of last week but has already very tellingly largely, if not totally, been forgotten. That was when President Trump decided to give a prime-time address to the nation, although almost no major television networks carried the speech live, to discuss what he described as absolutely bombshell information proving that the 2020 presidential election had indeed, as he has been claiming for years, been stolen from him. Now, there's a lot of different aspects to this story. I'm not going to belabor it because frankly it's already old news, and I think the lack of reaction to it kind of proves my side of the argument. But just for the record, since this is the Death of Journalism podcast, there's a major media aspect to this, which is what I've already implied. The president of the United States gave a primetime address, and most of the television networks did not decide to carry it live. Now, almost every network had a different way of handling this situation. Fox News Channel carried it live. NewsNation carried it live. Others carried parts of it. Some treated it as a major news story but did not carry it live, basically previewing it and then commentating on it without actually showing it, which was odd. And I fully understand why this was a very difficult decision for the news organizations. I get if we lived in a normal world where the Trump fans are upset that, wait a minute, the president of the States is giving a primetime address. Shouldn't all the major news networks, including the over-the-air, quote unquote, networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, shouldn't they carry it live? Well, yes and no. I would ask those who are on the side of Donald Trump, and I know there are some who are subscribers to this podcast who are Trump fans, to think about it this way. Let's pretend that Gavin Newsom wins the presidency in 2028, which I think there's a pretty darn good chance he's going to, but we don't know for sure. Let's hope not. Our current fear factor rating is 7.0 there and slightly rising. Let's pretend Newsom wins. Doesn't even have to be Newsom, but he would be the most likely to do this. And he decides to, uh, give a primetime address claiming that he has absolutely breathtaking proof, evidence, what have you, that contrary to what has been debunked, the 2016 election, or maybe the 2024 election, but let's say 2016 since There's already been a lot of speculation about that, and I think that probably is the better analogy here, that in 2016 he has proof that, guess what, Russia really did collude with President Trump and was the reason why he won that distant election. And let's pretend, because it's Newsom, it's all a bunch of bullshit. There's no new evidence. All he's doing is rehashing old stuff. And let's pretend that MAGA world, uh, was reacting to that happening. Would they want all the major networks to be carrying that live, or would they be screaming bloody murder if that happened? Especially given the fact that there was no strong evidence provided, there's no bombshell new information, and that we have to trust before we just make this decision to air this speech that what Newsom is telling us is true. And based upon his history, there's no reason to do that. I think that's a pretty good analogy. I think that any reasonable person would say, wait a minute, there's no reason for the major networks to, to blow out prime time coverage to give credibility to a speech that clearly is not based in facts or truth and is clearly extremely partisan. And in this case, not just partisan, but when it comes to Trump with the 2020 election, basically a personal obsession. That's really what we have here, a personal obsession based in ego, where Trump acting like a king— this has always been my biggest concern about Trump 2.0, because there's not going to be anyone around him that's going to be willing to tell him no. There's no one that's going to be willing to stand up and die on this particular hill, or any hill, but this one in particular, because everyone around Trump knows this is the hill you do not stand on the 2020 election because he's lost his goddamn mind on this. His ego is such that he cannot accept the fact that he lost the 2020 election. So in my mind, it was a very rational decision for major networks to not carry this live. Now, from an economic perspective, I totally get why Fox News Channel decided to air it live because their audience is in on this, which is ironic, very ironic, considering the fact that Fox News Channel had to pay a boatload of money in a defamation lawsuit settlement because of claims that were debunked related to the 2020 election being fixed against Donald Trump. Now, I frankly never understood why Fox News Channel, uh, settled this case for as much money as they did, because I didn't think that they were nearly as guilty as some other MAGA media outlets did. I actually thought that they did it maybe as a strategy to try to force Newsmax into a very difficult situation, but I don't have any solid information on that. The point is, look, from an economics perspective, a rating standpoint, it makes sense for Fox News Channel to carry this, which they did. They gave it full credibility, lots of hype, Lots of preview, but then something really, really, really telling happened, which was literally 5 or 6 minutes after the speech was over. Sean Hannity, Trump's buddy, number one supporter on Fox News Channel for many, many years, immediately changed subjects and did so in a way that was clearly preplanned. They had guests lined up. They knew they wanted out of this as quickly and as seamlessly as possible. Give MAGA what it wants. Pretend to give the king his credibility. But we're going to move on from this immediately because we already know there's nothing to this. Now, I'm fully open to the idea that Hannity was basically told this is what you have to do. Because the parent company or the higher-ups are already very antsy about this subject given the settlement that I already discussed. I get that, but Hannity clearly went along with this. There were all sorts of ways that if Hannity didn't want to do that, he could have at least given the wink-wink nod-nod to the audience. That didn't happen. Even Sean Hannity knows that what Donald Trump did last week was mostly bullshit.. And it wasn't difficult to discern that this was mostly bullshit, if not totally bullshit. First of all, when I looked at this and I watched the whole damn thing, I wasted however long this was, uh, you know, uh, several, almost an hour of my life, uh, watching this thing. And it was so clearly absurd on the very basics of the speech. It didn't even get out of the batter's box. And tried to prove this case. Why? Well, number one, he kept talking about all these classified documents that he was being, that were being made public. He didn't show one of them, not one. Online, as I was starting to mock the speech, I kept having MAGA supporters say, John, are you gonna, are you going to read the documents for yourself? I said, yes, I will read all the documents that Donald Trump presented during his presentation. Which was zero. Zero. If he really had— can we use our brains for a second here, people? If he really had bombshell information that a presidential election had been rigged against him by a foreign nation, in this case China, not Russia, although ironically enough, when people actually looked at the documents that he released, shockingly, there was fragments that also indicated, guess what? Russia tried to help Trump in 2020. That's true. That's a fact. You can look it up for yourself. But, but if he really had this bombshell information, he would show the fucking document or documents that were in question. He did nothing of the sort. But what he did do instead was try to bring in Spencer Pratt and the Los Angeles mayoral election into this as somehow proof Although what he's talking about is true. And as someone who was way ahead of the curve on what really was going on with Spencer Pratt in the LA election, I know that's undeniably bullshit. Now, are our elections poorly run? Absolutely. Are they ridiculously poorly run in Los Angeles? 100%. Is there the opportunity? For fraudulent votes? Absolutely. Especially with universal mail-in balloting. I can't stand universal mail-in balloting. I'm one of the few people to rail against it on CNN Live, which I did about a month ago after the election in Los Angeles. And so I get it. I get that our elections are far from perfect and things ought to be done to fix them. COVID basically blew a hole in our election process. It totally changed the rules, which is why Joe Biden got 81 million votes. And this, I think, is maybe the most important part of this whole controversy, because I think we have everything backwards in this day and age. And this goes for the right as well as the left. And, and it's one of the reasons why journalism is dead, why we have the Death of Journalism podcast. And that is that it used to be— I thought when I was learning how to do journalism that you go where the facts take you and then you come to a conclusion. And by the way, you're open to changing that conclusion if you get more facts or new facts or old facts turned out to not be what you thought they were going to be. That's the way you did this. Now everything's in the opposite direction. Now we come to a conclusion first, and then we try to look for facts to back up our preferred conclusion. And that's what's happened with the 2020 election and MAGA world, and specifically Donald Trump. They can't wrap their minds around the fact that Joe Biden got 81 million popular votes. I get that. It's a crazy number for a guy no one really was all that enthused about. But Trump fans refuse to understand the basic reality of the 2020 election. It was not rigged, but it was a completely absurd election because of what COVID did to the narrative, the COVID panic did to the narrative, and what the COVID panic did to the rules. And when you have universal mail-in battling, you have this unprecedented panic, and you have an enormous amount of hatred towards Donald Trump because he was rightly or wrongly— I think mostly wrongly— getting enormous amounts of blame for the fact that the country had been essentially shut down, uh, for most of the year because of the COVID panic. You're gonna have people who are going to be super energized to vote against the incumbent president. And their only way of doing that was to vote for the alternative, which was Joe Biden, which is why Joe Biden got 81 million votes. Now, were all 81 million votes 100% legitimate? I'm sure they weren't, but it was darn near close to 81 million votes, and it did not impact the results of the Electoral College. And you know how I know that? Because we have the state of Georgia. If people were to ask me, okay, Zig, in one word, how do you know Trump's speech was mostly bullshit, if not totally? That one word would be Georgia, because we have a Republican state with a very good Republican governor, a very good Republican Secretary of State, Most of the infrastructure was Republican in 2020, and there was absolutely, positively no evidence that the election in Georgia in 2020 was stolen from Donald Trump. And if it had been, we would know about it because the state of Georgia would have been the first to be screaming bloody murder because they had the self-interest to do so. The people there had an enormous self-interest, especially once Trump was effectively asking them to find new votes, uh, and, and doing all sorts of completely inappropriate things. Although he technically— I, I don't think he broke the law in what he said, but it was totally inappropriate. They had a huge self-interest to try to find fraud, and they didn't. And as far as this issue of China, look, I have no problem believing that China— we already know China disrupted the 2020 election. This was maybe the part of Trump's speech that bugged me the most. It wasn't just that it was based in a fallacy with no real evidence, and he was not even providing the evidence because it's not really there."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Today in your city, someone is walking their dog. Someone is crossing the street to their car. Someone's kid is riding a bike home. And they're counting on you to drive the speed limit. Speeding accounts for nearly 30% of traffic fatalities. And most of those crashes don't happen on the interstate. They happen on the streets where people live. Slow down. It's an act of care for the people around you. So remember, speeding catches up with you. Know the road and respect its limits. Presented by NHTSA. Now back to your news podcast.

[00:33] **Speaker B:** All new drinks are now at McDonald's with refreshers like the Strawberry Watermelon Refresher and the Mango Pineapple Refresher with popping boba to crafted sodas like the Sprite Berry Blast with berry flavors and cold foam. Who knew ice cold drinks could be so fire? 6 all-new drinks are here now at McDonald's. Refreshers contain caffeine. Welcome to episode 303 of the Death of Journalism podcast. My name is John Ziegler. I'm your host. On this week's show, President Trump claims to break big news on the 2020 election, but even most of the MAGA media doesn't really care. Conspiracy theories continue to dominate right-wing media content. The Bryson DeChambeau rules controversy overshadows the British Open. More WNBA woke insanity. Is permanent daylight saving time a good idea? And my review of the movie Odyssey, which just as I predicted has been a big success at the box office. We begin this week's episode of the podcast with a story that, at least in MAGA world, was huge at the end of last week but has already very tellingly largely, if not totally, been forgotten. That was when President Trump decided to give a prime-time address to the nation, although almost no major television networks carried the speech live, to discuss what he described as absolutely bombshell information proving that the 2020 presidential election had indeed, as he has been claiming for years, been stolen from him. Now, there's a lot of different aspects to this story. I'm not going to belabor it because frankly it's already old news, and I think the lack of reaction to it kind of proves my side of the argument. But just for the record, since this is the Death of Journalism podcast, there's a major media aspect to this, which is what I've already implied. The president of the United States gave a primetime address, and most of the television networks did not decide to carry it live. Now, almost every network had a different way of handling this situation. Fox News Channel carried it live. NewsNation carried it live. Others carried parts of it. Some treated it as a major news story but did not carry it live, basically previewing it and then commentating on it without actually showing it, which was odd. And I fully understand why this was a very difficult decision for the news organizations. I get if we lived in a normal world where the Trump fans are upset that, wait a minute, the president of the States is giving a primetime address. Shouldn't all the major news networks, including the over-the-air, quote unquote, networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, shouldn't they carry it live? Well, yes and no. I would ask those who are on the side of Donald Trump, and I know there are some who are subscribers to this podcast who are Trump fans, to think about it this way. Let's pretend that Gavin Newsom wins the presidency in 2028, which I think there's a pretty darn good chance he's going to, but we don't know for sure. Let's hope not. Our current fear factor rating is 7.0 there and slightly rising. Let's pretend Newsom wins. Doesn't even have to be Newsom, but he would be the most likely to do this. And he decides to, uh, give a primetime address claiming that he has absolutely breathtaking proof, evidence, what have you, that contrary to what has been debunked, the 2016 election, or maybe the 2024 election, but let's say 2016 since There's already been a lot of speculation about that, and I think that probably is the better analogy here, that in 2016 he has proof that, guess what, Russia really did collude with President Trump and was the reason why he won that distant election. And let's pretend, because it's Newsom, it's all a bunch of bullshit. There's no new evidence. All he's doing is rehashing old stuff. And let's pretend that MAGA world, uh, was reacting to that happening. Would they want all the major networks to be carrying that live, or would they be screaming bloody murder if that happened? Especially given the fact that there was no strong evidence provided, there's no bombshell new information, and that we have to trust before we just make this decision to air this speech that what Newsom is telling us is true. And based upon his history, there's no reason to do that. I think that's a pretty good analogy. I think that any reasonable person would say, wait a minute, there's no reason for the major networks to, to blow out prime time coverage to give credibility to a speech that clearly is not based in facts or truth and is clearly extremely partisan. And in this case, not just partisan, but when it comes to Trump with the 2020 election, basically a personal obsession. That's really what we have here, a personal obsession based in ego, where Trump acting like a king— this has always been my biggest concern about Trump 2.0, because there's not going to be anyone around him that's going to be willing to tell him no. There's no one that's going to be willing to stand up and die on this particular hill, or any hill, but this one in particular, because everyone around Trump knows this is the hill you do not stand on the 2020 election because he's lost his goddamn mind on this. His ego is such that he cannot accept the fact that he lost the 2020 election. So in my mind, it was a very rational decision for major networks to not carry this live. Now, from an economic perspective, I totally get why Fox News Channel decided to air it live because their audience is in on this, which is ironic, very ironic, considering the fact that Fox News Channel had to pay a boatload of money in a defamation lawsuit settlement because of claims that were debunked related to the 2020 election being fixed against Donald Trump. Now, I frankly never understood why Fox News Channel, uh, settled this case for as much money as they did, because I didn't think that they were nearly as guilty as some other MAGA media outlets did. I actually thought that they did it maybe as a strategy to try to force Newsmax into a very difficult situation, but I don't have any solid information on that. The point is, look, from an economics perspective, a rating standpoint, it makes sense for Fox News Channel to carry this, which they did. They gave it full credibility, lots of hype, Lots of preview, but then something really, really, really telling happened, which was literally 5 or 6 minutes after the speech was over. Sean Hannity, Trump's buddy, number one supporter on Fox News Channel for many, many years, immediately changed subjects and did so in a way that was clearly preplanned. They had guests lined up. They knew they wanted out of this as quickly and as seamlessly as possible. Give MAGA what it wants. Pretend to give the king his credibility. But we're going to move on from this immediately because we already know there's nothing to this. Now, I'm fully open to the idea that Hannity was basically told this is what you have to do. Because the parent company or the higher-ups are already very antsy about this subject given the settlement that I already discussed. I get that, but Hannity clearly went along with this. There were all sorts of ways that if Hannity didn't want to do that, he could have at least given the wink-wink nod-nod to the audience. That didn't happen. Even Sean Hannity knows that what Donald Trump did last week was mostly bullshit.. And it wasn't difficult to discern that this was mostly bullshit, if not totally bullshit. First of all, when I looked at this and I watched the whole damn thing, I wasted however long this was, uh, you know, uh, several, almost an hour of my life, uh, watching this thing. And it was so clearly absurd on the very basics of the speech. It didn't even get out of the batter's box. And tried to prove this case. Why? Well, number one, he kept talking about all these classified documents that he was being, that were being made public. He didn't show one of them, not one. Online, as I was starting to mock the speech, I kept having MAGA supporters say, John, are you gonna, are you going to read the documents for yourself? I said, yes, I will read all the documents that Donald Trump presented during his presentation. Which was zero. Zero. If he really had— can we use our brains for a second here, people? If he really had bombshell information that a presidential election had been rigged against him by a foreign nation, in this case China, not Russia, although ironically enough, when people actually looked at the documents that he released, shockingly, there was fragments that also indicated, guess what? Russia tried to help Trump in 2020. That's true. That's a fact. You can look it up for yourself. But, but if he really had this bombshell information, he would show the fucking document or documents that were in question. He did nothing of the sort. But what he did do instead was try to bring in Spencer Pratt and the Los Angeles mayoral election into this as somehow proof Although what he's talking about is true. And as someone who was way ahead of the curve on what really was going on with Spencer Pratt in the LA election, I know that's undeniably bullshit. Now, are our elections poorly run? Absolutely. Are they ridiculously poorly run in Los Angeles? 100%. Is there the opportunity? For fraudulent votes? Absolutely. Especially with universal mail-in balloting. I can't stand universal mail-in balloting. I'm one of the few people to rail against it on CNN Live, which I did about a month ago after the election in Los Angeles. And so I get it. I get that our elections are far from perfect and things ought to be done to fix them. COVID basically blew a hole in our election process. It totally changed the rules, which is why Joe Biden got 81 million votes. And this, I think, is maybe the most important part of this whole controversy, because I think we have everything backwards in this day and age. And this goes for the right as well as the left. And, and it's one of the reasons why journalism is dead, why we have the Death of Journalism podcast. And that is that it used to be— I thought when I was learning how to do journalism that you go where the facts take you and then you come to a conclusion. And by the way, you're open to changing that conclusion if you get more facts or new facts or old facts turned out to not be what you thought they were going to be. That's the way you did this. Now everything's in the opposite direction. Now we come to a conclusion first, and then we try to look for facts to back up our preferred conclusion. And that's what's happened with the 2020 election and MAGA world, and specifically Donald Trump. They can't wrap their minds around the fact that Joe Biden got 81 million popular votes. I get that. It's a crazy number for a guy no one really was all that enthused about. But Trump fans refuse to understand the basic reality of the 2020 election. It was not rigged, but it was a completely absurd election because of what COVID did to the narrative, the COVID panic did to the narrative, and what the COVID panic did to the rules. And when you have universal mail-in battling, you have this unprecedented panic, and you have an enormous amount of hatred towards Donald Trump because he was rightly or wrongly— I think mostly wrongly— getting enormous amounts of blame for the fact that the country had been essentially shut down, uh, for most of the year because of the COVID panic. You're gonna have people who are going to be super energized to vote against the incumbent president. And their only way of doing that was to vote for the alternative, which was Joe Biden, which is why Joe Biden got 81 million votes. Now, were all 81 million votes 100% legitimate? I'm sure they weren't, but it was darn near close to 81 million votes, and it did not impact the results of the Electoral College. And you know how I know that? Because we have the state of Georgia. If people were to ask me, okay, Zig, in one word, how do you know Trump's speech was mostly bullshit, if not totally? That one word would be Georgia, because we have a Republican state with a very good Republican governor, a very good Republican Secretary of State, Most of the infrastructure was Republican in 2020, and there was absolutely, positively no evidence that the election in Georgia in 2020 was stolen from Donald Trump. And if it had been, we would know about it because the state of Georgia would have been the first to be screaming bloody murder because they had the self-interest to do so. The people there had an enormous self-interest, especially once Trump was effectively asking them to find new votes, uh, and, and doing all sorts of completely inappropriate things. Although he technically— I, I don't think he broke the law in what he said, but it was totally inappropriate. They had a huge self-interest to try to find fraud, and they didn't. And as far as this issue of China, look, I have no problem believing that China— we already know China disrupted the 2020 election. This was maybe the part of Trump's speech that bugged me the most. It wasn't just that it was based in a fallacy with no real evidence, and he was not even providing the evidence because it's not really there.

[16:08] **Speaker A:** Today in your city, someone is walking their dog, someone is crossing the street to their car, someone's kid is riding a bike home, and they're counting on you to drive the speed limit. Speeding accounts for nearly 30% of traffic fatalities, and most of those crashes don't happen on the interstate. They happen on the streets where people live. Slow down. It's an act of care for the people around you. So remember, speeding catches up with you. Know the road and respect its limits. Presented by NHTSA. Now back to your news podcast. Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest here.

[16:42] **Speaker B:** Want to bring a little Hollywood excitement to your day?

[16:44] **Speaker A:** Take a few spins with Chumba Casino's brand new game, Ryan Seacrest's 10K Ways.

[16:49] **Speaker B:** It's free and features 10,000 ways to play, giving you nonstop action, including thrilling bonus respins and cascading reels.

[16:57] **Speaker A:** Every spin brings something new, so step into the spotlight, enjoy the excitement, and play today at ChumbaCasino.com.

[17:05] **Speaker B:** No purchase necessary. VGW Group. Void where prohibited by law. CT&C is 21+. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. But the part that where he's actually right, he didn't forget about emphasize. I don't think he even mentioned— how do you talk about the 2020 election and China and not reference what the impact of COVID was and the COVID panic. Now, did China do that on purpose to influence the 2020 presidential election? I don't think so. I don't think there's any evidence that— I don't think they're that smart or that effective. But essentially, that's what happened. If you want to say that the 2020 election was dramatically impacted by a foreign nation, either on purpose or not. Yes, it was China, and it was China through the COVID panic, because without the COVID panic, Donald Trump does get reelected almost assuredly. I'm 100% on board with that. I, I mean, my record on this is as clear as could possibly be. I have ripped the COVID panic reaction in all sorts of ways, and with Without a doubt, it was the COVID panic reaction that caused Trump to lose. But is that rigging an election against a particular candidate, in this case an incumbent president? By the way, just the idea of rigging a presidential election, a foreign nation rigging a presidential election against an incumbent president, seems awfully far-fetched to begin with, especially in Republican states like Georgia. But that's the claim with no real evidence. Evidence that is a lot like the Epstein files, frankly, because I did eventually look at some of these documents and there's no there there. A lot of it is suspect. A lot of it has bad sourcing. A lot of it was debunked. A lot of it is fragments of information. And that's really why I related to the Epstein files. I, as I predicted correctly when the Epstein files were being talked about, I said there's going to be fragments of crappy information that comes out here. You can come up with almost any conclusion you want because some crackpot is going to put something in there that is going to be used to try to substantiate the conclusion that you've already come to. This is the danger of concluding something first. And then seeking evidence to back up that conclusion. But this is the way we do it in all sorts of walks of life now. This is the way journalism works, and this is absolutely the way Trump and MAGA world works when it comes to the 2020 presidential election. Because of Biden's 81 million votes and because Trump won in 2024, they can't wrap their minds around the idea that Trump lost in 2020. So they have their conclusion. Now they need evidence. Trump was able to find, or someone was able to find for him, fragments of information within all these, this massive trove of documents that's in their minds backs up their argument. By the way, even Trump isn't, isn't claiming a smoking gun that this is where China actually impacted the results of the election. In fact, the closest he comes is a a situation in Venezuela, not even the United States of America. So this was a big fat nothing burger, and I believe those that decided not to carry it live were vindicated. That was the proper decision because Trump didn't have the goods. This was a speech based almost entirely in trying to placate his own massive ego and I get that there's the Save America Act, and frankly, that was the other political element of this, that Trump is desperately trying to revive the Save America Act. If there was a political motive and not just an ego motive here, he's trying to save the— save the Save America Act, which in general I'm in favor of, but has no chance of passing. And it has no chance of passing for a number of reasons, but one of them is Donald Trump's own political incompetence, because effectively Trump has lost 3, at least 3 key Republican votes in the US Senate because of his own ego. Because those 3 GOP senators from North Carolina and Louisiana and Texas whose careers Trump effectively ended because they weren't loyal enough to him in his mind. They're still in power. They're still in office. And Trump no longer has these 3 GOP senators under his thumb. So that has destroyed the already incredibly small margins that Republicans had to try to pull off some sort of miracle to pass this thing. By the way, It's my understanding, which I agree with, that even if somehow this thing passed, there's no way to implement it before the midterms. It's too late. But Trump never is forced to be accountable for his own actions. You want to take out incumbent Republican senators when you have a small majority to begin with? Okay, fine. But somebody should have told Trump, and no one was willing to tell the king, hey, you know, Mr. President, I understand why you want to do this, but you do understand that they're going to be in office for another 6, 7, whatever it is, months, and we need their votes. And now all of a sudden we're going to have no leverage on them. I doubt anyone ever said that to him, or if they did, Trump wasn't smart enough or broadly thinking enough to understand the impact of that. So this is at least in part, not in totality, but at least in part, this is on Trump why he can't get the Save America Act passed in the US Senate. Because he doesn't understand politics, or he doesn't have the discipline to be able to institute whatever political advantage he has So to me, the whole thing was really telling. It was really telling about Trump, about MAGA, about Trump acting like a king, about how we come to our conclusions first now and then we try to look for evidence to back that up. And therefore, that's dangerous in so many ways, but one of the ways it's most dangerous is that it creates a situation where you become invested in a conclusion, so therefore your standards for evidence gets dropped dramatically. If you come to a conclusion first and then you're looking for evidence to back that up, like with the 2020 election, then you're gonna fall for a bunch of crap. And that's essentially what has happened here. So again, our elections need to be improved 100%, especially here in California. And I cannot stand universal mail-in balloting. But China did not steal the 2020 election from Trump other than by what happened because of the virus being released from probably the lab in Wuhan and the impact that that ended up having on the entire world. And obviously the US economy and the political panic and Black Lives Matter, everything else that transpired in that absolutely crazy, insane year of 2020. Now, I mentioned that a lot of this is a lot like what happened with the Epstein files, and that leads me to some news involving what's been going on with Epstein, which is always so frustrating. Because I believe the truth of that story has been long ago lost. I've been very much on the record as to what I believe did and did not happen there. I believe with 99-point-something percent certainty that I have been vindicated by what has come out so far, at least apparently what we know of the Epstein files, and there's no evidence or logic to indicate there's anything else that will be coming out or should be coming out that would change the reality of that situation. That much like what happened with the 2020 election, people bought into a conclusion. I mean, the Epstein story is a perfect example of this phenomenon. And this is why I always go back to Epstein's suicide, because that's where the story really begins. I, I've said it a million times, so I'm not going to repeat it. Epstein killed himself, but the perception that he might have been murdered in a federal prison is what caused everyone to go down a path of bizarre, nonsensical, unsubstantiated conspiracy theories. If you understood that he killed himself from the beginning, then I believe most of these conspiracies immediately evaporate, including The idea that he somehow had blackmail information on the sitting president of the United States when he killed himself in a federal prison, which makes no goddamn sense, would never have happened. And so it has been exceedingly frustrating to see sometimes even smart people still buy into this conclusion. They come to a conclusion that something really crazy must have happened with Epstein, and then they find the bits of information that seemingly substantiate that, but they don't actually revisit their conclusions when they don't find the evidence that you should be finding. There's maybe, maybe no story other than the Sandowski story where the absence of evidence where it should be plentiful is in fact evidence of absence than the Epstein saga. And we had another fascinating situation occur when Todd Blanch, the acting attorney general, was testifying in front of the U.S. Senate committee, and he was being questioned by Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana, who's a very smart guy, but who has seemingly bought into most, if not all, of this BS Epstein massive sex trafficking conspiracy theory. And although I, I do— I would like to give Kennedy some credit because in his questions there's the implication that that conspiracy is real, but he seems to at least be somewhat open-minded because he's wanting someone to answer his questions. And at least I'm— maybe I'm giving him too much credit, but in this particular situation he wants to understand something that's very rational. If you believe what the, the majority believes regarding the Epstein story, why the hell hasn't anyone else been charged? So we have all this alleged information, this treasure trove of Epstein files, all these allegations. Why is it that no one else has been charged other than, you know, obviously Ghislaine Maxwell, who I don't believe got a fair trial? And I don't know whether she's guilty or not. I'm open to either side of this. It's currently possible— it's certainly possible that she enabled his crimes. Maybe she committed crimes herself. But I'm very confident she did not receive a fair trial, and there is a logical scenario where she's mostly, if not totally, innocent. I'm not saying she is. I'm just saying that's possible, and we're never going to know because her trial was a complete sham for a whole bunch of reasons, including the fact that it occurred during the COVID panic. Well, here is what happened when Senator Kennedy asked Todd Blanch, who I have actually been complimentary of, because Todd Blanch, I am positive, has my view of this story, but he's not allowed to say that publicly because he'll get skewered, especially since, you know, he's still up for confirmation to be the next official Attorney General of the United States. So he has to, to be very careful. He can't step on any landmines. And I think Todd Blanchwell, this answer isn't as good as an answer he gave several months ago that we played on this podcast to a reporter, because back then he had— he was the Assistant Attorney General. Pam Bondi was still the Attorney General. So he may not have thought that this was going to be a situation where he was vulnerable. To, you know, public concern, and he didn't have to worry about creating a backlash. So he was much stronger in his, what evidence are you talking about, take, because it was so obvious. This is which is why we played the clip on the podcast. It was so obvious to me that Blanchard looked at this and go, this is all, this is all just garbage. As I have said many times, the Epstein Files is garbage. It's just utter junk that was, that was thrown out there sometimes by literally crazy people because this thing became such a huge story after Epstein killed himself and Donald Trump was running for reelection. So you have Trump connected to Epstein, a highly unpopular president is running for reelection. There's all these conspiracy theories. So people, especially those that don't like Trump, are going to come forward with a, with a whole bunch of cockamamie stories that aren't based in reality. So here is a slightly different Todd Blanch with much more to lose responding to Senator Kennedy on this issue. But Blanch still is leaving it out there that if you use your brain which no one is seemingly willing or able to do, that there's no evidence. He's open to the idea that there could be evidence, but if you use your brain, that evidence would already be out there, especially after this unprecedented release of all these files. And here's what that exchange sounded like. Other than to himself, who, if anyone else, did Mr. Epstein traffic young women to?

[31:56] **Speaker C:** There's, there's, from what we learned, from what we know, so when we know, I mean, what's in the FBI files and what's in the DOJ files, um, we did not identify evidence. And by we, I mean career prosecutors, not, not me, not my leadership, but career prosecutors in New York and career prosecutors in Florida who worked this case hard. Did identify other participants, some of whom, as has been discussed, were also victims themselves of Mr. Epstein. But we did not have evidence, um, as of now, of other men who were, um, that were trafficked, um, that Epstein helped traffic. That does not mean it didn't happen. I want to be clear about that. It just means that we have evidence that the FBI gathered and that the Department of Justice gathered And that's the body of work that we have to work with, which is why I said earlier, if there's anybody out there, victim or otherwise, that has information, I beg them to come forward.

[33:01] **Speaker B:** So that wasn't Blanche at his best, but I totally get it because of the situation that he's in. If you have a brain, you understand the story, and you think this through, he's still saying the same thing.

[33:14] **Speaker A:** Today in your city, someone is walking their dog. Someone is crossing the street to their car. Someone's kid is riding a bike home. And they're counting on you to drive the speed limit. Speeding accounts for nearly 30% of traffic fatalities. And most of those crashes don't happen on the interstate. They happen on the streets where people live. Slow down. It's an act of care for the people around you. So remember: speeding catches up with you. Know the road and respect its limits. Presented by NHTSA. Now back to your news podcast.

[33:46] **Speaker B:** Drew McIntyre here from WWE. Wielding the Claymore can be a life of chaos. When I'm not dominating in the ring, Chumba Casino is how this warrior takes a wee break. With hundreds of online social games and new weekly releases, there's always something fresh to try. And those daily boosts? Next level. Even my free time feels like Valhalla. So when life feels like a battle, kick up your feet, have some fun, and Less Chumba. No purchase necessary. VGW Group. Void where prohibited by law.

[34:13] **Speaker C:** CTs and Cs.

[34:14] **Speaker B:** 21+. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. Which is, there's no evidence of this, which is why no one has been charged. And what he doesn't say is, if there was going to be evidence, if this reality existed, we would have overwhelming evidence of that by now. Instead, there's nothing, which is why correctly Nobody has been charged because there was no massive sex trafficking conspiracy, which is partially why Epstein killed himself in federal prison. So this is why you have to follow the facts before you come to your conclusion instead of getting invested in the conclusion and then trying to find semblance of shreds of information that might back up the theory that you're already invested in. And unfortunately, some very smart people have fallen prey to this. And there was more evidence of that when J.D. Vance, Vice President of the United States, went on Joe Rogan's podcast. Now, Joe Rogan, I don't consider to be a very smart person, but he does have a good gut instinct. Boy, I would love, I would love, if there was one major podcaster I would love to have a shot at, when it comes to explaining the whole Penn State Paterno-Sandusky case, it would absolutely be Joe Rogan, mostly because of the size of his audience. But I really believe that if I could pierce through, uh, his, his defenses, uh, that he would buy in totally to what actually transpired in that situation. But Joe Rogan, uh, unfortunately buys into a lot of conspiracies, most of which are not based in reality. And it seems to me, by the way, I think I could probably do the same thing with him on Epstein. I'm not sure, but I'd like to get a crack at that too. But he is absolutely bought in on Epstein. And JD Vance was a guest, uh, on the Joe Rogan podcast. And unfortunately, um, JD Vance, who I have a lot of respect for when it comes to his intelligence, and I want the best for, And, you know, my good friend Steve Cortez was a very close advisor of his in his US Senate run in Ohio and spent a lot of time with him and speaks very, very highly of JD Vance. And that carries a lot of weight with me. But I am starting to really have a tough time with getting on the JD Vance train because to me, his response on this issue was not based in reality. And I get that J.D. Vance likes to give his audience what he thinks they want. I mean, his memoir was called Hillbilly Elegy, but I'm starting to think of J.D. Vance's hillbilly ChatGPT, where he does two things that are a lot like ChatGPT. He gives the audience what they want to hear. Gives them the answer that he thinks they want, and he always feels like he has to be authoritative because he's the Vice President of the United States, even on things where he may not have a whole lot of information. And I'm, I'm actually trying to give JD Vance an out here. I, I'm, I'm trying to believe that he hasn't really done a deep super dive into the Epstein case. Maybe he has, which in which case this excuse doesn't doesn't really hold water. But I would like to believe that he's just trying to be more authoritative than he really has any right to be, because that's what he does. He— oh, he has to have an authoritative answer, just like ChatGPT. And so here is Joe Rogan and JD Vance, the Vice President of the United States, essentially coming to the conclusion with no evidence or nor logic that part of why we don't have The evidence that we should have, I guess that's the implication against Epstein and others, is that Epstein was clearly foreign intelligence or maybe domestic intelligence. But, you know, Rogan says Mossad, and Vance seems to think that that's a plausible scenario. It's all absolutely crazy. But here is Joe Rogan and JD Vance discussing this topic. Well, most people think he was Mossad. Yeah, Mossad or CIA or some other deep state, whether in America or Israel or another country, or both. Um, you know, look, was he— he clearly had connections to the upper, the highest levels of American intelligence. He clearly had connections to the highest levels of Israeli intel. Now, it's probably not that big of a deal in the larger scheme of things, but to me That was very problematic when it comes to evaluating JD Vance because that's just not a sensible conclusion. There's no evidence nor logic to back that up, and it's a serious allegation, and it's pandering to the worst of MAGA world and conspiracy world, which are basically the same thing in this day and age. And to me, this is something we need to get away from ASAP. And instead, Vance seems to be more than willing to placate that element of the audience that wants that. Again, I'm trying to give Vance as much credit as I can that he's actually pandering, that he doesn't really believe this, 'cause he's a very smart guy and he does seem to change his positions pretty dramatically. My gosh, he changed his position on Donald Trump about as dramatically as anybody that could possibly do so. So he does have this penchant for doing that, um, but I still don't like it, and I, I think that it's a problem. And, um, and it might be a problem that's too big for me to overcome. And I'm not alone when it came to my reaction to his appearance on Joe Rogan in general. Ben Shapiro, for whom I have respect as a conservative commentator, He posted on X, I tuned into Joe Rogan yesterday and heard Bernie Sanders economics, Barack Obama's foreign policy, and Ro Khanna's conspiracy theories. I think that's a reference to the Epstein situation. And then I realized J.D. Vance was talking. I want a candidate in 2028 who doesn't mirror the Democrats and who can win. Mr. VP, this is not the way. I think that's pretty well said, and that's pretty much where I am on this. Uh, but there's obviously a long way to go. And of course, as I've said many, many times, the 2028 candidate is going to be picked either directly or indirectly by Donald Trump, unless Trump dies. I mean, that's just the reality of it. So I'm not going to get too hyped up over, okay, are we on Team Vance or Team Rubio or Team somebody else? Obviously, I'd love for it to be DeSantis, but it's not going to be DeSantis. I mean, it's either Vance or Rubio. Trump's going to pick one of those two and nothing else matters because that's the world we live in, because Trump has been made a king within the Republican Party. And that's not an exaggeration. We see evidence of that almost every single day, clearly every single week. And part of that problem, the problem, the part of the problem that that creates is this increasingly pervasive conspiracy theory thread that weaves itself through almost all of right-wing or MAGA media. Now it's just gotten completely ridiculous. And there was a moment I thought about playing the clip, and I'm not gonna bother, I'm just gonna describe it because it just sickens me so much. But Tucker Carlson who I used to have a lot of respect for, but I believe I have called way out in front of anyone else the reality that he's lost his mind, that he's no longer a credible person. I don't know when exactly it happened. I don't know why it happened, but I know that for the last several years, even before he left Fox News Channel, but definitely after he left Fox News Channel, Tucker Carlson is not a credible person. He has lost his goddamn mind. And there was even more evidence of that when this week he had on Roger Waters from Pink Floyd, the music band Pink Floyd, Roger Waters, as somehow an expert on what happened, among other things, what happened on 9/11, that According to Waters, there's no chance. That's what he said. No chance that the conventional wisdom story of 9/11 is true. He went down the whole Building 7 rabbit hole, which Tucker has questioned before. And the whole Building 7 thing is among all the crazy conspiracy theories, maybe the dumbest. And I'm not going to get too deeply into it, but just to address it, because sometimes people say, Zig, you're too prone to quickly dismissing conspiracy theories, even though I'm 100% right. I'm never wrong when I dismiss these conspiracy theories. But why don't you give your evidence or at least your counterargument? And for those that believe that Building 7, which collapsed in the aftermath of the World Trade Center attacks, that somehow this was evidence that the whole thing was an inside job, you're a fucking moron. Because what happened with Building 7 was— I don't know if you heard, but there was not one but two earthquakes that happened across the street, and there was a massive amount of rubble and debris that fell on top of Building 7, and it caused a fire. And that— I don't know if you heard, but there were a lot of very busy firemen that day. Like really busy. A lot of them died, and their focus was elsewhere. And so there was no ability to fight the fire. And then the building, which apparently had structural problems to begin with, collapsed in and of itself because of the fire. This isn't difficult. By the way, you have no alternative scenario to explain. So all this was an inside job to try to take out Building 7. What? It's just so fucking insane with no logic or no evidence. And Tucker bought in 100%, even brought in Donald Trump and using an out-of-context statement from the morning of 9/11 from Donald Trump, tried to give him credit for seeing through the conventional wisdom story immediately. And somehow he understood that what we were being told couldn't be true. It's all complete and total nonsense, garbage. And I mean, here we are in the 25th, coming up on the 25th anniversary of 9/11. And if you had told me in the aftermath of 9/11, almost 25 years ago, when we were united as a nation and we knew what had happened and there were no conspiracy theories about it yet, uh, you told me, you know what, Zig, in, uh, just less than 25 years, Tucker Carlson, you know that guy, he seemed seemingly a very credible conservative commentator, he's gonna have a guy from Pink Floyd on his independent talk show that's incredibly popular among nut jobs, and he's going to use a clip from the then-president Donald Trump, who's serving his second non-conservative consecutive term as president, to claim that 9/11 was all an inside job. If you had told me that scenario, I would have been more likely to believe in 2020— in 2001, just after 9/11, I would have been more likely to believe almost 25 years ago that by 2026, the daughter of the guy who read O.J. Simpson's suicide note to the nation would use the infamy of her name via a sex tape to become one of the most well-known, quote unquote, entertainers of our time. I would have been more likely to believe that scenario. Of course, that both of the scenarios happen. I just described what occurred with Tucker Carlson and Roger Waters, but I'm referring to Kim Kardashian. I mean, this is what a fucked up world we're living in. But Tucker Carlson has become the new Art Bell. It's amazing. As someone who, you know, grew up in radio and had a pretty significant radio career for a while and did a lot of late night radio talk shows on stations that had Art Bell on them. Art Bell's show was very popular. It was absolutely crazy insane. But now I understand, you know, we used to think of Art Bell as like a joke. In fact, I'm not even 100% sure Art Bell truly believed some of the stuff he was saying. I got to know George Noory, the guy who took over for Art Bell, pretty well. And George was a nice guy, but I don't think he really believed a lot of what he was claiming. In fact, I even went on the George Noory Show and tried to be serious, which was really strange. I think we were talking about the JFK assassination. But the point is, we should have known then. I should have known then that this wasn't just a tiny slice of the population, that there is a real deep, dark thirst for conspiracy theories.

[48:22] **Speaker A:** Today in your city, someone is walking their dog. Someone is crossing the street to their car. Someone's kid is riding a bike home. And they're counting on you to drive the speed limit. Speeding accounts for nearly 30% of traffic fatalities. And most of those crashes don't happen on the interstate. They happen on the streets where people live. Slow down. It's an act of care for the people around you. So remember: speeding catches up with you. Know the road and respect its limits. Presented by NHTSA. Now back to your news podcast.

[48:56] **Speaker B:** Bubba Wallace here from 23XI Racing. On the track, my car's look is everything. But today, I'm talking about more than just paint schemes. I'm talking about my favorite games at Chumba Casino. Check out exclusives like Stampede Fury and my own King Croc Fury. It's just as wild as my car looked in Texas. With over 200 games games and new ones weekly. Play for free at chumbacasino.com.

[49:18] **Speaker C:** Let's chumba!

[49:19] **Speaker B:** Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group. Void where prohibited by law. 21+. Terms and conditions apply. And nonsensical narratives about the way the world really works. And unfortunately, now it's become what's considered essentially mainstream. You know, yes, Tucker Carlson is independent, but his numbers, Candace Owens' numbers, Megyn Kelly's numbers, They're very, very large. It is a huge portion, certainly, of the right wing formerly known as MAGA base. Although I don't even know what the hell Tucker Carlson is politically anymore. He says he wants to create a third party. He doesn't consider himself to be MAGA. He's attacking Ben Shapiro all the time. He seems to be anti-Israel, pro-Russia. He's lost his mind. He's not credible, and he's effectively Art Bell. Now, weirdly, these— this conspiracy penchant within MAGA, I think, played a small but not completely irrelevant role in a major sports controversy over this past week. And what I'm referring to is what happened at the British Open golf tournament, which was run— won by Ryan Fox. From New Zealand. He deserved the win, fantastic finish. I wasn't real thrilled with the way the course played because there was no real rough, uh, but you know, he earned the victory and he deserved it. And it was close, it was dramatic, and so I'm okay with that. But his victory was largely— not totally, but largely— overshadowed by something that happened at the end of round number 2 on Friday of the British Open. And that involved Bryson DeChambeau. Now, before I tell you the story, for context, it's important for you to understand my view of Bryson DeChambeau. When Bryson DeChambeau first came onto the scene, I liked him because he was different. He was an iconoclast. He was a contrarian. He was an outside-the-box thinker. I wasn't a real big fan of his swing or the fact that he— all of his irons were the same length, but I respected the fact that he was willing to think outside the box. And I, I actually, um, I believe made some pretty, um, you know, bold and optimistic predictions about how his career would turn out when he first turned pro. I, I thought that he would be a major force on the professional— then PGA Tour, uh, golf scene. Of course, one of the things that changed my mind about Bryson DeChambeau is that he sold out to LIV Golf. That's not the only reason why my view of Bryson DeChambeau changed, but it's one of the major ones. He sold out for lots of money in a kamikaze attack by the Saudi royal family against the PGA Tour. I mean, speaking of 9/11, I mean, the idea that last year at the Ryder Cup, Bryson DeChambeau, you know, just a few miles from Ground Zero in New York at Bethpage Black, came out to great cheers waving the American flag when he's an employee of the Saudi royal family. I mean, that goes right in that list of things I could never possibly believe. So someone who's an employee of the Saudi royal family, the country where 15 of the 19 hijackers came from, and there's a lot of evidence that they at least knew that this was going to happen, or should have known this was going to happen at the— at best. And he's the guy the New York crowd is cheering, waving the American flag. I have a huge problem with what Bryson did there, but it's not the only reason why I turned on Bryson DeChambeau. He does gambling commercials. I believe he's a phony baloney. I think he purposely and very effectively, very successfully changed his image by basically being, uh, someone who's creating an act. He's an actor. He's good at it, but it's not sincere. He, he's Phil Mickelson. I was right about Phil Mickelson. I've said for years, Phil Mickelson is not sincere. It's not authentic. Now, does that change the reality of when you're signing all these autographs, when you know you're on camera, that the kid getting the autograph is happy? Yeah, that's great. So there's some good in being a phony baloney that happens by accident. But that doesn't mean that I'm going to trust you because I know it's an act. And I'm pretty darn good at being able to tell who's authentic and who's acting. And Bryson DeChambeau was clearly acting in his change of his persona. So he goes to live and, um, and he thinks he's the smartest person in the world. And I think he's phony in the persona that he's creating. And this year, up until the British Open, he's had a very poor year in the major championships. He's missed the cut all 3 times. But on Friday at the British Open, he played exceedingly well, one of the best rounds of the tournament. And he, he, you know, makes a long putt on 18 and he's right there. Right behind the leaders, and it looks like he's going to be a major, major part of the weekend story. Now, I'm not particularly thrilled by this because I don't like Bryson, but I'm also well aware that Bryson being in the mix makes it more interesting. He's absolutely an interesting person. I watch when he plays. You know, sports does well when it has a villain, and in my view, Bryson DeChambeau fills that role of being a villain. I was gonna be rooting hard against him, but he made things more interesting. And it became very clear not long after Bryson DeChambeau finished that something was wrong. And it's not really that important, but I, I, I, I first recognized that something was wrong because I wanted to share the putt that he made. On 18 on social media, but the British Open, uh, X account hadn't posted it, which I thought was really odd. And then they started to, to show pictures of Bryson acting animated outside the scoring tent. And long story short, the, uh, officials gave him the option to go back out to the 5th hole where he had had a wayward tee shot land in some very, very, very high grass and tell him or explain to him why they thought that he deserved a 2-shot penalty. Now, in my opinion, this is where Bryson DeChambeau, the showman, comes into play in this story. And I think that the British Open officials were very, very naive. These are older guys. They're, you know, this is the British Open. I don't think they're fully aware of what they're dealing with when it comes to Bryson DeChambeau. But Bryson was given what I believe to be an extraordinary option to, to tell his side of the story, because there was a question about whether or not when he went to go hit his shot out of the high grass, whether he had stepped on grass around his ball in a way that improved his lie, which would be in violation of the rules of golf. Now, I watched the shot live, and I have to say, I didn't— I did not register in my brain, at least not consciously, that there was a rules violation. Of course, I didn't see all of the video that would come out later, but I did have a very strong feeling that something wasn't right. Because he had hit his shot so far offline. I don't think people understand how bad a shot this was into literally the highest grass on the entire golf course. And somehow there was a little path that was wide open right behind his ball. And I remember thinking, that just— what? How did that happen? Now, part of me, because I understand my own biases, is thinking, well, Zig, you, you're just rooting against him and, you know, you're just pissed off that he got a really, really, really lucky break. But I did remember the situation. And so in the midst of this controversy on live television, and I'm sure Bryson understood exactly what was going to happen because he's a showman and he gets this very, very well. And he's got a bazillion YouTube followers. He's extremely media savvy. He either directs or takes up the British Open officials on their offer to take him back out to the 5th hole so he can plead his case that he doesn't really deserve this penalty. And he gets extremely animated, extremely, like Earl Weaver, Baltimore Orioles manager, agitated, you know, screaming at an umpire. For forgetting what he thinks is a bad call. 'Cause it's so, it's obvious that he's going to be penalized for having improved his lie. And in the midst of going bananas, he very clearly, and it just so happens to be in a situation where the camera is directly on him and it's clear as day to anybody who can read lips what he's saying, he actually says to the officials, I'm not gonna play tomorrow. In other words, he's threatening to withdraw should he get this 2-shot penalty, which is unbelievable. I mean, to me, it's, it's one of the most unbelievable parts of this story that Bryson got away with this from a public relations perspective, because that is childlike. That's petulant. Uh, he didn't end up withdrawing from the tournament even though he got the 2-shot penalty. And, um, and to me it was a temper tantrum. But as far as the penalty itself is concerned, I was in agreement that he deserved the two-shot penalty. Now I fully acknowledge I have a bias against Bryson DeChambeau, but it was very clear when looking at the video from all sorts of different angles and new video that I did not see when it first happened, that whether on purpose or whether by accident or carelessness, Bryson absolutely had stepped all over that very high grass. And that whether it helped or didn't is to me uncertain, but it doesn't matter whether or not it helped give him a backswing. It's against the rules. And part of one of the many things people aren't getting that aren't golf aficionados on this story is that part of the penalty for hitting into super high grass there is that you have to be very careful with how you get into the shot, because if you improve your lie, you're going to get a 2-shot penalty. That's part of the penalty for getting away with having hit a terrible tee shot into the high grass. And Bryson didn't seem to understand or care about that. Now, there's two ways to look at this from, from the intention perspective. And I get where people want to believe the best. I get where, you know, you want to give people the, the reasonable doubt and you don't want to conclude something that's really horrible, that you're a cheater at golf without really strong evidence. Now, I think my record on this is about as strong as anybody, because if you're a longtime listener to this podcast, you know, I've been involved in two USGA rules violation situations where I'm the person that ended up creating a circumstance where the person I was playing with got disqualified because they clearly broke the rules of golf. And I was correct in both incidents. And I'm not sure that most people would have even gotten involved. But I did, because this is really, really important to me. Truth is important to me. Right and wrong is important to me. The rules of golf really matter, because if they don't matter in golf, they don't matter anywhere. This is why I talk about golf, because if it's happening in golf, I think golf is the canary in the coal mine for a lot of our social ills, because this is an area that used to be immune to this stuff. And no longer is. This is partially why I talk about golf. It's not just because I'm a golfer and I have expertise in this area. I think you can tell a lot about what's happening to society by seeing what's happening to golf. And this Bryson DeChambeau situation is a great example of that, where Bryson, in my opinion, there's really only two scenarios here. Either he was unbelievably stupid and careless and doesn't know the rules, which is possible because, you know, it's interesting that these Live guys keep getting involved in a lot of rules violations. And this is kind of where I get into the conspiracy part of this whole narrative. And absolutely MAGA plays a role because Trump was associated with Live. And I believe Live was in part a way for the Saudis to funnel money to Donald Trump. But, you know, there's no question that the Live guys tend to get involved in these rules issues. And the conspiracy people say, oh, this is a vendetta against the Live guys. And I say, are you sure? Isn't it possible that the Live guys are just more prone to this? One, because on the Live tour they're a lot more lax about the rules, And maybe more importantly, inherently, if you sold out to live, you don't really have many morals. You don't have a real strong principled foundation, 'cause if you did, you wouldn't have sold out to live. I mean, that makes a lot of sense to me. I mean, we're dealing with a pool of people that don't have real strong morals. If you sold out to live, gee, what a shock that you might also be prone to, to creating rules violations in the, in the world of golf. But Bryson, in this situation, I think it should be— if we were using our brains, which we don't— should be in a very difficult spot because the only path to his innocence is ignorance and stupidity. But Bryson's entire narrative is, I'm the smartest guy in the room. A lot like Phil Mickelson, by the way, who also went to Live. Not a coincidence. I'm the smartest guy in the room. I'm the guy that figured out that if you make all your irons the same length in the shaft, that somehow that gives you an advantage. I, I've reimagined the game and I'm gonna win golf tournaments because I'm smarter than everybody else. Okay, fine.

[65:11] **Speaker A:** Today in your city, someone is walking their dog. Someone is crossing the street to their car. Someone's kid is riding a bike home. And they're counting on you to drive the speed limit. Speeding accounts for nearly 30% of traffic fatalities. And most of those crashes don't happen on the interstate. They happen on the streets where people live. Slow down. It's an act of care for the people around you. So remember: speeding catches up with you. Know the road and respect its limits. Presented by NHTSA. Now back to your news podcast.

[65:43] **Speaker B:** Hey guys, it's Ryan. I want to tell you about my new pastime, Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has been around for over a decade delivering the most fun you can have online.

[65:50] **Speaker A:** Play social casino-style games for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up at chumbacasino.com. No purchase necessary.

[65:56] **Speaker B:** PGW report prohibited by law. See terms and conditions.

[65:58] **Speaker D:** 21+.

[65:59] **Speaker B:** If that's your narrative, then how can you possibly plead total ignorance and stupidity when it comes to this kind of a violation? That doesn't make any sense to me. What I think is the more likely scenario, and this is a fine line, this is a fine line, you know, baseball is a sport where, you know, people would romanticize trying to get away with breaking the rules just a little bit. And, you know, whether you're Pete Rose or Ty Cobb or whoever it might have been. Yeah, yeah. There's all sorts of examples of this where in the, in the culture of baseball, that's part of the game. You try to get away with whatever you can get away with. What, you know, whether it's framing pitches as a catcher, whatever it is, it's part of the game, at least until technology took over. But in golf, that's not supposed to be part of the game. And what I think happened here is Bryson knew exactly what he was doing. Bryson saw immediately that his backswing was going to have a problem with the high grass. He stood behind the ball, stood down on that grass, then stepped on that grass behind the ball as he was getting into his shot. Now, how much it impacted the shot, it's impossible to know, but I think he had some intent. I think he thought he had plausible deniability, which he got away with for, you know, most of the round until it was over. Now, I agree with those that say he probably should have been notified of the problem immediately. I have no idea how the British Open officials decided that there was a violation. So I get that there's an, you know, there's some blame to go around here. But the main problem was that Bryson broke the rule, I believe, at least semi-intentionally. But this is where Bryson benefits, one, from his celebrity and popularity, uh, especially among MAGA fans, which is a big part of this whole situation, unfortunately, as well as the unwillingness of the golf media or his peers to make that devastating charge.

[68:22] **Speaker D:** This is—

[68:23] **Speaker B:** the charge of cheating in golf is still so devastating and such a big deal that people are very, very hesitant to make it, which in a weird way actually helps the cheater, right? Because it creates more room for plausible deniability. Because no one wants to call anyone a cheater because it's such a huge and absolutely crushing claim. Because if you're a cheater in golf, although it's not as strong as it used to be, that's a label you just can't get past. At least I think you can't get past. I mean, Patrick Reed has been accused of this on a couple of occasions, and it absolutely has damaged his reputation. So no one wants to call anyone a cheater without overwhelming evidence, and there was not overwhelming evidence here because Bryson did it in a way that was pretty artful. Uh, not perfect, but I think he knew what he was doing. Can I prove that? Absolutely I cannot prove that, but it doesn't matter because intent is irrelevant here. It's not about intent and it's not about the impact. It doesn't matter if his lie was actually improved, which I think it probably was to some degree. That doesn't matter under the rules. So the ruling was correct. It was not clear-cut. It was not overwhelming, but I believe it was the correct ruling. Now, for those that say that, well, John, Isn't it unfair that Bryson was held to a higher standard because he's on television every single shot? I get that. It is a flaw in the sport because obviously, you know, golf takes place where you got— you can have 100 guys on the course at the same time, and obviously there's 18 holes, and there's only one— you know, not one camera recording at any time, but there's only a certain number of cameras, and You know, things can happen where the television camera is certainly not broadcasting live. And so the officials aren't, you know, they do have an official monitoring the television broadcast to make sure that nothing strange happens. There's no question that a more popular player or a player who is near the lead is inherently under greater scrutiny because of the television cameras. I 100% agree with that, and that there's a problem that, that causes. There is a caveat though that no one wants to mention. Yes, there are negatives to being a person in that situation, but there are also positives. Like, for instance, I'm not saying that this happened in Bryson's circumstance, but it might have. When you're Bryson DeChambeau and you have multiple cameras and a much larger gallery following your every move, it's much more difficult for you to lose a golf ball. I mean, it was a miracle almost. In fact, I heard announcers say this. It was a near miracle that his tee shot on that 5th hole was found to begin with. And so to me, that issue basically evens out. Now, does it perfectly even out?

[71:52] **Speaker D:** I don't know.

[71:52] **Speaker B:** It's impossible to know, but it's not a one-sided situation. And as far as the way the media and the other players reacted, I found this to be so telling. I have been very, very critical of the golf media. I think it is the worst of the worst. I referenced canary in a coal mine before. You know, in my experience, having been very briefly in the golf media and been around it for quite a while, I saw this coming from, you know, 10 miles away, not just a mile away, where the death of journalism was first being seen within golf. Because in golf, you have some unique circumstances that create conflicts of interest, and corporate interests are incredibly pervasive, especially today in the golf world, and that golf journalism has died a horrible death. And let's be clear, golf journalism used to be real. Some of the greatest newspaper sports reporters and writers of all time used to cover golf. I mean, I don't even start naming names, but Dan Jenkins is one. But there's many, many names that I could cite for you in the heyday where golf journalism was a real thing. Now, was it perfect? No. They let Arnold Palmer, you know, sleep around as much as he wanted without telling anyone about it because they wanted to protect Arnold Palmer. And maybe the same kind of thing happened with Tiger Woods. But the golf journalism used to be real. Now it's a complete and total joke as corporate interests and conflicts of interest and the fact that the gigs are so difficult to get and they're so cushy and no one wants to do anything to possibly upset the apple cart or get fired. And there's certain players that are untouchable. I truly believe that that's part of how the Tiger Woods scandal happened, was because the golf media completely imploded and no one wanted to upset Tiger Woods, which ended up creating a bigger problem in the long run for everybody. Um, but the point here is that we now have a completely dead golf media. And there are tons of Bryson fans that tend to be MAGA fans. I'm not sure if that's because that he and Trump are friends. I'm sure that's part of it. And so Bryson has the seal of approval from Trump, both from their personal relationship as well as the fact that Bryson went to live. Um, but I, I think there's a symbiotic relationship here because I do, I do think that Bryson's persona appeals to MAGA supporters quite a bit. So there's no question that a lot of the Bryson support is MAGA support, at least in America. But I have to say, I was stunned and very disappointed that the English fans, who are clearly not MAGA, uh, were also extremely supportive of what ended up happening with Bryson DeChambeau. This was stunning to me. I get that MAGA fans now think that— and this is one of the most disturbing parts of the whole Bryson DeChambeau story— they think that popularity now dictates right and wrong. If you're popular, then, you know, you should either be allowed to get away with stuff, or, um, I'm gonna side with you because I like you. That seems to be the way things work now. Nobody's objective. No one is willing to call out their own side. No one's— almost no one's willing to say, you know, this person was wrong even though I like them, or, you know, the fact that I dislike this person is not the reason why I'm saying what they did was wrong. I mean, on social media, people just presume that if you take a— I get called a liberal all the time when I criticize conservatives because in the minds of most of these morons, that's the only reason why you would ever criticize a conservative is if you're a No, some of us are still trying to call balls and strikes here. Some of us are still trying to be objective. And when it came to the English fans, this part really blew my mind. So here's what happens. So Bryson has his temper tantrum. He gets the 2-shot penalty. He comes back from the 5th hole to the clubhouse. Todd Lewis of the Golf Channel politely asks him if he could do an interview, and he declines. Now, I got a big problem with Todd Lewis. I've had problems with Todd Lewis before, and I've even expressed them to him on X, and he's absolutely flummoxed. He doesn't even understand what I'm talking about. I'm not going to get into the details of that, but some of them actually relate to a video that he helped spike involving Bryson DeChambeau and Brooks Koepka, which was a huge deal a few years ago. Anyway, Todd Lewis should not be politely asking a guy who's in the midst of a massive news story whether it's okay for me to record an interview with you. This is not a normal post-round situation. You don't ask for fucking permission. You put the goddamn camera on and even when he returns, you start asking him questions and on camera, he either answers them or he dodges them. That's fucking journalism. But it didn't even occur to Todd Lewis that he could do something like that. I guarantee you, because that would have been too dangerous. We have to ask for permission? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. When, when Bryson DeChambeau has a temper tantrum live on your air over a major penalty that's going to possibly impact the results of the British goddamn Open You don't need to ask for permission anymore. But that's the mentality. That's how broken things are. So, so Bryson blows off Todd Lewis. By the way, he blows off all the media. He never did any interviews with the assembled media during the entire British Open, which to me goes to another issue that I have talked about constantly, and I'm the only one that I know of that's, that's made this prediction. But this whole Bryson DeChambeau story is proving that I'm right, that the sports postgame press conference is in grave jeopardy. It is an endangered species because Bryson knows he does not need the media. It's not worth it to him. He can just go on social media and post some ridiculous meme, and that's going to get way more views and placate his fans way more than having to face actual, potentially real questions. And so whether the sports media is smart enough to figure this out, I doubt it, but their weakness, their wussiness is burying themselves. They're digging their own grave because they're creating a situation where these sports superstars are gonna realize, why the hell do I need to do a post-round or post-game press conference? I don't. But back to Bryson. So he does this temper tantrum, says on camera, I'm not going to play tomorrow. He comes back, dodges interviews, then he goes to the driving range, which he knows because he's a media genius is going to be broadcast live on the Golf Channel. And in the darkness, he keeps hitting range balls. No need for him to do this. He just played a great round. His swing is obviously in fine shape. Now, is it possible he wanted to blow off some steam? I'm okay with that for a few shots just to blow off some steam because you just got, you know, a two-shot penalty and you got to rethink things for tomorrow. But Bryson did this as a show. This is Bryson the phony baloney, and Bryson doesn't care that the— that, you know what, there are a whole bunch of people that have to keep that range open for him. On a Friday night when they probably had plans to go do other things. But Bryson doesn't care because this is all about Bryson. And by the way, the British Open couldn't put out the tee times, so all the other players were inconvenienced into late in the night because they didn't know if Bryson was going to play. They first didn't know what position he was going to be in because it took so long for the penalty to be instituted because they gave Bryson every benefit of the doubt. And the idea that Bryson got mistreated here is so preposterous. He actually got kid glove treatment both by the British Open and by the media. Now, was there some harsh commentary in the Golf Channel with Bryson and, uh, you know, with Brandel Chamblee and Paul McGinley, who I have some respect for? Yeah, but interestingly enough The Golf Channel changed its tune, or actually basically cut off discussion over the weekend. I am— I have a pretty good spidey sense on these things, and I think something happened at the Golf Channel over the weekend because the Golf Channel had a perfect opportunity on Saturday to really stick a fork or a stake through the heart of Bryson DeChambeau and they did not take it. In fact, they went out of their way not to take it. And what I'm referring to is the comments of Rory McIlroy. Now, before I get into Rory McIlroy, I just want to make sure I finish the, the point on the English fans. The English fans on that next day lapped up Bryson DeChambeau's act hook, line, and sinker. And I just could not believe this. This is an American player, a guy associated with MAGA, which you would think would piss off some, some English fans, uh, a guy who acted like a brat, threatened not to play, dodged the media, kept everybody waiting on the tee times, kept everybody working at the range far later than they needed to. A complete act of selfishness. A guy who you could make a strong argument blatantly cheated, or at least was in the realm of cheating. I mean, that's the best spin I can put on this, but I think he cheated. I think he, in his mind, he knew what he was doing. I guarantee you, guarantee you, 10, 20 years ago, that person gets responded to by an English British Open crowd with Total silence. Total silence. Instead, he got responded to like he was O.J. Simpson on the white Ford Bronco chase driving on the 405 with people saying, run, Juice, run! In England! At the British Open! What the fuck is happening? What the fuck is happening? I'm telling you, this has massive social implications. I realize it sounds like an incredibly minor thing, but I'm telling— it's not. We can tell an awful lot about where we are in various aspects of society through the prism of this Bryson DeChambeau controversy. But let's go back to Rory McIlroy. Now, much like Bryson, I've been very conflicted about Rory McIlroy. When Rory is at his best, I think Rory is awesome. He was awesome at the beginning of the LIV fight. Uh, he has defied my expectations on the course. I thought he was probably done winning majors. He's won 2 straight Masters. Obviously, who could ever forget him winning the Grand Slam last year in dramatic fashion? But when Rory's bad, I have problems with Rory. Rory is a little bit like Lindsey Graham was to me. At his best off the course. Rory is amazing, but then he disappoints you from time to time. And I get that, that Rory, like a lot of these guys, can have a big ego and be a little self-obsessed and will be a little whiny and maybe a little hypocritical. I get that. I am not vouching for Rory McIlroy as the be-all end-all, but at the very least, Rory is a smart guy. And Rory's in a position where he can actually take a stance without being afraid of the ramifications. And I respect that. And Rory was asked on Saturday about the rules controversy involving Bryson DeChambeau. And what resulted was something that I wanted shot right into my veins, just straight into my veins, Rory, because this was fucking fantastic. Rory, can I ask your opinion on the Bryson rules incident last night?

[84:55] **Speaker D:** A few different players have been in with different interpretations of it. What did you see? So I was watching it live. I was up in the players' lounge watching it with a few other players, and as soon as he made the step into the ball, we all sort of looked at each other and were like, that didn't seem right. And then when I heard that he was, you know, he was called in by the rules officials, I think we all, it was pretty obvious for, for why. Um, yeah, I mean, I think, you know, I think there's no doubt that he improved the line of his backswing. So, you know, and again, it's like whether it was careless or whether it was intentional, I don't think it matters. Hopefully it was careless. Um, but I think the 2-shot penalty was, was justified for sure. What did you think the scenes after? Obviously you guys were delayed getting your tee times as well because of it all going on. Late night for everyone. Yeah, I look, I, you know, I won't pretend to be up here and defend Bryson. I'm not particularly fond of him. I think a lot of it's performative. I think a lot of it's for attention. And yeah, you know, to hold the tournament hostage like that and have all of us volunteers, players, everyone waiting on him into the park. I didn't feel like it was a great look.

[86:13] **Speaker B:** Do you think he knew what he was doing?

[86:17] **Speaker D:** Look, he's going to say, like, again, I don't— I'm not in his mind, I'm not in his— it— but it didn't look good.

[86:24] **Speaker B:** Roy, is something like that, um, you think that happens out here more than we know and it just isn't viewed or seen?

[86:32] **Speaker A:** Yeah, it's hard.

[86:33] **Speaker B:** Yeah, right, look, he's—

[86:34] **Speaker D:** every shot is on camera. There's a lot of guys that play this week and the shots aren't on camera, so you can say that that's unfair or whatever, or it might happen more than it does, but I just— it's obviously impossible to police everyone, and that's why it is a, you know, for the most part, a self-policing game. But I think when there is, um, obvious evidence like there was last night, then obviously that's a different story.

[87:05] **Speaker B:** Now when I saw that, I was like, wow, Rory knocked it out of the park. And I thought that the Golf Channel at least was going to be all over this, but they were not. They played the clip one time and did not comment on it. At all. And in fact, they kind of muted it because they played clips from a whole bunch of Bryce and DeChambeau's friends who were in the tournament, who were basically, you know, mealy-mouthed and very, uh, uncommitted about what really transpired. Some were mildly defending Bryce, and some were saying they weren't sure it was a penalty. So it was basically diluted in this mix of player comments and no commentary whatsoever, which I am positive, I am positive could only have happened because someone from above ordered it. Because what I know about the guys, uh, they're like Rich Lerner and Brandel Chamblee and Paul McGinley, they were thirsting, they were salivating to discuss this. In, in a normal world, and they didn't say one word about it. So there had to be some corporate influence there. And the idea that somehow the media is out to get Bryson DeChambeau is complete insanity. And that's just one example of that. It's exactly the opposite. Bryson DeChambeau was treated by— with kid gloves during all this. And I love Scottie Scheffler, but the difference between the way Rory reacted and the way Scottie Scheffler reacted were night and day. Scotty Scheffler ought to be a politician because he waited a day and then he gave an answer that literally pleased nobody and pissed off nobody. He gave every possible aspect of this story, um, you know, something that they would like, and every possible aspect of this story, something that they wouldn't be that pissed off about, but they wouldn't be thrilled with.. And I think part of the problem here is Scottie and Bryson are friends. They both live in the Dallas area. They're Ryder Cup teammates. And, and the Ryder Cup, I think, played a huge role in this. This is really kind of sad, not a huge deal, but it, it was remarkable how the Americans all to some degree rallied around Bryson DeChambeau, not completely. They all basically said, well, it might've been a penalty, but is it really fair? He's on television all the time. He's not a cheater, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, the European players like Rory McIlroy and Shane Lowry, they were like, this was a penalty clearly. And, you know, this— and basically attacked him for the way that he handled this. That's a shame to me. I wish we didn't live in that world where, you know, which Ryder Cup team you play on clouds your judgment to that degree. I also really wish And, and this is going to be my final thought on this.

[90:10] **Speaker C:** I—

[90:10] **Speaker B:** the saddest part of this whole thing is that Donald Trump has created a world where his influence has now impacted everything, even a rules controversy at the British Open, because Bryson is associated with Trump. In fact, there were rumors or jokes, and I believe a false story, that Bryson threatened to call Donald Trump. Now, I don't believe that story because I think there would be evidence of that. It's kind of amazing to me that Trump had the restraint to not get involved since what happened at the World Cup. I mean, he's fixing red cards for the American team at the World Cup, but he doesn't have the leverage at the British Open. In fact, he doesn't want to piss off the British Open people because he's still dreaming that Turnberry is going to get put back in the British Open rotation. So Trump's not going to do anything to piss off the British Open people. But I don't think it's a true story, even though it was reported by the Daily Mail or some other clickbait organization that somehow Bryson had threatened to get Trump involved in this. That's classic clickbait because there's no way to disprove it. Trump's not going to comment on it. Bryson's not going to comment on it. The tournament's over. You know, it's exactly what people want to hear. It dovetails with the World Cup thing. I don't, I don't think it's true. Um, but the point I'm making is Trump has now stained everything. Everything now, everything is seen— almost everything is seen through the prism of Trump. And that's just sad because right and wrong ought to matter, and it shouldn't be dictated by whether or not someone is seen as pro-Trump or not pro-Trump. And that part of this whole thing, to me, was rather sad. Thanks for listening to today's free drop of the abbreviated show. If you're interested in listening to the entire show, you must become a patron. Please go to Patreon. That's Patreon.com. Patreon.com/TheDeathOfJournalismWithJohnZiegler. My name is J-O-H-N Z-I-E-G-L-E-R. That's patreon.com/thedeathofjournalismwithjohnzigler. Good luck to you on that, but that's how you can subscribe.

[92:39] **Speaker A:** Today in your city, someone is walking their dog. Someone is crossing the street to their car. Someone's kid is riding a bike home, and they're counting on you to drive the speed limit. Speeding accounts for nearly 30% of traffic fatalities. And most of those crashes don't happen on the interstate. They happen on the streets where people live. Slow down. It's an act of care for the people around you. So remember, speeding catches up with you. Know the road and respect its limits. Presented by NHTSA. Now back to your news podcast.

[93:11] **Speaker B:** Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. With family, cannolis, and sports. Spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business? Introducing The Godfather at chompacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of The Godfather slots. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play The Godfather now at chompacasino.com. Welcome to the family. No purchase necessary. VGW Group. Void where prohibited by law. 21+. Terms and conditions apply.
