# Staffing Crisis At LAPD for The 2028 Olympics

**Show:** 790 KABC
**Date Published:** 2026-07-10
**Date Found:** 2026-07-10
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/staffing-crisis-at-lapd-for-the-2028-olympics?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 46 minutes

## Summary

This 46-minute episode of 790 KABC mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, 790 KABC

## Key Moment

> "It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, and San Diego. As well as the Central Valley. We cover all of it. I compile a list of all the stories that I think matter, that I think are important, that I think are worth your time at randywangradio.substack.com. You can check out the stories for yourself. You can subscribe and they'll get emailed to you when I post the list every morning around 9, 10, depends when my Pilates class is. Let me first just say, if you didn't get a chance to watch today's John Phillips Show from noon to 3, Oh boy, did we have some fun. John thought of a little incentive to get people to help boost our presence on YouTube by hitting that like button, and we got over 500 people to hit that like button. And the reward was a dramatic reciting of Katie Porter's Yelp reviews. This is a fantastic story from the website LA Material, which I believe is an independent news organization started by people that used to work at the LA Times. It's free to sign up to that website. You just put in your email and you can read the article. They compiled real Yelp reviews from all different kinds of politicians in Southern California, and Katie Porter's were so ridiculous that we decided, as a thank you to our listeners for liking that video feed and engaging so much on the live YouTube at Randy Wang Radio, that we would read her review of a massage parlor and a Supercuts and a pizza place and a cab company. And it is fantastic. It is golden. And I'm gonna tell you right now, if for any reason you missed what we did at 2:30, I'm gonna have the entire segment dropping on my YouTube channel right as this show ends at 6 PM. So we're gonna talk the news until 6 o'clock. Then at 6 o'clock, you'll be able to see the video, and I just made a silly title card of me dressed up as Katie Porter. You'll be able to watch the video of John and I reciting Katie Porter's Yelp reviews at youtube.com/@randywangradio. If you cannot find that channel, if you're having any trouble, just send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com and I'll I will point you in the right direction. But we can't sit here talking about Katie Porter all day. We have very important things to cover, including the police staffing shortage that we are currently experiencing in the city of Los Angeles that is going to have a huge impact on LA 2028. That is 2 years away. And you know, back in 2017, when then-Mayor Eric Garcetti was negotiating with the International Olympic Committee for then the bid for the 2024 Olympics ended up being Paris 2024. LA would get 2028. Eric Garcetti promised that the city of LA would have an LAPD rank of 12,000 by then. We're currently at 8,500 and we're shrinking by the day. So, uh, public safety reports showed that in the city of LA, the LAPD will need to dedicate around 6,000 officers every day to the venues that are hosting the Olympic events in the city limits because Some of the events are happening in Inglewood, some are happening in Long Beach, some are happening in Orange County, some are happening in Pasadena. So you have other agencies that would cover those. But just in the city of LA, like whatever they're doing at the convention center, they're gonna need 6,000 officers. Well, that's impossible when they only have 8,500 officers because you still have a city of 4 million people to police. So they're like, the best we can do is about 2,000. This has pushed Assemblywoman Tina McKinnon out of Inglewood to put forth legislation that would allow California to hire and bring in police officers from other departments in other states. So I guess would come out here, get free lodging, get some Olympics tickets, and provide security for the event. And that might be a small quick fix, but ultimately we have to figure out What is the big root cause of our police staffing crisis that's facing law enforcement agencies throughout the country, but most notably in California, and in California, most notably in the city of Los Angeles? There could be a lot of reasons. The defund the police thing really didn't help out. And the fact that those candidates keep getting elected, the fact that somebody who called to defund the police they very well be our next mayor tells you that there's not a lot of confidence in this department. Now, some of the LAPD's problems are self-inflicted, like what happened with Jameson with the dog, but you also have an incredibly dangerous profession, an incredibly dangerous city. You can also be a police officer in El Segundo, you can be a police officer in Burbank, and you're more than likely going to come home every single night. So I get it. It's a tough job. It's not a job that I could do. But if we're really in a situation where we have tried so many different things and, you know, I'll give her credit. She did try to throw a bunch of money at the problem. Karen Bass offered the LAPD everything they could do when it came to raises. So we were paying comparably to other cities, but also to signing bonuses. One of the biggest problems that the LAPD had when it came to recruiting was you'd go through the academy process, you'd go through the hiring process, which step number one, and this is something Karen Bass identified but did not fix, the hiring process, the bureaucracy in the city of Los Angeles is such a nightmare for all kinds of positions, including important positions like police officers. But you'd also have people that would get out of the academy, be trained to be a police officer, and get a signing bonus to go up to Alameda in the Bay Area because Alameda's Police Department for that small little town in Alameda County, they were offering $85,000 to move up there. 85 grand! That's pretty sweet deal. But we tried recruiting bonuses, we tried increasing the salaries, and you know what? It hasn't worked. Now, Nithya Raman, who's running for LA mayor, she will point out that that's part of what bankrupted the city budget and why we were in such a massive budget deficit a year ago. And she's partially right. Adding that increase to the police budget when we did not have the money and we were already losing revenue and we had triple the amount of liability payouts than we thought we would definitely led in the right direction. But it wasn't just the police budget. In the name of equity, when Karen Bass gave that raise to the LAPD, she decided, you know what, let's give across-the-board raises to every single city department. And that is what put us in a situation. Now, Nithya believes that we'll be fine with our current level of staffing, and she may very well be the mayor. She does not think we need any more than we have right now. She thinks our current level of staffing is fine, and this might be the best we can do. You know, Karen Bass has budgeted for 500 new officers this year, and that's just going to meet attrition because people retire every single day. But of course, Nithya's idea is, well, we can just replace so many of those duties with unarmed crisis responders, with mental health responders, with the circle teams and all of this other stuff. See, there's this Silly little math problem that goes around in the city of LA. And Eunisses Hernandez, who is the most prominent DSA member on the city council— Nithya is the fairy godmother of the DSA. She was the first one. But Eunisses is the most full-blown defund the police-er. And she will say, and she said it so many times when she is on council talking about the police budget, Unicef talks about how, you know, if we send out armed police to a call, it costs the city $85. And you know what? We could send unarmed crisis response circle teams, what have you, to the same call, and it costs us $35. And if you think about that, if you don't think about it too hard, you're like, wow, That's a big savings. But of course, police aren't paid by the call. Unarmed crisis response is not paid by the call. No, no, no. In effect, by having a police department and having the unarmed crisis response, every single one of those calls now costs— let me do the math here— $120. Did I do that math right? I think I did. 85, California schools, 85 plus 5 plus 30. Yes, $120. See, I did that very simple math because now we're paying for both. So that really doesn't add up. So I don't know if that is the answer. I think what we really need to do is what certain other cities have done, because again, we're not unique in this, but LA is such a vast, massive city that is so hard to police, unlike other places, because we are 500 square miles because we are way bigger than New York, and New York has 30,000 police officers. They may have more people, but we have so much more landmass. So maybe what we need to do is look at what cities like San Francisco and San Jose have been doing and leaning into technology. There's one issue with the LAPD that I will totally give Eunisses Hernandez credit for because it's the first time I heard it. I thought, okay, that's just your typical anti-police rhetoric. But Eunisses, during the budget deficit talks of last year, started talking about how, you know what we're wasting a ton of money on in the city of Los Angeles? We're wasting a ton of money on the helicopters. The LAPD helicopters are very expensive to maintain, let alone how much jet fuel is right now. But having to replace these things every couple of years because you can't have them in the air that long, otherwise they're dangerous to operate. I think— and again, the first time I heard this, like, of course we need our helicopters. And then the more I thought about it, outside of some very specific situations like swift water rescue, although that's usually LAFD, What do we usually have the LAPD helicopters do? Well, they're usually in the sky, sometimes in my neighborhood, highlighting that big old flashlight on a suspect that's on the run. That's right, you see the LAPD helicopters when there is a high-speed chase. And I know there are people that are big fans of the high-speed chases. I think that they are a little antiquated and we are not thinking smarter. And we're also not thinking smarter that we need to chase a fleeing suspect with a massive, expensive helicopter. Why can't we use a drone? Look at the police drone program they have in San Francisco and don't tell me that the drones can't fly that far. You should see the kind of drones the military have. The technology is there. We could have a drone tracking the vehicle. We have certain places now where the technology is available to have the drone actually implant a tracking device on the fleeing vehicle, and they're a lot more nimble. They can go— they can do things that a police helicopter can't. So maybe that is a way we can lean into technology. We can lean into the flock cameras, which are just barely a thing here, and they're way more emergent in the smaller cities in Orange County and in Bay Area have these real-time information centers. Every single police department should have a Batman-level Batcave. What did Batman have in the Batcave? He had cameras everywhere. He knew exactly what was going on. He didn't even need the Bat Signal to go up in the sky because he knew the crimes were happening right then and he was ready to respond. So if we really cannot hire more police officers because It is just one of these things. I mean, there's so many industries we're having trouble hiring people. This is just a fact of life right now. I mean, there's a situation where we're having a hard time hiring bus drivers in Yolo County right now. It's just, it's a hard time to hire people for specific jobs. So I get it. So do we go the Nithya route of turning over a bunch of roles of police to people that are not qualified for it, like ambassadors? Or people that are unarmed, or do we lean into technology? Hell, it's 2026. The movie came out almost 40 years ago. I think it's time for RoboCop. I liked RoboCop. What's wrong with RoboCop? Come on, Murphy, we need you. Hey, look at this. I never, ever give out the phone number for this show anymore, but let's take a call. John in La Cañada. John, hello."
> — Speaker A at 01:35
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:35] Speaker A: "It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, and San Diego. As well as the Central Valley. We cover all of it. I compile a list of all the stories that I think matter, that I think are important, that I think are worth your time at randywangradio.substack.com. You can check out the stories for yourself. You can subscribe and they'll get emailed to you when I post the list every morning around 9, 10, depends when my Pilates class is. Let me first just say, if you didn't get a chance to watch today's John Phillips Show from noon to 3, Oh boy, did we have some fun. John thought of a little incentive to get people to help boost our presence on YouTube by hitting that like button, and we got over 500 people to hit that like button. And the reward was a dramatic reciting of Katie Porter's Yelp reviews. This is a fantastic story from the website LA Material, which I believe is an independent news organization started by people that used to work at the LA Times. It's free to sign up to that website. You just put in your email and you can read the article. They compiled real Yelp reviews from all different kinds of politicians in Southern California, and Katie Porter's were so ridiculous that we decided, as a thank you to our listeners for liking that video feed and engaging so much on the live YouTube at Randy Wang Radio, that we would read her review of a massage parlor and a Supercuts and a pizza place and a cab company. And it is fantastic. It is golden. And I'm gonna tell you right now, if for any reason you missed what we did at 2:30, I'm gonna have the entire segment dropping on my YouTube channel right as this show ends at 6 PM. So we're gonna talk the news until 6 o'clock. Then at 6 o'clock, you'll be able to see the video, and I just made a silly title card of me dressed up as Katie Porter. You'll be able to watch the video of John and I reciting Katie Porter's Yelp reviews at youtube.com/@randywangradio. If you cannot find that channel, if you're having any trouble, just send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com and I'll I will point you in the right direction. But we can't sit here talking about Katie Porter all day. We have very important things to cover, including the police staffing shortage that we are currently experiencing in the city of Los Angeles that is going to have a huge impact on LA 2028. That is 2 years away. And you know, back in 2017, when then-Mayor Eric Garcetti was negotiating with the International Olympic Committee for then the bid for the 2024 Olympics ended up being Paris 2024. LA would get 2028. Eric Garcetti promised that the city of LA would have an LAPD rank of 12,000 by then. We're currently at 8,500 and we're shrinking by the day. So, uh, public safety reports showed that in the city of LA, the LAPD will need to dedicate around 6,000 officers every day to the venues that are hosting the Olympic events in the city limits because Some of the events are happening in Inglewood, some are happening in Long Beach, some are happening in Orange County, some are happening in Pasadena. So you have other agencies that would cover those. But just in the city of LA, like whatever they're doing at the convention center, they're gonna need 6,000 officers. Well, that's impossible when they only have 8,500 officers because you still have a city of 4 million people to police. So they're like, the best we can do is about 2,000. This has pushed Assemblywoman Tina McKinnon out of Inglewood to put forth legislation that would allow California to hire and bring in police officers from other departments in other states. So I guess would come out here, get free lodging, get some Olympics tickets, and provide security for the event. And that might be a small quick fix, but ultimately we have to figure out What is the big root cause of our police staffing crisis that's facing law enforcement agencies throughout the country, but most notably in California, and in California, most notably in the city of Los Angeles? There could be a lot of reasons. The defund the police thing really didn't help out. And the fact that those candidates keep getting elected, the fact that somebody who called to defund the police they very well be our next mayor tells you that there's not a lot of confidence in this department. Now, some of the LAPD's problems are self-inflicted, like what happened with Jameson with the dog, but you also have an incredibly dangerous profession, an incredibly dangerous city. You can also be a police officer in El Segundo, you can be a police officer in Burbank, and you're more than likely going to come home every single night. So I get it. It's a tough job. It's not a job that I could do. But if we're really in a situation where we have tried so many different things and, you know, I'll give her credit. She did try to throw a bunch of money at the problem. Karen Bass offered the LAPD everything they could do when it came to raises. So we were paying comparably to other cities, but also to signing bonuses. One of the biggest problems that the LAPD had when it came to recruiting was you'd go through the academy process, you'd go through the hiring process, which step number one, and this is something Karen Bass identified but did not fix, the hiring process, the bureaucracy in the city of Los Angeles is such a nightmare for all kinds of positions, including important positions like police officers. But you'd also have people that would get out of the academy, be trained to be a police officer, and get a signing bonus to go up to Alameda in the Bay Area because Alameda's Police Department for that small little town in Alameda County, they were offering $85,000 to move up there. 85 grand! That's pretty sweet deal. But we tried recruiting bonuses, we tried increasing the salaries, and you know what? It hasn't worked. Now, Nithya Raman, who's running for LA mayor, she will point out that that's part of what bankrupted the city budget and why we were in such a massive budget deficit a year ago. And she's partially right. Adding that increase to the police budget when we did not have the money and we were already losing revenue and we had triple the amount of liability payouts than we thought we would definitely led in the right direction. But it wasn't just the police budget. In the name of equity, when Karen Bass gave that raise to the LAPD, she decided, you know what, let's give across-the-board raises to every single city department. And that is what put us in a situation. Now, Nithya believes that we'll be fine with our current level of staffing, and she may very well be the mayor. She does not think we need any more than we have right now. She thinks our current level of staffing is fine, and this might be the best we can do. You know, Karen Bass has budgeted for 500 new officers this year, and that's just going to meet attrition because people retire every single day. But of course, Nithya's idea is, well, we can just replace so many of those duties with unarmed crisis responders, with mental health responders, with the circle teams and all of this other stuff. See, there's this Silly little math problem that goes around in the city of LA. And Eunisses Hernandez, who is the most prominent DSA member on the city council— Nithya is the fairy godmother of the DSA. She was the first one. But Eunisses is the most full-blown defund the police-er. And she will say, and she said it so many times when she is on council talking about the police budget, Unicef talks about how, you know, if we send out armed police to a call, it costs the city $85. And you know what? We could send unarmed crisis response circle teams, what have you, to the same call, and it costs us $35. And if you think about that, if you don't think about it too hard, you're like, wow, That's a big savings. But of course, police aren't paid by the call. Unarmed crisis response is not paid by the call. No, no, no. In effect, by having a police department and having the unarmed crisis response, every single one of those calls now costs— let me do the math here— $120. Did I do that math right? I think I did. 85, California schools, 85 plus 5 plus 30. Yes, $120. See, I did that very simple math because now we're paying for both. So that really doesn't add up. So I don't know if that is the answer. I think what we really need to do is what certain other cities have done, because again, we're not unique in this, but LA is such a vast, massive city that is so hard to police, unlike other places, because we are 500 square miles because we are way bigger than New York, and New York has 30,000 police officers. They may have more people, but we have so much more landmass. So maybe what we need to do is look at what cities like San Francisco and San Jose have been doing and leaning into technology. There's one issue with the LAPD that I will totally give Eunisses Hernandez credit for because it's the first time I heard it. I thought, okay, that's just your typical anti-police rhetoric. But Eunisses, during the budget deficit talks of last year, started talking about how, you know what we're wasting a ton of money on in the city of Los Angeles? We're wasting a ton of money on the helicopters. The LAPD helicopters are very expensive to maintain, let alone how much jet fuel is right now. But having to replace these things every couple of years because you can't have them in the air that long, otherwise they're dangerous to operate. I think— and again, the first time I heard this, like, of course we need our helicopters. And then the more I thought about it, outside of some very specific situations like swift water rescue, although that's usually LAFD, What do we usually have the LAPD helicopters do? Well, they're usually in the sky, sometimes in my neighborhood, highlighting that big old flashlight on a suspect that's on the run. That's right, you see the LAPD helicopters when there is a high-speed chase. And I know there are people that are big fans of the high-speed chases. I think that they are a little antiquated and we are not thinking smarter. And we're also not thinking smarter that we need to chase a fleeing suspect with a massive, expensive helicopter. Why can't we use a drone? Look at the police drone program they have in San Francisco and don't tell me that the drones can't fly that far. You should see the kind of drones the military have. The technology is there. We could have a drone tracking the vehicle. We have certain places now where the technology is available to have the drone actually implant a tracking device on the fleeing vehicle, and they're a lot more nimble. They can go— they can do things that a police helicopter can't. So maybe that is a way we can lean into technology. We can lean into the flock cameras, which are just barely a thing here, and they're way more emergent in the smaller cities in Orange County and in Bay Area have these real-time information centers. Every single police department should have a Batman-level Batcave. What did Batman have in the Batcave? He had cameras everywhere. He knew exactly what was going on. He didn't even need the Bat Signal to go up in the sky because he knew the crimes were happening right then and he was ready to respond. So if we really cannot hire more police officers because It is just one of these things. I mean, there's so many industries we're having trouble hiring people. This is just a fact of life right now. I mean, there's a situation where we're having a hard time hiring bus drivers in Yolo County right now. It's just, it's a hard time to hire people for specific jobs. So I get it. So do we go the Nithya route of turning over a bunch of roles of police to people that are not qualified for it, like ambassadors? Or people that are unarmed, or do we lean into technology? Hell, it's 2026. The movie came out almost 40 years ago. I think it's time for RoboCop. I liked RoboCop. What's wrong with RoboCop? Come on, Murphy, we need you. Hey, look at this. I never, ever give out the phone number for this show anymore, but let's take a call. John in La Cañada. John, hello."
- [16:30] Speaker A: "You know, it's an interesting idea. I'll tell you, one of the big problems with it is that a lot of the reason that people went to Sierra Madre, El Segundo, all these other departments, is because the City of LA's hiring process is so antiquated and so old that people that already went through the academy, they were cadets, are waiting on paperwork when you have all these other agencies that are safer to work at, they're like, we'll hire you now. The city of LA couldn't hire police officers quick enough even if they wanted to because our system is so bloated and so messy. And nobody, even though Karen Bass talks about fixing it, seems to be able to fix it."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I love my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year now and I use it every single week and it does the greatest job on steaks. I'm going to do some flat irons this week. It is a great job on chicken, including chicken breasts. I have a video on my social media at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Facebook. You can see me doing some sausages on there. I'm gonna put up some videos of some chicken breasts later this week. Even does a great job on shrimp, on veggies. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which you You know what's the side effect of that? The grill heats up so quickly, and I'm not taking 25 minutes before I actually put something on there. My propane tank is lasting way longer than I thought it would. Big fan of this thing. You should find out if the Solaire makes sense for you. Learn about the technology. See what Rett Rasmussen has to offer, because he does a great job out there making these things in Whittier. Check it out for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/Randy.

[01:02] **Speaker B:** While the city council might only give you 60 seconds to air your grievances—

[01:06] **Speaker A:** oh, hi, I'd like to start off by— go to the first caller on the phone.

[01:10] **Speaker B:** Well, if you're lucky. Now we're giving you a full 60 minutes. It's the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang, an hour-long recap of the day's top local stories on your drive home and Unlike the city council, we're the perfect vehicle to actually get your voice heard. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now.

[01:35] **Speaker A:** It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, and San Diego. As well as the Central Valley. We cover all of it. I compile a list of all the stories that I think matter, that I think are important, that I think are worth your time at randywangradio.substack.com. You can check out the stories for yourself. You can subscribe and they'll get emailed to you when I post the list every morning around 9, 10, depends when my Pilates class is. Let me first just say, if you didn't get a chance to watch today's John Phillips Show from noon to 3, Oh boy, did we have some fun. John thought of a little incentive to get people to help boost our presence on YouTube by hitting that like button, and we got over 500 people to hit that like button. And the reward was a dramatic reciting of Katie Porter's Yelp reviews. This is a fantastic story from the website LA Material, which I believe is an independent news organization started by people that used to work at the LA Times. It's free to sign up to that website. You just put in your email and you can read the article. They compiled real Yelp reviews from all different kinds of politicians in Southern California, and Katie Porter's were so ridiculous that we decided, as a thank you to our listeners for liking that video feed and engaging so much on the live YouTube at Randy Wang Radio, that we would read her review of a massage parlor and a Supercuts and a pizza place and a cab company. And it is fantastic. It is golden. And I'm gonna tell you right now, if for any reason you missed what we did at 2:30, I'm gonna have the entire segment dropping on my YouTube channel right as this show ends at 6 PM. So we're gonna talk the news until 6 o'clock. Then at 6 o'clock, you'll be able to see the video, and I just made a silly title card of me dressed up as Katie Porter. You'll be able to watch the video of John and I reciting Katie Porter's Yelp reviews at youtube.com/@randywangradio. If you cannot find that channel, if you're having any trouble, just send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com and I'll I will point you in the right direction. But we can't sit here talking about Katie Porter all day. We have very important things to cover, including the police staffing shortage that we are currently experiencing in the city of Los Angeles that is going to have a huge impact on LA 2028. That is 2 years away. And you know, back in 2017, when then-Mayor Eric Garcetti was negotiating with the International Olympic Committee for then the bid for the 2024 Olympics ended up being Paris 2024. LA would get 2028. Eric Garcetti promised that the city of LA would have an LAPD rank of 12,000 by then. We're currently at 8,500 and we're shrinking by the day. So, uh, public safety reports showed that in the city of LA, the LAPD will need to dedicate around 6,000 officers every day to the venues that are hosting the Olympic events in the city limits because Some of the events are happening in Inglewood, some are happening in Long Beach, some are happening in Orange County, some are happening in Pasadena. So you have other agencies that would cover those. But just in the city of LA, like whatever they're doing at the convention center, they're gonna need 6,000 officers. Well, that's impossible when they only have 8,500 officers because you still have a city of 4 million people to police. So they're like, the best we can do is about 2,000. This has pushed Assemblywoman Tina McKinnon out of Inglewood to put forth legislation that would allow California to hire and bring in police officers from other departments in other states. So I guess would come out here, get free lodging, get some Olympics tickets, and provide security for the event. And that might be a small quick fix, but ultimately we have to figure out What is the big root cause of our police staffing crisis that's facing law enforcement agencies throughout the country, but most notably in California, and in California, most notably in the city of Los Angeles? There could be a lot of reasons. The defund the police thing really didn't help out. And the fact that those candidates keep getting elected, the fact that somebody who called to defund the police they very well be our next mayor tells you that there's not a lot of confidence in this department. Now, some of the LAPD's problems are self-inflicted, like what happened with Jameson with the dog, but you also have an incredibly dangerous profession, an incredibly dangerous city. You can also be a police officer in El Segundo, you can be a police officer in Burbank, and you're more than likely going to come home every single night. So I get it. It's a tough job. It's not a job that I could do. But if we're really in a situation where we have tried so many different things and, you know, I'll give her credit. She did try to throw a bunch of money at the problem. Karen Bass offered the LAPD everything they could do when it came to raises. So we were paying comparably to other cities, but also to signing bonuses. One of the biggest problems that the LAPD had when it came to recruiting was you'd go through the academy process, you'd go through the hiring process, which step number one, and this is something Karen Bass identified but did not fix, the hiring process, the bureaucracy in the city of Los Angeles is such a nightmare for all kinds of positions, including important positions like police officers. But you'd also have people that would get out of the academy, be trained to be a police officer, and get a signing bonus to go up to Alameda in the Bay Area because Alameda's Police Department for that small little town in Alameda County, they were offering $85,000 to move up there. 85 grand! That's pretty sweet deal. But we tried recruiting bonuses, we tried increasing the salaries, and you know what? It hasn't worked. Now, Nithya Raman, who's running for LA mayor, she will point out that that's part of what bankrupted the city budget and why we were in such a massive budget deficit a year ago. And she's partially right. Adding that increase to the police budget when we did not have the money and we were already losing revenue and we had triple the amount of liability payouts than we thought we would definitely led in the right direction. But it wasn't just the police budget. In the name of equity, when Karen Bass gave that raise to the LAPD, she decided, you know what, let's give across-the-board raises to every single city department. And that is what put us in a situation. Now, Nithya believes that we'll be fine with our current level of staffing, and she may very well be the mayor. She does not think we need any more than we have right now. She thinks our current level of staffing is fine, and this might be the best we can do. You know, Karen Bass has budgeted for 500 new officers this year, and that's just going to meet attrition because people retire every single day. But of course, Nithya's idea is, well, we can just replace so many of those duties with unarmed crisis responders, with mental health responders, with the circle teams and all of this other stuff. See, there's this Silly little math problem that goes around in the city of LA. And Eunisses Hernandez, who is the most prominent DSA member on the city council— Nithya is the fairy godmother of the DSA. She was the first one. But Eunisses is the most full-blown defund the police-er. And she will say, and she said it so many times when she is on council talking about the police budget, Unicef talks about how, you know, if we send out armed police to a call, it costs the city $85. And you know what? We could send unarmed crisis response circle teams, what have you, to the same call, and it costs us $35. And if you think about that, if you don't think about it too hard, you're like, wow, That's a big savings. But of course, police aren't paid by the call. Unarmed crisis response is not paid by the call. No, no, no. In effect, by having a police department and having the unarmed crisis response, every single one of those calls now costs— let me do the math here— $120. Did I do that math right? I think I did. 85, California schools, 85 plus 5 plus 30. Yes, $120. See, I did that very simple math because now we're paying for both. So that really doesn't add up. So I don't know if that is the answer. I think what we really need to do is what certain other cities have done, because again, we're not unique in this, but LA is such a vast, massive city that is so hard to police, unlike other places, because we are 500 square miles because we are way bigger than New York, and New York has 30,000 police officers. They may have more people, but we have so much more landmass. So maybe what we need to do is look at what cities like San Francisco and San Jose have been doing and leaning into technology. There's one issue with the LAPD that I will totally give Eunisses Hernandez credit for because it's the first time I heard it. I thought, okay, that's just your typical anti-police rhetoric. But Eunisses, during the budget deficit talks of last year, started talking about how, you know what we're wasting a ton of money on in the city of Los Angeles? We're wasting a ton of money on the helicopters. The LAPD helicopters are very expensive to maintain, let alone how much jet fuel is right now. But having to replace these things every couple of years because you can't have them in the air that long, otherwise they're dangerous to operate. I think— and again, the first time I heard this, like, of course we need our helicopters. And then the more I thought about it, outside of some very specific situations like swift water rescue, although that's usually LAFD, What do we usually have the LAPD helicopters do? Well, they're usually in the sky, sometimes in my neighborhood, highlighting that big old flashlight on a suspect that's on the run. That's right, you see the LAPD helicopters when there is a high-speed chase. And I know there are people that are big fans of the high-speed chases. I think that they are a little antiquated and we are not thinking smarter. And we're also not thinking smarter that we need to chase a fleeing suspect with a massive, expensive helicopter. Why can't we use a drone? Look at the police drone program they have in San Francisco and don't tell me that the drones can't fly that far. You should see the kind of drones the military have. The technology is there. We could have a drone tracking the vehicle. We have certain places now where the technology is available to have the drone actually implant a tracking device on the fleeing vehicle, and they're a lot more nimble. They can go— they can do things that a police helicopter can't. So maybe that is a way we can lean into technology. We can lean into the flock cameras, which are just barely a thing here, and they're way more emergent in the smaller cities in Orange County and in Bay Area have these real-time information centers. Every single police department should have a Batman-level Batcave. What did Batman have in the Batcave? He had cameras everywhere. He knew exactly what was going on. He didn't even need the Bat Signal to go up in the sky because he knew the crimes were happening right then and he was ready to respond. So if we really cannot hire more police officers because It is just one of these things. I mean, there's so many industries we're having trouble hiring people. This is just a fact of life right now. I mean, there's a situation where we're having a hard time hiring bus drivers in Yolo County right now. It's just, it's a hard time to hire people for specific jobs. So I get it. So do we go the Nithya route of turning over a bunch of roles of police to people that are not qualified for it, like ambassadors? Or people that are unarmed, or do we lean into technology? Hell, it's 2026. The movie came out almost 40 years ago. I think it's time for RoboCop. I liked RoboCop. What's wrong with RoboCop? Come on, Murphy, we need you. Hey, look at this. I never, ever give out the phone number for this show anymore, but let's take a call. John in La Cañada. John, hello.

[15:55] **Speaker C:** Hey, how are you?

[15:57] **Speaker A:** I'm doing great. How are you?

[15:58] **Speaker C:** Hear me?

[15:59] **Speaker A:** Yeah.

[16:00] **Speaker C:** Hey, I'm doing great. I love your show. I love you. Hey, listen, so my solution is for these cadets to come in, they need to sign a contract, real simple, that they're going to stay with the LAPD. And if they don't, then they're going to pay the price. So they just don't wander off to Sierra Madre and, you know, San Marino and all these other different jurisdictions to make more money. It's real simple, have them sign a contract.

[16:30] **Speaker A:** You know, it's an interesting idea. I'll tell you, one of the big problems with it is that a lot of the reason that people went to Sierra Madre, El Segundo, all these other departments, is because the City of LA's hiring process is so antiquated and so old that people that already went through the academy, they were cadets, are waiting on paperwork when you have all these other agencies that are safer to work at, they're like, we'll hire you now. The city of LA couldn't hire police officers quick enough even if they wanted to because our system is so bloated and so messy. And nobody, even though Karen Bass talks about fixing it, seems to be able to fix it.

[17:13] **Speaker C:** So a contract doesn't work. I mean, how does a contract not work if they have to say we're going to stay here After we go through the whole training process. Okay.

[17:24] **Speaker A:** Oh, I think it would work, but we need to be able to actually hire them. The problem that we have is we say we're going to hire you and then you're bogged down in paperwork for 6 months to a year. That's unacceptable on our end. If we want to hire these people and we want to keep them here, then we have to speed up the process. It's so ridiculous.

[17:44] **Speaker C:** Oh, you're right. That's a, that's a really Good point you got going on there. So we gotta get after them.

[17:51] **Speaker A:** There you go, John. Thank you so much. Love the idea. Appreciate it. Yeah, contract to work out great as long as we can hire them in a timely fashion and show that we have their back, which considering the current candidates that we have for the next mayor's race doesn't look likely. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang. On Talk Radio 790 KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're gonna get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire Infrared Grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[19:20] **Speaker D:** When you're a maintenance engineer in a beverage manufacturing plant, you keep production lines moving and quality on track because there is no room for slowdowns. With Grainger's vast selection of high-quality motors, sensors, belts, and hard-to-find parts, you can get what You need fast and all in one place so nothing gets in the way of getting the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click granger.com, or just stop by. Granger, for the ones who get it done.

[19:52] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. How do you like our, uh, royalty-free AI-generated EDM music? Hey, do I have something exciting for you! 790 KABC welcomes Cole Swindell with special guest John Morgan at the Pacific Amphitheater at the OC Fair on July 19th. Tickets are on sale now at pacamp.com, but right now caller number 9 at 1-888-790-5222 gets a pair of tickets to the show. All concert tickets include admission to the OC Fair Tickets furnished by the Pacific Amphitheater. Good luck dialing. And like clockwork, the person who calls and tries to get every prize we give away calls in with their 3 phones. How is that allowed? Don't we have like rules that you can only win a couple of prizes per month? But whatever. Let's continue with today's News Blitz, and unfortunately we continue in Boyle Heights. The odor is getting worse, especially as now we are in the middle of a heat wave, and there doesn't seem to be much relief at all from the companies responsible for this, whether it's the solar company that started the fire or the warehouse company that has all the rotting food. They're in a dispute as to if they can remove that stuff. The city and county seems to be nowhere except, oh, we're gonna offer you an air purifier and maybe a mask and maybe some Lysol spray, and it's not enough. These people are living in horrific conditions, and that's if you live in Boyle Heights. The neighboring part of town is unincorporated East LA, and those people have been left out to the wolves. Now there's a story in El Segundo, and this is one of those videos where it is hard to watch. There's a lawsuit against a daycare. Now it's not a straight up licensed daycare facility. It's a place where I guess you drop off your kid for a couple hours while you go to the country club or you go to the gym, what have you. But video has emerged of somebody working at the daycare, playing around with the kid, throwing them up in the air, throwing them up in the air too high to the point where they hit their head on the ceiling. Then fell on the daycare worker. And now this small child has a traumatic brain injury. We're talking about a 2-year-old. And, you know, accidents happen. Kids fall and get hurt all the time. But the problem that we have here is— and we've seen this, we saw this with that story of the daycare in Winnetka where two different kids came home and tested positive for amphetamines, whether that was meth or whether that was something else. You've got to be completely transparent, especially if there is video out there showing exactly what happened. And this daycare was not transparent at all about these injuries. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC.

[23:11] **Speaker B:** It's half past 5 in LA. That means you're either sitting at a bar or sitting in traffic. Well, wherever you're sitting, get comfortable because the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang continues now.

[23:26] **Speaker A:** It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I compile a list of all the stories I found today that I think are worth your time, that I think matter at randywangradio.substack.com. It is all local stuff, all stuff that is relevant to you and relevant to me. You can also send me an email at randywangradio@gmail.com. We got the phone number here, 800-222-5222. Feel free to chime in on anything that we're talking about. And of course, make sure you're subscribed to all the socials. I'm @randywangradio on X, Instagram, and most importantly, YouTube. That is where we are putting off this livestream of the John Phillips Show every single day from noon to 3. It's on a lot of platforms, but YouTube is kind of blowing up right now. So make sure you're subscribed, and any videos that you watch on that channel, hit the like button, including at 6 o'clock after I sign off the air. If you didn't get a chance to hear it or watch it live, I have put together a video of John and I reciting Katie Porter's Yelp reviews. Thanks to that great article from LA Material. That video is scheduled to post on my YouTube channel at 6 o'clock. So at 6 o'clock, go to youtube.com/@randywangradio And so put youtube.com/@randywangradio and you'll see that video, including a ridiculous graphic that I made up for it. So check it out at 6 o'clock. I got distracted there for a second because I got a text from John Phillips. Do you have the Katie minivan pic? No, it's on the work computer. Obsessed much? Why, yes. Yes, he is. All right, let's move on to a story coming out of San Jose that I really like. This— I think this is one of the ways we get out of California's housing crisis. ADUs have been going up all over the place.. And especially in places like San Diego where they've kind of gone too far with the density bonus laws. But San Jose, which is the most expensive city to live in, I think in the world, has been kind of a trailblazer when it comes to not only approving ADUs, but they're the first city to go all in on not only can you build an ADU or convert your garage or part of your house into a duplex or a triplex, But you also don't have to be a landlord. I think there's a lot of people, especially in California with our tenant protections, that they may have a lot of extra space in their house that they're not using. I know I think about this all the time. My wife and I aren't having kids. Why are we in a 4-bedroom house? Currently, my wife's in Canada, so I'm in one room by myself. One of my dogs is here. The other dog is sitting on the couch. The cat's in here during the breaks begging me for food. But my bedroom is empty. My wife's office is empty and the spare bedroom is empty. I think we have too much space. So I have always thought about, okay, would it make sense to clean out all the crap in the garage so we can actually turn that and the second bedroom into like a nice one-bedroom ADU with a living room? I've thought about it. I even think that my house would be a perfect idea for it because we're on a corner lot, and so we could even take the space that's in front of the garage right now and have a driveway. Because the one thing that I know would piss off this neighborhood is if I did this and then there wasn't any parking for the new person. But one of the reasons that I've always been apprehensive about doing that, outside of the cost, which We don't plan on living here that long. I would really like to be in a smaller condo, not in the Valley, especially right now with this summer heat. I don't want to deal with being somebody's landlord. Maybe that's fine, but I've heard so many horror stories. I never want to be in a situation where I cannot get somebody out that's not paying rent. Or I am in a situation where I, I'm being sued because something's not right. There's just, there's a lot of risk in that. There's also a lot of reward. I mean, you'd be making tons and tons and tons of money. I mean, gosh, I could probably rent out in this neighborhood a 1-bedroom ADU for $2,000, $2,500, which is a massive, massive part of my mortgage. So yeah, it could be very, very, very valuable. But what if you could go further than just you build an ADU to give it to a relative or you build an ADU to rent it out to a stranger? What if you built an ADU and you actually cut it into its own subdivision? What if instead of renting it out as an apartment, what if you sold it? As a condo. This is now allowed if cities and counties opt in. And San Jose, most expensive city in California, possibly the world, has opted into this. And the first ADU condo ever finally sold for $530,000. That got someone a 750-square-foot ADU. Which for San Jose, for that real estate market to have anything that's under $600,000, that's pretty damn good. I mean, you're still gonna need a whole lot of buy-in, but that to me sounds like if that was implemented on a grand scale, that could be a game changer overnight, especially as you have people that either aren't going to have kids or they had kids that moved out and they've got too much house. Are you— can you be in a situation where you split up that house and you don't need to be a landlord? You just sell half the lot, you sell it to somebody else, and now that one house becomes two houses. Of course, the one thing that we have to make sure, and I know this gets talked about a lot whenever you're talking about building ADUs, we got to make sure we anticipate the traffic We anticipate the increased utility cost, plumbing, what have you. All of that needs to be figured out. But I think of all the ideas of, oh, we just need to build more housing. Oh, we just need to build more housing. Well, building housing is expensive. The fact that even in San Jose you can sell an ADU condo at a price point for just under half a mil is kind of incredible. So I kind of think this is a great idea, and I think it's something that we should be leaning into, especially because— and by the way, I love that this is happening in San Jose, and this is something that Mayor Matt Mahan touted on the campaign trail, and he got, what, 4% of the vote? Most common sense guy on that stage, and he got— on the Democrat side— and 4% of the vote. I— you could definitely argue most common sense guy on the entire stage was Steve Hilton, but I mean, Matt Mahan had a lot of really good ideas. He leaned into things like this. He talked about one of the reasons we don't build condos, which are like the starter home, is because of all of these defect laws and lawsuits that result from it. And we need to figure out ways to reform that, because if we could build more condos, we could build more small places. Right now, the cost to build is so high that you have to build these big gigantic houses and we're not building the starter home. It is something that Steve Hilton has talked about on the campaign trail. We need to incentivize building the small 2-bedroom, 3-bedroom house, and maybe the condo is the way to do that. And maybe the ADU that you can sell as a condo is a way to do that. So if I was in a situation where I wanted to carve up this house in half. And that would mean that I would need to find place for all the junk that's in the garage. And even though I just cleared out a bunch of it, there's more. But it could be done. Could definitely maximize the space that we're using up here. Get rid of the second bedroom, which has— so, you know, well, then we'd only have one bathroom. I have to deal with that. I guess I can go in the yard. Is that okay? Trying to, trying to think out loud here of how this would work, but I could probably, for a little less than half the value of that, of this house, sell it right there. And that's, that's a huge profit right there. I'm still a homeowner. I still have a house that is increasing in value, but it now is a much smaller house, and I pocketed a bunch of that money and can go put it into savings. Maybe put it into, you know, a safe market. You know, I think there's something to this here. Maybe you think this is insanity. Let me know at randywangradio@gmail.com, or you can always give us a call at 800-222-5222. But I think of all the ideas I've heard how to get us out of the housing crisis, even if you don't think there is one, being able to sell an ADU as a brand new building, to sell it as a condo, I think is a step in the right direction. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on talk radio 790 KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're gonna get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you. And when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.

[34:47] **Speaker D:** When you're a maintenance engineer in a beverage manufacturing plant, you keep production lines moving and quality on track. Because there is no room for slowdowns. With Grainger's vast selection of high-quality motors, sensors, belts, and hard-to-find parts, you can get what you need fast and all in one place so nothing gets in the way of getting the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done. The United States Soccer Federation presents the U.S. Soccer Podcast.

[35:21] **Speaker E:** I'm your host, Megan Klingenberg. One thing I promised you is an all-access access pass that you wouldn't get on any other show. And we found out that whoever comes on scores a goal. Berghoff, Freeman, Trustee. U.S. Soccer Podcast magic is real, people. We still got plenty of coverage all throughout this World Cup. Okay, let's get into it.

[35:40] **Speaker D:** The U.S. Soccer Podcast presented by Henkel. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.

[35:50] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio, 790 KABC. As we move into the future, technology has so many ways to help us, and that includes satellites that can help us fight wildfires. A startup in the Bay Area launched some satellites into the sky that are going to be able to give our firefighters, when a disaster strikes, on-the-time, real-time tracking. Because sometimes when the fire and the smoke is so bad outside of thermal imaging, we don't have the resources that we need to be able to navigate where the hotspots are. This is the kind of technology that is overdue and it is needed. And these are the kind of things that make me very optimistic that there are futuristic solutions to a whole lot of our problems. But that being said, I have made this argument before, and I'm about to make it again. Everything is evolving. I'm literally able to broadcast a video from my home that goes out to YouTube and Twitter and Facebook simultaneously. It's kind of amazing. We have so many advancements in AI. I can type into, 'cause I know I did this earlier today, Google Gemini, create an image of Katie Porter angrily writing a Yelp review. And in about 30 seconds it makes it and it looks perfect. As every aspect of our lives is becoming more futuristic and more technological, why is it that cell phones sound worse than ever. Cell phones are less reliable than ever. And dead zones seem to be all over the place, including in heavily industrialized and populated Los Angeles. I was on a business call with my agent on the way home, and the entire call the phone was cutting out. The entire call we'd had. I had it dropped the first time. Cell phone quality has gotten so terrible. You know what's funny? If you ever can find on YouTube like old videos of talk radio shows from like the 1980s or the 1990s, I think you can find it. There is like an old recording of like Tom Likas doing his show on KFI in like 1989. And the reason I bring it up is Everyone back then had a landline and the phone quality was so crystal clear. I mean, it sounded incredible. Nowadays, it's hit or miss when we get a call, if you can even understand them. Phone quality is so awful. This is why, you know, of the many reasons that so many people prefer texting, Cell phone quality goes down and down and down as I am able to live. This is something else. I find this hilarious. We are, you know, transitioning to a whole lot of video aspects for the John Phillips Show, and hopefully eventually this show too. And one of those things is, hey, why are we working in that mindset of the 1980s and '90s if we have a guest Why are we putting them on the phone? If they have a computer, they can join us on video. And what's going to be really funny is in the next few weeks, we'll probably have some guests who, when we have them on the video, it's going to look fantastic, it's going to sound great. But usually when we have these guests on the phone, their phone quality is terrible or our phone quality is terrible. Well, I bring all of this up for a very specific reason. The California Public Utilities Commission, which I truly believe is a shill for the utilities considering they approved 6 different rate hikes over the course of a year for PG&E, they're holding informational hearings. They are, they are holding informational hearings to talk to people in California about their horrible cell phone service. They are talking to people about how many calls they're getting dropped, how much we're all paying. Do you think about how much we're paying for AT&T, T-Mobile, what have you? I pay like over $100 a month for my cell phone, and the quality is terrible. And I'm sure I'm just paying for all the infrastructure, and the data is great, and I can download videos. Hell, I can watch a livestream of a radio show. But the actual cell phone quality is awful. So I can't wait to see if anything comes out from the CPUC hearings. And finally, I gotta talk about this one. The San Francisco Fire Commission is considering a $6 million settlement in a retaliation lawsuit. A firefighter was assaulted, got hit in the head with a wrench from a fellow firefighter. And of course, the victim in this case reports it and says, hey, this is unacceptable. I was assaulted by one of my coworkers. And you know what the union did? The union put him on leave. The guy that got hit in the head with the wrench. They did not put the guy who hit somebody in the head with the wrench Because, well, sometimes even the unions that represent the best people among us act like the worst kinds of unions. You don't narc on any of us. I mean, there are so many stories about how you do not rat out a bad cop. I guess you also don't rat out a bad firefighter. And ultimately, unions are to protect their membership, including the bad ones. So this guy was retaliated against and punished for speaking out about being assaulted. Since then, he has been relocated to another fire department. So has the guy who attacked him with a wrench. But this guy said, no, this is unacceptable. So he's suing. And now it looks like there's going to be a $6 million payout because the union did not have this guy's back at all. All right. So usually we get to the end of the show. And it's my dog that's like, oh boy, oh boy, food time, there's gonna be food, it's great. She's being quiet and good. It's my monster of a cat who is now hounding me even though she just ate. She— her feeder goes off 4 times a day and apparently that's not enough because now she's bothering me while I'm doing my show. I share my office with a cat And it's getting real old, real quick. I'm going to mention it one more time because I've already gotten so many people asking for it. By the way, John needs to not text me while I'm doing the show. I know, I panicked. Okay, so I'm just going to do this in real time because one of the things that I have to do now, there's a lot of new things I have to do. I have to, when I am starting a show, put out a title that's going to go out to all the things, and I forgot to do that till right before the show started, and I kind of panicked. And John's like, hey, look at the YouTube page, Weed Light with Spencer Pratt, not high-speed rail. I know I didn't put a title in till the last minute and panicked. I forgot to put a title in to the last minute and panicked. You know, you don't want to do talk-to-text. This is way easier. I can do a lot of multitasking. I cannot text and speak at the same time. I'm aware I forgot to put a title into the last second and panicked, and I did not have a graphic built for Spencer Pratt. I will change that later on. There. That was easier. My brain can do a lot of things at once. A lot. But I cannot think and text. I cannot talk and text. Cannot do it. My brain completely shuts off, and it's very distracting when people who know I'm on the air right now are texting me in the middle of the show. I wonder if I'll bring that up tomorrow. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid so you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time.

[45:47] **Speaker B:** You don't—

[45:47] **Speaker A:** you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy.
