# Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone 05-12-26 Hour 2

**Show:** Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone Audio Hours
**Date Published:** 2026-05-13
**Date Found:** 2026-05-13
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/wayne-allyn-root-s-war-zone-05-12-26-hour-2--71984966?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 46 minutes

## Summary

This 46-minute episode of Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone Audio Hours mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Wayne Allyn Root’s WAR Zone Audio Hours

## Key Moment

> "So the Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a US senator who is bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no. Especially a Republican US senator. My solution is A, vote Republican for the midterms, or we have no chance to survive as a country. And B, demand lie detector tests and forensic audits for both parties. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word. Trust me, the ones voting against us are all dirty. Certainly the Republicans voting against us are all dirty. Truly amazing. And then a couple articles that back me up. Unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think Hunter Biden's the only horny politician in America or son of a politician in America? Come on, man. Do you remember what that guy Madison Crawford— I think that was his name— Republican from North Carolina in a wheelchair, handsome kid in a wheelchair from an automobile accident. He said the minute he got to Congress, everybody said, come on, there's an orgy tomorrow night. All the congressmen are at it. Let's go. And the minute he said that, everyone in Congress hated him. They took away all his privileges. They cursed him out whenever he saw them, and they made sure he wasn't reelected. That was the end of his career when he reported the truth about congressional orgies. I know what's going on, and they're all set up by the Chinese. I'm telling you, New Jersey Democrats order United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate. Democrats can't get elected without cheating. It's all they know how to do. That's it. It's cheating and taking bribes. And, uh, making illegal aliens vote. Democrat State Assembly candidate in New York City may be kicked off the primary ballot. 90% of her 5,258 total signatures were invalidated by the City Board of Elections. Many of them were out of the district, many of them were not registered to vote, and many of them were dead. My mom and dad have been dead since 1992, and my understanding is they're Democrats now. They were Republicans when they were alive, but since 1992, they've probably voted Democrat. This woman is wearing a hijab, as I called it in Hour Number One, an ugly scarf around her head. And, um, she's a Muslim Democrat, and she's got dead people signing her ballots, and she's got invalidated signatures, 90% of her signatures. It's in their blood. Democrats are criminals. Thieves, frauds, scoundrels, evil. Be right back. Hi, I'm Wade Allen Root, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America, with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks, Pedeco Energy grew about 100 100 to 1 for investors. Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lostsoldier.com. Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Frida Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year ICE will be put on trial and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allen Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News, with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. Hi, I'm Wade on the route for Vertical Research Advisory, VRA, Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment an economic newsletter. Listen up, Trump is in charge, the glory days are here. Growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well as my personal financial advisor. During that time, he Kip has beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses the market 90% of the time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. Zakra! I don't mean to be a homer, because I was born Jewish. You know, I am a Jew, took Jesus Christ as my Savior, so some would argue I'm both Jew and Evangelical Christian. I describe it as a Messianic Jew, uh, but I think you could say culture-wise and race-wise I'm Jewish. You can never change that. My blood is Jewish. But you could say religion-wise, I guess I'm a Christian now. It's probably the easiest way to say it. I don't see any contradiction or problem with that because we live in a Judeo-Christian nation with Judeo-Christian values. Jews and Christians are kissing cousins or close twin brothers, and it's really one of one and two of the same. Um, but I, I still love the Jewish people. I will always love the Jewish people. I'm not thrilled with the Jewish liberals, but I'm always fighting for the Jewish people. And it sure does seem like when you find someone who hates Jews and loves Palestinians, um, they're just total scumbags. And the pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the Super Bowl halftime show, was found guilty in court. His name is Zul Qarnayn Kwame Nantambu faces 6 months in prison. He was the Super Bowl halftime performer who turned protester. And this is a while back. This was not in the last Super Bowl. I don't think it was a couple of Super Bowls ago when he unfurled a pro-Palestinian flag on the field of the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. And he's been convicted in court and faces a fine, possible jail time. He's been found guilty of resisting police. Uh, he was originally enlisted to be part of Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance. On February 9th, 2025, so in other words, two Super Bowls ago, things went sideways when he pulled a flag of Sudan and Palestine sewn together out of his own wardrobe and ran across the field waving the flag. Security and law enforcement personnel chased him, but he refused to comply with their commands to stop. He eventually surrendered and he was charged with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace. My point is, They're all lawbreakers. They're criminals. They're slimeballs. They're scumbags. Who's got it right? Who's got it perfectly right? Spencer Pratt, running for mayor of LA, uh, former reality TV star. You need that to get it right. He said in a leaked, um, a leaked email or text, I don't know which one it is, that he is going to crack down on the mind virus of antisemitism and end violence against Jewish people in a scathing message to a journalist He said in a leaked DM to journalist James Lee that he has been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified, and it will end on his watch if elected. I will have zero tolerance for it. Anti-Semitism is a legitimate mind virus and a sign of decaying society, he scathed. Let's be honest, this is a culture problem. He is a vocal critic of LA Mayor Karen Bass, and he blames far-left leaders like her for fomenting hate against Jews, with pro-Hamas protests erupting numerous times on her watch. This bull, you know what, stops when I am mayor. His main course of action would be to step up policing against anti-Semitic targets, including directing the LAPD to ramp up patrols around synagogues and Chabad centers. Um, let's see, I'm trying to find what else he said because there were some other really good things he said. Said an elite journalist, he's been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified. He says Jews are my brothers and sisters. He said such sentiments on college campuses of anti-Semitism and pro-Hamas among young voters is disgusting. He would not be deterred by social media trends and opposition to anti-Semitism. I will never abandon my Jewish brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, the mayor has no authority over the chancellors at universities, he wrote, so it comes down to using the bully pulpit to shame and pressure them to act in defense of Jewish students and faculty. The former reality star has won praise for his brash campaign, boasted that unlike Bass, nobody's better at that than me. I will be their worst nightmare if they don't get in gear. I will lean on the DOJ and the District Attorney to aggressively pursue civil rights prosecutions. We've seen this movie before, and this crap ain't happening on my watch. Never again is right now, he said. In a follow-up message, Pratt lampooned Bass for failing to end the rise of antisemitism, accusing her of being unable to use the power of her office properly. And, uh, just to show you how good he did in the debate, Spencer Pratt won it so big, I think it was like 90% said he was the winner. So now there was a new debate this week, or supposed to be, and the mayor dropped out, and then the socialist councilman running against her dropped out. The two people that he destroyed that have any chance of winning dropped out of the debate because they can't debate with the Wayne Roots and the Spencer Pratts and the Donald Trumps. They can't do it. They don't have any facts on their side. But again, it goes hand in hand. Hating Jews and being a communist goes hand in hand and destroying society. Lost Soldier Oil and Gas is the sponsor of this segment. Took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery in Wyoming. The first 4,000 feet drilled so far estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, one of the largest natural gas discoveries in decades. To learn more about this Lost Soldier Oil and a gas opportunity, go to lostsoldier.com, fill out the form, they'll get right back to you. Lostsoldier.com. Hi, this is Wayne Alaroot for Amio Life. You all know how much I value my health and how much I support hard-working patriotic companies fighting to help Americans each and every day. One of my favorite companies is Amio Life. Amio joins me in fighting for freedom and supporting the natural health of families across America. I use their alkaline structured silver solution 3 times a day, natural silver mouthwash and silver gel on my face each night, and silver lozenges all throughout my show. It's all part of my daily wellness routine. The good folks at Amneolife realize that inflation is hitting hard right now, so they're offering my listeners— get this— a special 50% discount on their entire product line. Good, clean, natural health should be available to everyone, no matter What? Visit amiolife.com, that's amiolife.com, and use the promo code ROOT50 to save 50%, or give them a call at 800-422-8148. Remember to say ROOT50 to receive 50% off. Toll-free, 800-422-8148. And cute."
> — Speaker C at 09:54
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [09:54] Speaker C: "So the Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a US senator who is bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no. Especially a Republican US senator. My solution is A, vote Republican for the midterms, or we have no chance to survive as a country. And B, demand lie detector tests and forensic audits for both parties. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word. Trust me, the ones voting against us are all dirty. Certainly the Republicans voting against us are all dirty. Truly amazing. And then a couple articles that back me up. Unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think Hunter Biden's the only horny politician in America or son of a politician in America? Come on, man. Do you remember what that guy Madison Crawford— I think that was his name— Republican from North Carolina in a wheelchair, handsome kid in a wheelchair from an automobile accident. He said the minute he got to Congress, everybody said, come on, there's an orgy tomorrow night. All the congressmen are at it. Let's go. And the minute he said that, everyone in Congress hated him. They took away all his privileges. They cursed him out whenever he saw them, and they made sure he wasn't reelected. That was the end of his career when he reported the truth about congressional orgies. I know what's going on, and they're all set up by the Chinese. I'm telling you, New Jersey Democrats order United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate. Democrats can't get elected without cheating. It's all they know how to do. That's it. It's cheating and taking bribes. And, uh, making illegal aliens vote. Democrat State Assembly candidate in New York City may be kicked off the primary ballot. 90% of her 5,258 total signatures were invalidated by the City Board of Elections. Many of them were out of the district, many of them were not registered to vote, and many of them were dead. My mom and dad have been dead since 1992, and my understanding is they're Democrats now. They were Republicans when they were alive, but since 1992, they've probably voted Democrat. This woman is wearing a hijab, as I called it in Hour Number One, an ugly scarf around her head. And, um, she's a Muslim Democrat, and she's got dead people signing her ballots, and she's got invalidated signatures, 90% of her signatures. It's in their blood. Democrats are criminals. Thieves, frauds, scoundrels, evil. Be right back. Hi, I'm Wade Allen Root, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America, with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks, Pedeco Energy grew about 100 100 to 1 for investors. Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lostsoldier.com. Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Frida Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year ICE will be put on trial and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allen Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News, with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. Hi, I'm Wade on the route for Vertical Research Advisory, VRA, Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment an economic newsletter. Listen up, Trump is in charge, the glory days are here. Growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well as my personal financial advisor. During that time, he Kip has beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses the market 90% of the time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. Zakra! I don't mean to be a homer, because I was born Jewish. You know, I am a Jew, took Jesus Christ as my Savior, so some would argue I'm both Jew and Evangelical Christian. I describe it as a Messianic Jew, uh, but I think you could say culture-wise and race-wise I'm Jewish. You can never change that. My blood is Jewish. But you could say religion-wise, I guess I'm a Christian now. It's probably the easiest way to say it. I don't see any contradiction or problem with that because we live in a Judeo-Christian nation with Judeo-Christian values. Jews and Christians are kissing cousins or close twin brothers, and it's really one of one and two of the same. Um, but I, I still love the Jewish people. I will always love the Jewish people. I'm not thrilled with the Jewish liberals, but I'm always fighting for the Jewish people. And it sure does seem like when you find someone who hates Jews and loves Palestinians, um, they're just total scumbags. And the pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the Super Bowl halftime show, was found guilty in court. His name is Zul Qarnayn Kwame Nantambu faces 6 months in prison. He was the Super Bowl halftime performer who turned protester. And this is a while back. This was not in the last Super Bowl. I don't think it was a couple of Super Bowls ago when he unfurled a pro-Palestinian flag on the field of the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. And he's been convicted in court and faces a fine, possible jail time. He's been found guilty of resisting police. Uh, he was originally enlisted to be part of Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance. On February 9th, 2025, so in other words, two Super Bowls ago, things went sideways when he pulled a flag of Sudan and Palestine sewn together out of his own wardrobe and ran across the field waving the flag. Security and law enforcement personnel chased him, but he refused to comply with their commands to stop. He eventually surrendered and he was charged with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace. My point is, They're all lawbreakers. They're criminals. They're slimeballs. They're scumbags. Who's got it right? Who's got it perfectly right? Spencer Pratt, running for mayor of LA, uh, former reality TV star. You need that to get it right. He said in a leaked, um, a leaked email or text, I don't know which one it is, that he is going to crack down on the mind virus of antisemitism and end violence against Jewish people in a scathing message to a journalist He said in a leaked DM to journalist James Lee that he has been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified, and it will end on his watch if elected. I will have zero tolerance for it. Anti-Semitism is a legitimate mind virus and a sign of decaying society, he scathed. Let's be honest, this is a culture problem. He is a vocal critic of LA Mayor Karen Bass, and he blames far-left leaders like her for fomenting hate against Jews, with pro-Hamas protests erupting numerous times on her watch. This bull, you know what, stops when I am mayor. His main course of action would be to step up policing against anti-Semitic targets, including directing the LAPD to ramp up patrols around synagogues and Chabad centers. Um, let's see, I'm trying to find what else he said because there were some other really good things he said. Said an elite journalist, he's been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified. He says Jews are my brothers and sisters. He said such sentiments on college campuses of anti-Semitism and pro-Hamas among young voters is disgusting. He would not be deterred by social media trends and opposition to anti-Semitism. I will never abandon my Jewish brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, the mayor has no authority over the chancellors at universities, he wrote, so it comes down to using the bully pulpit to shame and pressure them to act in defense of Jewish students and faculty. The former reality star has won praise for his brash campaign, boasted that unlike Bass, nobody's better at that than me. I will be their worst nightmare if they don't get in gear. I will lean on the DOJ and the District Attorney to aggressively pursue civil rights prosecutions. We've seen this movie before, and this crap ain't happening on my watch. Never again is right now, he said. In a follow-up message, Pratt lampooned Bass for failing to end the rise of antisemitism, accusing her of being unable to use the power of her office properly. And, uh, just to show you how good he did in the debate, Spencer Pratt won it so big, I think it was like 90% said he was the winner. So now there was a new debate this week, or supposed to be, and the mayor dropped out, and then the socialist councilman running against her dropped out. The two people that he destroyed that have any chance of winning dropped out of the debate because they can't debate with the Wayne Roots and the Spencer Pratts and the Donald Trumps. They can't do it. They don't have any facts on their side. But again, it goes hand in hand. Hating Jews and being a communist goes hand in hand and destroying society. Lost Soldier Oil and Gas is the sponsor of this segment. Took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery in Wyoming. The first 4,000 feet drilled so far estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, one of the largest natural gas discoveries in decades. To learn more about this Lost Soldier Oil and a gas opportunity, go to lostsoldier.com, fill out the form, they'll get right back to you. Lostsoldier.com. Hi, this is Wayne Alaroot for Amio Life. You all know how much I value my health and how much I support hard-working patriotic companies fighting to help Americans each and every day. One of my favorite companies is Amio Life. Amio joins me in fighting for freedom and supporting the natural health of families across America. I use their alkaline structured silver solution 3 times a day, natural silver mouthwash and silver gel on my face each night, and silver lozenges all throughout my show. It's all part of my daily wellness routine. The good folks at Amneolife realize that inflation is hitting hard right now, so they're offering my listeners— get this— a special 50% discount on their entire product line. Good, clean, natural health should be available to everyone, no matter What? Visit amiolife.com, that's amiolife.com, and use the promo code ROOT50 to save 50%, or give them a call at 800-422-8148. Remember to say ROOT50 to receive 50% off. Toll-free, 800-422-8148. And cute."

## Full Transcript

[00:01] **Speaker A:** Forget whatever plans you have this weekend because you're staying at home and playing on SpinQuest! And there's never been a better time to sign up than right now. New users get $30 coin packs for just $10. All the table games you love with hundreds of slot games and real cash prizes. That's at SpinQuest.com. S-P-I-N-Q-U-E-S-T.com.

[00:22] **Speaker B:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details.

[00:41] **Speaker C:** Warning!

[00:41] **Speaker D:** The Root, the Root, the Root's on fire! You're about to experience the most high-octane, pedal-to-the-metal controversial show of your life. Please buckle up and hold on tightly. This station is not responsible for injuries. This is Wayne Allen Root, America's favorite conservative rock star, direct from the entertainment capital of the world, Las Vegas. What time is it? It's time for war! Here's your host, 100% raw truth, 100% American-made, the Warrior, Wayne Allen Root.

[01:27] **Speaker C:** All right, Wayne Allen Root, the Root, the Root, the Root is on fire. Welcome to the show from Las Vegas, Nevada. Uh, let me start off with my commentary. Hey, Pitar, is there— oh, there we go. I was just wondering if we were on because I saw only Vegas up on the screen, so I wasn't sure what's going on. So yes, coming from Vegas, there's a reason we always show those scenes of Vegas, by the way, because that's my adopted hometown the last 24 years. And I love Las Vegas, and I love it because there's no taxes, no income taxes, no capital gains taxes, no business taxes, and no inheritance taxes, and the second lowest Property taxes, I just found out, in the nation, second lowest in the nation. Some study just said we're number 2 in the nation in lowest property tax. I don't know how true that is. We're certainly in the top 10 of the lowest property taxes, but it's pretty low. Pretty low. You can own a million-dollar house here and pay like $5,000, $6,000 a year in property taxes. That's pretty low. You're not going to find that anywhere else in the United States, I don't think. Kind of amazing because we have gaming, right? And gaming pays a lot of taxes. And also, we're not like California. We don't give our money away like they do in California. Government does not spend like a drunken sailor, quite as bad as California. I'm still upset at many things government does here. They're trying, they're trying to replicate California, but they're not even close yet. All right, the commentary that I wrote earlier today, just barely finished before the show began, why are Democrats against the SAVE Act? Why are even a handful of Republican senators against it? They're all either bribed or blackmailed by China or the drug cartels. That's the title. So I'm the only national TV host in America who has cracked the code for a decade now. I must be doing something right. I just landed my second national TV show, and I'll be announcing the show in the next week, but it will be a daily TV show to go with my weekend TV hit, America's Top 10 Countdown. Now you'll be able to watch me 7 days a week on TV. Back to the code. I've been reporting and warning for over a decade now that the entire Democrat Party And a few key RINO Republicans and all the Democrat judges and a few key members of the Supreme Court even are either bribed or blackmailed by China and the CCP and the Mexican drug cartels and/or the deep state. And why not? If you made a few million dollars a year— uh, excuse me, a few billion dollars a week selling drugs— a few billion a week selling drugs— wouldn't you bribe and blackmail the politicians to protect your scam? Of course you would. I grew up on the mean streets of the Bronx borderline. Even more importantly, I attended at one of the roughest inner-city high schools in America. It was 95% Black and a few rough Italian Americans and one Jew— me. I was almost murdered on multiple occasions, no exaggeration. But most important of all, I grew up in an all-Italian mafia neighborhood. I understood, uh, and understand organized crime, and I understand how they operate and how they stay in business with bribes and blackmail. It's called Let's Make a Deal. Behind door number 1 is blackmail. They set up the politicians with beautiful women or men or both, or orgies with lots of beautiful women or men or both, and then they videotape it. They take photos and videos. Behind door number 2 is a choice. You can accept $10 million cash in a bribe. They'll put it in a Cayman Island offshore bank account, and you play ball. You vote the way they tell you to vote. Or you could say no. In which case they will release the photos and the videos of you in inappropriate sexual activities and ruin your career and your life. Your spouse will divorce you, your children will disown you, your voters will reject you, the media will mock you, you'll be a joke for the rest of your life, unemployable. Your life's over. Which one would you choose? The proof is the Democrats' obsession with illegal alien criminals. They love them. They would do anything for them. Even the murderers, rapists, drug traffickers, human traffickers, and the evil MS-13 and Naragua gangbangers. Democrats love them all with a red-hot passion, obsession, and desperation I've never before seen in a politician. They're even desperate to leave Washington, D.C. and fly thousands of miles to El Salvador to rescue the worst subhuman scumbag MS-13 savages from prison there and bring them back to the USA. Like anyone wants them? Who would want to bring them back? The communist insurrectionist judges are desperate to set free the worst illegal alien killers, rapists, and pedophiles. No matter how evil their crimes, the Democrats love them and want them free, and they give them like 1 year, 2 years, 3 years in prison for terrible crimes. And then Tina Peters spends 9 years in prison. Wow. This isn't normal. Something is wrong. I've warned for years the entire Democrat leadership is on the payroll of China, the CCP, and the drug cartels. But now add in leading US Senate RINO Republicans too. How do I know? It's easy. Just look at the Save America Act. Everyone in America supports it. Whites, Blacks, Latinos, Republicans, Democrats, 80% of everyone supports it. Virtually 100% of Republicans and MAGA support it. So why can't the Republican Senate pass it? Yet the GOP-controlled Senate won't pass it. Why? They're either bribed, owned lock, stock, and barrel on the CCP or drug cartels' payroll, or they're being blackmailed. It's really that easy to see. The open borders issue exposed the whole Democrat Party. They were willing to do anything to keep the border open, even let Americans be raped and murdered and 100,000+ innocent American kids die from drug overdoses every year. It was always the bribes or the blackmail, stupid, to paraphrase James Carville. Heck, the Democrats in Congress sat with angry looks on their faces when President Trump asked everyone in Congress to stand if they supported Americans over illegal aliens. This just isn't normal. But now the Save America Act has exposed the Senate Republicans who are on the take or blackmailed. I can name them all. Anyone who won't pass the SAVE Act is dirty. They're either on the CCP or drug cartels' payroll or being blackmailed for deviant sexual behavior. It's really that simple. Just this week we saw two big stories in the news that tied all of this. Story number one: Eileen Wong, the mayor of Arcadia, California, was just arrested for acting as a foreign agent for China. She's accused of being a spy and sleeper cell agent for the Chinese Communist Party. She happened to get elected mayor, but agents, spies, and sleepers are everywhere. They're chiefs of staff in Congress, they're girlfriends, boyfriends, escorts, and handlers for the most powerful politicians in America. Eileen Wong is just the tiny tip of the iceberg. We have been infiltrated, and it's always by China. Story number 2: Wesley Edens, the billionaire co-owner of the NBA Milwaukee Bucks, was extorted, i.e., blackmailed by Shangli Sophia Luo, a Chinese executive threatening the billionaire with photos and videos of their sex. She wanted $1 billion for her efforts. She may be a prostitute, but give her credit, she's not cheap. Folks, this all goes— it's always the Chinese, folks. This all goes on every hour of every day in DC or the capital of whatever state you live in. We are being robbed and raped. The politicians are for sale. Or blackmailed, and that's why they seem nice and honest and patriotic and interested in helping the American people when they're campaigning for office. But then as soon as they get elected, they are voting against our interests. Trust me, they're on the take, owned by our foreign enemies, or being blackmailed. My educated guess is both.

[09:24] **Speaker A:** Forget everything you had planned for this weekend because you are sitting on your couch and winning from the comfort of your own home. I'm here with SpinQuest, where you can play hundreds of slot games, all of the table games you love, and you could even win real cash prizes. New users, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 at spinquest.com.

[09:46] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[09:54] **Speaker C:** So the Save America Act exposed it all once and for all. Only a US senator who is bribed, owned by China or the drug cartels, or blackmailed could possibly vote no. Especially a Republican US senator. My solution is A, vote Republican for the midterms, or we have no chance to survive as a country. And B, demand lie detector tests and forensic audits for both parties. Any politician who refuses, assume they're dirty and throw them out on their asses. And as far as the ones who take the test, make the results public and let's see who's honest and who is for sale to the highest bidder. And let's see the results of the forensic audits versus their spending and lifestyle. Never again take a politician at his or her word. Trust me, the ones voting against us are all dirty. Certainly the Republicans voting against us are all dirty. Truly amazing. And then a couple articles that back me up. Unearthed DOJ files implicate Hunter Biden in sex trafficking violations. Do you think Hunter Biden's the only horny politician in America or son of a politician in America? Come on, man. Do you remember what that guy Madison Crawford— I think that was his name— Republican from North Carolina in a wheelchair, handsome kid in a wheelchair from an automobile accident. He said the minute he got to Congress, everybody said, come on, there's an orgy tomorrow night. All the congressmen are at it. Let's go. And the minute he said that, everyone in Congress hated him. They took away all his privileges. They cursed him out whenever he saw them, and they made sure he wasn't reelected. That was the end of his career when he reported the truth about congressional orgies. I know what's going on, and they're all set up by the Chinese. I'm telling you, New Jersey Democrats order United States Postal Service to ignore President Trump's election integrity mandate. Democrats can't get elected without cheating. It's all they know how to do. That's it. It's cheating and taking bribes. And, uh, making illegal aliens vote. Democrat State Assembly candidate in New York City may be kicked off the primary ballot. 90% of her 5,258 total signatures were invalidated by the City Board of Elections. Many of them were out of the district, many of them were not registered to vote, and many of them were dead. My mom and dad have been dead since 1992, and my understanding is they're Democrats now. They were Republicans when they were alive, but since 1992, they've probably voted Democrat. This woman is wearing a hijab, as I called it in Hour Number One, an ugly scarf around her head. And, um, she's a Muslim Democrat, and she's got dead people signing her ballots, and she's got invalidated signatures, 90% of her signatures. It's in their blood. Democrats are criminals. Thieves, frauds, scoundrels, evil. Be right back. Hi, I'm Wade Allen Root, the national TV and radio host known as the MAGA Warrior and the Capitalist Evangelist. This presidency is ushering in the golden age of prosperity, and it's all built around making America the energy capital of the world. Enter Lost Soldier Oil and Gas. It took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery It's estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, with a management forecast projecting the first 25 wells alone to produce 400 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. This is how we power the AI future of America, with clean natural gas. Headed by oil and gas legend Mark Brunner, whose previous public companies delivered spectacular returns for investors at their peaks, Pedeco Energy grew about 100 100 to 1 for investors. Ultra Petroleum grew about 1,000 to 1 for investors. To learn more about Lost Soldier Oil and Gas, scan the QR code on the screen or go to lostsoldier.com. That's lostsoldier.com. Wayne Allen, root for Freedom Fest, the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year. I can't wait to meet all of you there. Frida Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day, to network, socialize, and celebrate liberty. Here and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders, a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial. This year ICE will be put on trial and the ICE defense attorney is Wayne Allen Root. The MC is Kennedy from Fox News, with speakers Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, and celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, use promo code WAR for $100 off. That's freedomfest.com, promo code WAR. Hi, I'm Wade on the route for Vertical Research Advisory, VRA, Kip Herridge's one-of-a-kind global investment an economic newsletter. Listen up, Trump is in charge, the glory days are here. Growth rates are only going to grow from here. This is your 4-year window to make a fortune and set up your retirement for the rest of your life. Kip wins whether the markets are up or down, whether the economy is up or down. We set our folks up for long-term success. For 21 years, Kip's been a friend as well as my personal financial advisor. During that time, he Kip has beaten the markets 86% of the time, while the average Wall Street money manager loses the market 90% of the time. Now Kip is predicting a new golden age for the economy. Let Kip prove it to you for free. Kip's offering his daily VRA investment letter completely free for 2 weeks. Free for 2 weeks. Try it for 2 weeks. I know you'll stay for life. Join now at vraincider.com. Zakra! I don't mean to be a homer, because I was born Jewish. You know, I am a Jew, took Jesus Christ as my Savior, so some would argue I'm both Jew and Evangelical Christian. I describe it as a Messianic Jew, uh, but I think you could say culture-wise and race-wise I'm Jewish. You can never change that. My blood is Jewish. But you could say religion-wise, I guess I'm a Christian now. It's probably the easiest way to say it. I don't see any contradiction or problem with that because we live in a Judeo-Christian nation with Judeo-Christian values. Jews and Christians are kissing cousins or close twin brothers, and it's really one of one and two of the same. Um, but I, I still love the Jewish people. I will always love the Jewish people. I'm not thrilled with the Jewish liberals, but I'm always fighting for the Jewish people. And it sure does seem like when you find someone who hates Jews and loves Palestinians, um, they're just total scumbags. And the pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the Super Bowl halftime show, was found guilty in court. His name is Zul Qarnayn Kwame Nantambu faces 6 months in prison. He was the Super Bowl halftime performer who turned protester. And this is a while back. This was not in the last Super Bowl. I don't think it was a couple of Super Bowls ago when he unfurled a pro-Palestinian flag on the field of the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans. And he's been convicted in court and faces a fine, possible jail time. He's been found guilty of resisting police. Uh, he was originally enlisted to be part of Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance. On February 9th, 2025, so in other words, two Super Bowls ago, things went sideways when he pulled a flag of Sudan and Palestine sewn together out of his own wardrobe and ran across the field waving the flag. Security and law enforcement personnel chased him, but he refused to comply with their commands to stop. He eventually surrendered and he was charged with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace. My point is, They're all lawbreakers. They're criminals. They're slimeballs. They're scumbags. Who's got it right? Who's got it perfectly right? Spencer Pratt, running for mayor of LA, uh, former reality TV star. You need that to get it right. He said in a leaked, um, a leaked email or text, I don't know which one it is, that he is going to crack down on the mind virus of antisemitism and end violence against Jewish people in a scathing message to a journalist He said in a leaked DM to journalist James Lee that he has been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified, and it will end on his watch if elected. I will have zero tolerance for it. Anti-Semitism is a legitimate mind virus and a sign of decaying society, he scathed. Let's be honest, this is a culture problem. He is a vocal critic of LA Mayor Karen Bass, and he blames far-left leaders like her for fomenting hate against Jews, with pro-Hamas protests erupting numerous times on her watch. This bull, you know what, stops when I am mayor. His main course of action would be to step up policing against anti-Semitic targets, including directing the LAPD to ramp up patrols around synagogues and Chabad centers. Um, let's see, I'm trying to find what else he said because there were some other really good things he said. Said an elite journalist, he's been horrified to see how the Jewish community has been vilified. He says Jews are my brothers and sisters. He said such sentiments on college campuses of anti-Semitism and pro-Hamas among young voters is disgusting. He would not be deterred by social media trends and opposition to anti-Semitism. I will never abandon my Jewish brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, the mayor has no authority over the chancellors at universities, he wrote, so it comes down to using the bully pulpit to shame and pressure them to act in defense of Jewish students and faculty. The former reality star has won praise for his brash campaign, boasted that unlike Bass, nobody's better at that than me. I will be their worst nightmare if they don't get in gear. I will lean on the DOJ and the District Attorney to aggressively pursue civil rights prosecutions. We've seen this movie before, and this crap ain't happening on my watch. Never again is right now, he said. In a follow-up message, Pratt lampooned Bass for failing to end the rise of antisemitism, accusing her of being unable to use the power of her office properly. And, uh, just to show you how good he did in the debate, Spencer Pratt won it so big, I think it was like 90% said he was the winner. So now there was a new debate this week, or supposed to be, and the mayor dropped out, and then the socialist councilman running against her dropped out. The two people that he destroyed that have any chance of winning dropped out of the debate because they can't debate with the Wayne Roots and the Spencer Pratts and the Donald Trumps. They can't do it. They don't have any facts on their side. But again, it goes hand in hand. Hating Jews and being a communist goes hand in hand and destroying society. Lost Soldier Oil and Gas is the sponsor of this segment. Took 40 years to piece together this 40,000-acre giant gas discovery in Wyoming. The first 4,000 feet drilled so far estimated to contain up to 6 trillion cubic feet of gas, one of the largest natural gas discoveries in decades. To learn more about this Lost Soldier Oil and a gas opportunity, go to lostsoldier.com, fill out the form, they'll get right back to you. Lostsoldier.com. Hi, this is Wayne Alaroot for Amio Life. You all know how much I value my health and how much I support hard-working patriotic companies fighting to help Americans each and every day. One of my favorite companies is Amio Life. Amio joins me in fighting for freedom and supporting the natural health of families across America. I use their alkaline structured silver solution 3 times a day, natural silver mouthwash and silver gel on my face each night, and silver lozenges all throughout my show. It's all part of my daily wellness routine. The good folks at Amneolife realize that inflation is hitting hard right now, so they're offering my listeners— get this— a special 50% discount on their entire product line. Good, clean, natural health should be available to everyone, no matter What? Visit amiolife.com, that's amiolife.com, and use the promo code ROOT50 to save 50%, or give them a call at 800-422-8148. Remember to say ROOT50 to receive 50% off. Toll-free, 800-422-8148. And cute.

[23:00] **Speaker A:** Forget everything you had planned for this weekend because you are sitting on your couch and winning from the comfort of your own home. I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play hundreds of slot games, all the table games you love, and you could even win real cash prizes. New users, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 at spinquest.com.

[23:22] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[23:31] **Speaker C:** All right, Wayne Island Root, the Root, the Root, the Root's on fire! Welcome back to the show from Las Vegas, my adopted hometown for 24 years now. The crossroads of America and the world, about 40 million, 42 43 million tourists every single year from all over the United States, all 50 states, and all over the world. So, so gives me a leg up on figuring out what people are thinking, right? I understand my pulse is on what people are thinking in America, in the crossroads of this great country, Las Vegas, Nevada. And it must be working, right? Something must be working. I did a special the other night called America Speaks for Real America's Voice TV. I've already got my hit show on weekends, monster hit, called America's Top 10 Countdown. And I did my special America Speaks. We asked you to call in and speak to Main Route and tell us what you're thinking. And 2,400 people called in on the first night of the special with almost no promotion. 2,400 and crashed the phone system. And I'll be announcing next week a brand new show every single night on the network called America Speaks. All right, Freedom Fest is coming up. This is my guest segment. They are the sponsor of this segment. Freedom Fest is the World's Fair of Liberty, July 8th to 11th at Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas. I attend every year that it's in Vegas, and I can't wait to meet all of you here. Freedom Fest is the gathering place to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Independence Day. Hear and meet famous speakers, authors, economists, health experts, political leaders. You will see a financial freedom seminar with America's economist Mark Skousen, the Anthem Film Festival, a comedy show, a pitch tank for entrepreneurs, and great debates including the big annual mock trial, which I win almost every single year. I think I'm 5-0 in those trials now. I've never lost, uh, it— this year's trial, they're putting ICE on trial, and the ICE defense attorney is yours truly, Wayne Allyn Root. That's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be televised nationally on C-SPAN, but you'll want to be live in the audience with me defending ICE. The emcee is Kennedy from Fox News. The speakers include Steve Forbes, Glenn Beck, Adam Carolla, John Mackey, United States Senator Rand Paul, celebrity actors Rob Schneider and Dean Cain. Join me at Freedom Fest. For my fans only, get $100 off the registration fee. Go to freedomfest.com, freedomfest.com, and use promo code WAR for $100 off. Promo code WAR gets you $100 off at freedomfest.com. All right, my guest is Casey Crosby. She's been on quite a few times now, uh, co-chair of the RNC, Republican National Committee. We always love to have her back, Casey. Welcome to the show. How are you?

[26:07] **Speaker E:** I'm great. Thanks for having me.

[26:09] **Speaker C:** A pleasure to have you on. A huge court victory for Republicans in Virginia, uh, blocking their redistricting, the Democrats' redistricting. And then a huge victory at the United States Supreme Court blocking this crazy idea of creating districts in odd, strange, bizarre shapes just so they could be a minority district, which means automatically a Democrat district. And if you just did it the normal way and divided things normally, um, it looks like we'll probably gain back like 14, 15 House seats. So maybe, just maybe, that could be the answer to, you know, the solution for us finally having a shot here to win the midterms.

[26:47] **Speaker E:** So listen, last Friday was a great day for the Republican Party. It was a great day for Virginians and a great day for fair maps. You know, we've also been very happy with results of the U.S. Supreme Court and the efforts with the gerrymandering that's gone on with these racial districts. And the one thing with the Republican National Committee is we will follow the law, we will follow the Constitution. Constitution. And we've just gotten on the offense with it where now we're fighting them in court because we feel like in some of these areas the law is very clear and is on our side. And so, you know, I'm so proud of Chairman Gruters and our leadership at the Republican National Committee with Virginia. You know, the Democrats, they dumped almost $70 million in that vote for those, for those unconstitutional, gerrymandered, lobster tail maps that they created. And we knew that we felt like very strongly that we could litigate it. And so we did not spend near the money that they did, and we fought it through the courts because we felt like the law was very clearly on our side and we won. And so it was just a great day for Virginians, a great day for Republicans, and a great day again for fair maps last Friday.

[27:59] **Speaker C:** You know, the incredibly silly argument Democrats make the minute they heard this, they were like, oh my God, Republicans are racist. They're turning back to Jim Crow days.

[28:10] **Speaker E:** And I—

[28:11] **Speaker C:** how is it not racist, not racist, to design a district just for Black people? I mean, I happen to be Jewish by birth, right? Should we design districts to have only Jewish people? Should we design districts to have only Muslims and districts to have only white people? Why is that not a non-racist thing that the Supreme Court just did? They undid years of racism. We should be colorblind The way that Martin Luther King said, you can't design a district to make it just for Black people. That's racist, right?

[28:45] **Speaker E:** Well, yeah. And the Supreme Court, they once again, they made a decision based on the law and the Constitution. And, you know, the Democrats, they're just in free fall right now. They have no message. And of course, they're going to throw everything that they can because that's all they know to do is to call people racist or to make things up or be on the wrong side of 80/20 issues. And so they are a party that is a toxic brand right now. And the Republican Party, we've just gotten a little better at figuring out how to be on the offense. You know, for so long we were on the defense. We were always on our heels defending. And, you know, and sometimes it was a little maybe taboo where we were scared to address some of these things. But the law is very clear. The Supreme Court made the right decision. And we're seeing it also being upheld in these states where they have gone in already and have you know, done some redistricting and they've been challenged and the Supreme Court has held it up. I mean, we see where the law is on our side. And so very clearly it was the right thing to do.

[29:42] **Speaker C:** Yes, it was. And, you know, look, no one is more pro-Republican and pro-Trump and pro-MAGA than I've been my whole life. But I see a couple of things that worry me, obviously, for the midterms. I mean, inflation is really hurting middle-class and working-class Americans. And the biggest problem is gas prices. And the war in Iran has certainly not helped the gas prices. And even though I'm a supporter of Trump going into Iran, I think it was something we needed to do. Those are issues that could hurt us come October, November. And so my question is, what is the Republican path to victory? What should we be doing? What's the argument to win the midterms?

[30:20] **Speaker E:** So listen, we feel very good going into the midterms. And you mentioned some issues. And right now, I mean, there are some things. I mean, President Trump had to go into Iran unequivocally. We could not let Iran have a nuclear weapon. And, you know, elections— November is a far, far time off. And it's a week in elections can make a big difference. And so, you know, I don't ever want to get ahead of the president on anything, but I feel certain that a lot of these issues are going to be worked out before the election. And if you just look at what he's done in his agenda in a short period of time, I mean, wages are up. You look at the job report. Reports last week. I mean, the positive stuff across the board. People are paying less for their rents. Inflation's down. And so we're hitting every single marker that you can possibly measure. And this other stuff, I have a feeling it's going to work itself out. I mean, nobody wants to be in Iran, I don't think, much longer. And again, you know, it doesn't behoove me to get ahead of our boss. But the bottom line is I think that the president had to go in. He had to do what was best and put America first. And hopefully this will be resolved in short order. It sounds like that we're all about over their games that they're playing in Iran. So the election's still far off and we feel very confident going into these midterms.

[31:35] **Speaker C:** The biggest problem for us, I think, is just that we've got the media against us. I mean, 100% arrayed against us other than, you know, conservative talk radio, Fox News, Newsmax, my network, Real America's Voice TV, OAN, almost everything that people watch, ABC, NBC, CBS, PBS, MSNOW, CNN are arrayed against us. All the newspapers are arrayed against us. And everywhere you go to look at news, you know, on your phone, on my iPhone, my kids on the iPhone, everything they see is tilted and slanted against us. So I agree with you that Trump's made some major strides in the economy. He's doing some great things. I think there's lots of shoots, you know what they call green shoots. The economy looks like it's going to explode. Positively, uh, right before the election, which would be great. But most people don't know it because they don't see it in the news. The good news is never reported and the bad news is accentuated. So I mean, that's the battle we always have is getting the message out.

[32:37] **Speaker E:** Yeah, you know, and I think President Trump has shown us, uh, during his campaign how effective he can be as a messenger and working around mainstream media. They're never going to be be for us, but we have the most effective messenger in President Trump. And what we have seen already is that he is committed to being in these target states. You know, we're just talking about a few races across the country that we have.

[32:59] **Speaker C:** Nevada, where I live.

[33:00] **Speaker E:** Yeah, exactly. Nevada is going to be one of the states we're going to be very active in. But you see, President Trump is out in those states. He's talking about, you know, his accomplishments and his administration's accomplishments. And, there's no better messenger than him at the top. And, you know, again, the Republican Party is just figuring out ways that we have to get around it. We know that the mainstream media is never going to tell the truth about us. They're never going to report in a positive light. They all have TDS so badly that they can't even highlight any of our great accomplishments. It's always negative. It's always bad. But one thing we have learned from President Trump is there are certainly ways outside of the mainstream media to communicate. And we will be doing that. And so again, we'll be— Chairman Gritters and myself, we do TV and radio all across the country. A lot of issues are localized. And, you know, for example, coming on like your show that's based in Nevada that has a national reach. I mean, we will all be out getting the message out because President Trump's policies work. And we need to make sure that we have a full 4 years of his administration.

[34:04] **Speaker C:** And of course, what's the alternative, Casey? Even if you don't love everything Trump does or even you don't love everything going on, Democrats are stark raving insane. I've never seen people so crazy, radical, communist, hate America, un-American, vowing that if they win, they're going to put us all in prison. They're crazy on the other side. You'd have to be nuts to vote for Democrats in the midterm and let them take power because they're going to just just paralyze our country with, with warfare and lawfare. It's, uh, it's really crazy. So I mean, I think we'll probably be okay and I think we'll win, but boy, we better act like we're losing and fight like cornered animals 24 hours a day. Gotta act like we're losing and just come from behind and win it all. Casey, we gotta run. The music's in my ear. Casey Crosby, co-chair of the RNC.

[34:51] **Speaker E:** Thank you for having me. Thank you.

[34:53] **Speaker C:** Appreciate you.

[34:54] **Speaker E:** See ya. Thank you for having me. Bye-bye.

[34:55] **Speaker C:** Okay. Bye-bye. We'll be right back. Wait out.

[35:04] **Speaker F:** What would you say if we told you you could reverse most any ailment or symptom without painful exercises in just 88 days?

[35:12] **Speaker C:** We have created the only patent-pending intercellular hydration protocol.

[35:16] **Speaker F:** Don't miss your opportunity to feel better. We know there's a lot of false hope out there, and many People have bought programs that work for a moment, but life's a lot longer than a moment.

[35:26] **Speaker C:** We have been helping people gain intercellular hydration for nearly 3 decades.

[35:31] **Speaker F:** You will lose fat, not weight, fat fast, including that killer visceral fat. Chronic dehydration is one of the root causes of many ailments and symptoms. Ask your doctor about Energized Health. Don't miss your opportunity to transform your health now.

[35:47] **Speaker C:** So log on to energizedhealth.com That's energizedhealth.com. Possible side effects may include increased joy, energy, potential reduction in prescriptions, more fulfilling relationships, fewer doctor visits, and overall improved quality of health and life.

[36:04] **Speaker G:** For 250 years, America has stood on independence, forged by determination, built by those who believed freedom was worth defending. Now, that same spirit lives on in stainless steel. The Bond Arms America 250th Edition handgun. American made. Precision crafted. And built like a tank. The smallest, most powerful personal protection you can carry. Built to honor our past. Designed to enjoy for generations. This is the finest in double barrel protection. The Bond Arms America 250th Edition handgun, precision crafted from stainless steel. Visit getbondarms.com to secure your America 250th Edition hand cannon.

[36:56] **Speaker A:** I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play and win from the comfort of your own home with hundreds of slot games and all of the table games you love with real cash prizes. Right now, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 for new users. It's all at spinquest.com. That's spinquest.com.

[37:18] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[37:26] **Speaker G:** Go to getbondarms.com or call 817-573-4455. 45.

[37:36] **Speaker C:** Hi, Wayne Alaroot for Z-CHA Genesis Medicine. Their CEO Dan Montano has been a guest on my show many times to discuss his company's medicines to reverse type 2 diabetes, reverse Parkinson's, and reverse heart disease. Over 300 patients have been dosed with their medicines during research studies, and all patients have shown great improvement with no adverse events reported. Supported. I know many of you have type 2 diabetes or Parkinson's or heart disease, or you know someone who does. So listen up, you could participate in one of their upcoming free medical research studies using their breakthrough medicines. They created a website just for my fans. Register now at cure-war.com. That's cure, C-U-R-E, dash war.com. Also, if you're interested in learning about their investment opportunities go to cure-war.com. Wouldn't it be great to make money and help cure diseases? Go to cure-war.com. All right, Wayne Ellerud, the root, the root, the roots on Fire, I'm looking at the Daily Mail and this story is not about a Chinese national, but it is about— the lead story is about a Chinese girl who was having an affair with a doctor in New Jersey, and the doctor is married and she's having an affair with him, and, uh, she winds up being like Glenn Close. She sends photos of his penis to his wife and his two sons at college and hands out flyers in front of his medical clinic to all of his customers to destroy his life because he decided to break it off with her. You know, we're talking about blackmail here. We're talking about extortion today because I wrote a commentary about all the politicians are being extorted and blackmailed. And I think a lot of it is happening with, uh, with Chinese spies and Chinese nationals. But this girl is an American Chinese girl and she did it to this doctor. We got a lot of problems in this country. And men, you know, you're gonna have to learn to keep it in your pants because Man, if you're a major politician, you're doing this pretty stupid, pretty stupid. Uh, next, LA mayor— you know what politicians don't realize? Back like 100 years ago and 50 years ago and 70 years ago, like John F. Kennedy days in the 1950s and 1960s, you could do whatever you wanted. John F. Kennedy had like 5,000 women in the White House, and Jackie didn't even know about it. Secret Service made sure she was out. Never did. You could do whatever you wanted. Today everyone's got a major camera in their hand and they could destroy your life in one second. You cannot do what you used to do as a politician or as a movie star or as a businessman. Nobody can do what they used to do and keep it secret anymore. I'm sure Errol Flynn could be with 1,000 women in 1,000 days and nobody would ever know. In 1926, but in, in 2026, everybody knows about every single one of them. So if you're looking to keep things secret, it ain't gonna happen. So you better wake up to the realities of what the world is like today, because we've seen the internet and texts and social media and Telegram, um, you know, and, and Zoom and Skype, uh, and, and don't forget TMZ. Everything is out there, everything. So anything you do can get out there. This is the good news. A poll shows support for Democrats slides as the critical midterms approach. American voters seem to be not so keen on Democrats as the crucial midterms loom, according to a recent CNN poll. Let's see the poll. I did look at this for the first time. I just downloaded. The poll finds registered voters closely split in their partisan preference ahead of the midterms, 45%. Saying they'd support a Democrat candidate for Congress, 42% Republican, 14% neither. Uh, a Harvard Harris poll found Republicans had shifted into a better position as they prepare for the midterms. Um, Jim Jordan in April simplified the battle for the midterms, saying the argument in favor of Republicans essentially comes down to one thing, as Breitbart News reported. Bloomberg reported Breitbart asked Jordan how Republicans can win the midterms. I think this election comes down to two sentences, Jordan said, and those sentences are: they're crazy and we're not. I agree. I agree with that, although I think Republicans are getting very little done. If you want to win, shouldn't you do something? It's a do-nothing Republican Senate, but at least we're not crazy. We're not insane. Insane. But can you imagine they can't pass the Save America Act? And I want to point out, right, I have a text waiting from my good friend John Goodman, who is the one who feeds me a lot of ideas about election integrity. And John says, Wayne, you keep harping on Save America Act, Save America, as if, if they suddenly were shamed into doing it 2 months from now, it would still be July, right? Or it might be late June. And it isn't like that would affect the election because Democrats will immediately sue and the lawsuit will get tied up in court and it will never get settled before the election. So they've effectively stalled long enough that it doesn't even matter now. He says you're arguing for something that wouldn't save us for the midterms. But I will argue, I will argue one thing, John. It may not save us in the midterms, but it might save you for 2028. And 2028 is the year that really matters because that's the year before the 2030 census. And whoever's in control will determine whether illegals are counted in the 2030 census, and it also will determine who wins the 2028 presidential election. So the Save America Act could still be very valuable and important to us, priceless to us, but probably realistically not for this 2026 midterm. What could work now is what I recommended at at the urging of John Goodman, right, my election integrity expert, which is a national security emergency declaration by President Donald J. Trump. That's what I recommended. That's what John Goodman swears will work. They can't oppose it. They can't stop it. They can oppose it. They can't stop it because, uh, Supreme Court already ruled, uh, back under Ronald Reagan that you can't undo a national security emergency declaration by president. Without a two-thirds vote of both houses of the United States Congress. So both the House and the Senate, two-thirds vote to override it, cannot happen. No way in a million years will it happen. So Trump declares that national security emergency and everything's okay before the election. It works before October. The SAVE Act will not work before October because Democrats will tie it up in court. Simple as that. All right, uh, we're working on getting Spencer Pratt of as a guest on here. I hope we'll have him in the next week or two. Uh, just turns out one of my friends just texted me and his wife's best friends with Spencer Pratt's wife. So I'm hoping to get Spencer on this show because I think, uh, he'd be great as the next mayor of Los Angeles. Uh, Bond Arms, the sponsor of this show, we have a gun worthy of President Trump's 250th anniversary. Finally, the Bond Arms America 250 Edition handgun, American-made, precision-crafted, built like a tank. Performs like a hand cannon, takes shotgun shells. The smallest, most powerful personal protection handgun you could possibly carry. Go to getbondarms.com. It's only $499. For fans of Wayne Root, $499 at getbondarms.com. You save $100. getbondarms.com. Have a great night. See you tomorrow. God bless. Bye-bye. Hi, this is Wayne Alaroot for Amio Life. You all know how much I value my health and how much I support hardworking patriotic companies fighting to help Americans each and every day. One of my favorite companies is Amio Life. Amio joins me in fighting for freedom and supporting the natural health of families across America. I use their alkaline structured silver solution 3 times a day, natural silver mouthwash and silver gel on my face each night, and silver lozenges all throughout my show. It's all part of my daily wellness routine. The good The folks at AmioLife realize that inflation is hitting hard right now, so they're offering my listeners— get this— a special 50% discount on their entire product line. Good, clean, natural health should be available to everyone, no matter what. Visit amiolife.com— that's amiolife.com— and use the promo code ROOT50 to save 50%, or give them a call at 800-422-8148. Remember to say ROOT50 to receive 50% off, toll-free.

[46:16] **Speaker A:** 800-422-8148. Whether it's slots or live dealers, spinquest.com has the fun and action you're looking for with Spin Quest exclusives: blackjack, roulette, baccarat, and even live dice with craps and bubble craps. The games never stop so you don't have to, and right now new users get $30 coin packs for just $10. Play now at spinquest.com.

[46:40] **Speaker B:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.
