# THE RISE OF SPENCER PRATT: From Reality TV Punchline to Internet Mastermind

**Show:** Lionel Nation
**Date Published:** 2026-05-30
**Date Found:** 2026-05-30
**URL:** https://lionelmedia.com/the-rise-of-spencer-pratt-from-reality-tv-punchline-to-internet-mastermind/?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 41 minutes

## Summary

This 41-minute episode of Lionel Nation mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Lionel Nation

## Key Moment

> "It was a study on a new thing which fascinated me today, which I wanted to show you and share with you. And it was— and this, this does my heart good, whatever that makes— whatever that means— regarding the end of the left and the right. And there was a woman by the name of Candace Owens, and I don't think people understand kind of how this is changing. She is merging, she is bringing people together who would not normally be I mean, people with huge numbers. See, people still don't understand. People still think that YouTube is like, eh, like nobody cares. It's bigger than anything you can imagine. And the people and these numbers are beyond anything that people can imagine. So for the first time, if I can get people who are brought together, who are brought together for something that is a shared belief, if you will. And if you brought them together and we realize that left and right doesn't make any sense, it doesn't, it doesn't hold any weight anymore, it doesn't have any— there's no need for this. There's— it doesn't— this will transform tremendously the landscape of the entire spectrum. It will change everything. Like, you can't believe it will change everything. And so consequently, when you listen to them— Candace recently had on Hunter Biden and Anna Kasparian, two people who were left, if you will, But when they found common ground, it brought people left and right together. And once they were there, they realized, you know what, maybe we're not as different as possible. So without any further ado, I present this kind of portion. This is an argument, a take that I have. Regarding it, which I think is of fascinating note. It's something which I think you would— well, I hope you will find most interesting. Difficult things for people to grasp is the idea that when it comes to politics, I don't hate anyone. I don't hate. I think there are some things that the president is doing which is so boneheaded, it's not even funny thinking, what are you, what are you, what are you doing? But what does that mean? I'm not some bootlicker, some lickspittle, some toady, some obsequious fawning little twit who loves everything he does is great. No, not everything he does is great. Not everything, uh, he does is terrific. But I don't hate, because the minute you hate somebody The minute you hate, you lose it. You lose it. In fact, during professional fights, people who are trying to brain damage each other, they don't hate. They don't hate. And by the way, let me also tell you, this is a very, very important message. I want you to do me a favor. Mrs. L, my beloved, Lynn's Warriors, is absolutely, positively, 100% out of some kind of a control thing she is doing— the most incredible! She had a— she had an interview today which was so moving, so moving. A parent who lost their child to not any of like just purchasing— never, by the way, please tell your kids: Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, repeat, never, never, ever buy anything on the internet that's pill, that's an aspirin, that's— do they have Midol anymore? Remember Midol? Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever do that. And when you hear a parent whose heart is broken— good kids, great families, strong, traditional, Christian, American, whatever you want to call it— and they're gone. Because there's something so, so— just remember that, which is a very, very critical thing. I know people always say, well, my kids are taught— no, no, no, stop, stop. People, kids are not bad. Kids are not bad. You know, every now and then sometimes I'll think to myself, maybe you've done it as well, where I thought to myself, you know, so many times during the It's weird. In my, my wizened years, I find myself thinking all of a sudden, I'll be talking to somebody and lo and behold, I'll think of something where I could have been killed. I could have, I could have lost an eye. I could have been— I, I can for the life of me remember, uh, I had a Crossman pellet gun. I was in my bedroom. I put a TV guide up against this They used to have these pillows in the '60s. It was like this, it was a pillow with these arms, it looked like an octopus kind of. And I put this, I put this TV Guide and a pellet pump Crossman. It's paper, don't ask me why. It hit the, the magazine, came back hit my— I mean, it wasn't that— well, but could have blinded me. I wasn't really hurt, but through the luck of God, I can't even tell you the other stuff. Anyway, could have been arrested, could have been— and I turned out to be a very good kid, very good kid, very good kid. Did well in school, you know, ran for stuff, and oh my God, I was really good. Never got in trouble. But today, today And I could also never, ever, ever— can you imagine if you had pictures at— do they have, do they have, do they even have bachelor parties? Have you ever been to a bachelor party where you thought, I think we should really go, this is not good, this is, this is like a scene from Caligula, this is not— something's wrong here. There weren't pictures then. So anyway, make a long story short, please follow Mrs. L, Lynne's Warriors, @lynnewarriors. And I ask you because you've been so, so very kind to me. Now let's talk about a couple of things which I find fascinating. First of all, I hope you saw on my channel, on my YouTube channel, I did— I devoted, I devoted a, uh, a piece to where I thought, you know, Erica Kirk is a pain in the neck, but I think somebody might be a little— this is where we say, where I say no. It's some— she, uh, was alleged to have been with this, uh, Wynn guy. He's a nephew of Steve Wynn in Las Vegas. And, uh, you know, oh, she's— is she dating? Is she moving on? If she is, so what? It's her business. She didn't say she wasn't. This is why I say, now wait a minute, hold it, hold it, hold it, lest you think I'm just all over her for every little thing that she does wrong. You never know what somebody's going to do in grief. You never know what somebody's going to do, you know. And she went through grief. Now, the way— what she did in addition does not negate the grief because she had nothing to do with that. We'll talk about some other stuff in a moment, which is another story. But what I'm saying is, so I went through this and I was very, very careful in saying that I really think it's a good idea for people not to necessarily jump on everything that she does, because if she decides later on that she wants to date or marry again, that's her business. That's— that is nobody's concern, and I mean nobody's concern. Nobody's Period. End of discussion. She doesn't owe anybody anything. She's not— you know, you may have seen this before, but there are some folks who, believe it or not, they have— there are folks whose, whose parents, let's say, divorce, or God forbid, maybe a parent passes away, and a child is saying, why is mom dating? That's— that can be absolutely, positively just riveting to a, to a child. I mean, really, seriously, it can be very, very, very frightening and scary and something that— so, but we're not children. She doesn't— how do I say this— she doesn't owe us anything. She is not in any way, uh, beholden to anybody. So that is one thing where I think people can say, all right, enough is enough, okay? Enough is enough. Let's not get carried away. That being said, what is still going on regarding the rest of the the, the world, so to speak, is a different story completely. Completely. Okay. And that's what I want to discuss, which is very, very important. First and foremost, the interviews that Candace held with Hunter Biden and with Anna Kasparian are sheer gold. My heart sings. I sing. Let me tell you why. First, I hate political parties. I hate the idea of a party. I hate the political notion that my— the complex nature of my belief system is going to be put into two different categories: left or right, blue or red. Doesn't work like that. I've never understood it. Never. They're obsolete. I don't know what the Republican Party is doing today offering me other than this iteration, other than not being the Democratic Party when it comes to foreign policy, it's absurd. So first, first and foremost, Candace Owens— some people are trying so hard. You don't have to remember, she's not a relative. Nobody is marrying her. Nobody, you You don't have to love her. She is— I mean, you can feel tremendous amount of closeness, but she's a very, very smart person. Very, very smart people are complicated. Very, very stupid people are complicated too. She has done something where she has been able to navigate in a way that is absolutely incredible. You know who else I've enjoyed? I've kind of reached out a little bit to where we just became kind of a chat friend, a little bit, you know, is Buckley Carlson, Tucker's brother. And I like his style, and I've always liked— they seem to be— I just like them. And I like smart, and they're definitely smart. And when we're chatting about different things and chatting about how everything is changing— and I don't know about you, but let me give you an analogy. When I was younger, I remember I've always loved the music. And I've always loved to see the transition of music. You start off with something that you think you know, and you end up with something that I don't know what it is. Country music, jazz. You can go from country music, from hardcore Jimmy Rogers, The Breakman, to— and that is hardcore— and then modernize it with Hank Williams. That was the Beatles. Wow, a different style. What is this style? And then later on, the Opry. And then later on, uh, Roy Acuff saying, we will never have drums, we will never have— and then Johnny Cash comes, he's like this with Ring of Fire, he's got a mariachi band. And then came in no particular order in the '70s. Willie Nelson, Tom Paul Glaser, Waylon, uh, the, uh, kind of like the, the quote, the Outlaws, Outlaws from Nashville. And then came Bob Wills, and then came Roy, Ray Benson to the Asleep at the Wheel, who's still doing western swing. And then came Honky Tonk and Lefty Frizzell, and then came the first lady of country music, Kitty Wells. And then that broke up. So now you have— what's her name— Ella, the young girl who I think is going to probably end up marrying Theo Vaughn one day. She's got it. She brings a new kind of a spunk and a new— it's very, very, very oldish. So what I'm saying is, you— it's great to see this thing. And the old-timers say, that's not country, that's not country. Waylon Jennings got very upset when they had— they were called the CMA Awards. He called it Country My Ass. That was his, his joke. Excuse me. So then, thank you. So then Charlie Rich, remember Thank God I'm a Country Boy? Bob Denver, John Denver. Bob Denver's Gilligan. John Denver and, um, Charlie Rich lit the— they're the answer. I mean Okay, that's that. Same thing with jazz. I'm not gonna go through that. We have been rewriting and readdressing political parties and the Republican Party, which I am never going to become a member of a party. Never. I am independent. I am a red, and I'm not doing it for any particular reason other than I, I have to find something I have to find something that I can adhere to that— I don't know. And I have to have to be able to vote in, you know, general elections. I don't care about primaries. I don't really care. And I don't care. Okay, okay. So here comes Candace. So Candace comes along and she pretty much represented, at least initially, what people would call— what many people would call and what I consider to be a kind of a conservative viewpoint. Conservative in that she is a prototypical right, not right-wing, but whatever name you want to call it. And then things kind of changed. Trump came along. Trump was okay. Trump was great. I want to make Trump Trump again. The Trump of 2016 is not the Trump now. I don't know who he is now. He does some things which— have you seen what they're doing to the White House? The White House grounds, the proper— it looks like a carnival. Have you ever noticed, like, sometimes you'll, you'll be on like Route 3 in Jersey, sometimes in the, in the MetLife Arena, they have a carnival that pops up or some flea market or— that's what the White House looks like. It looks horrible with this UFC and all. It looks like trash. It looks like, what is this? A federal judge today ruled that you can't call the Kennedy Center the Trump Center. You can't do it. So he's, you know, he's just having fun. Okay, doesn't mean I'm abandoning him, but, but I don't like this. Don't like this. Same for, same for Candace. So Candace came along and she met— all of a sudden she, she, she ran into this Ben Shapiro. You notice how Ben Shapiro is nowhere to be found. He is absolutely, positively, 100%. By the way, uh, somebody asked my age. I'll be 68 in August, so that's my 60— it's my 68th year on this planet as I circle the sun. So anyway, for the, for the longest time, there, there was this thing where she was doing great, and then Ben Shapiro, and then that, that, uh, that Daily Wire business, and then the Prager— poor Dennis Prager. Now, I, I wouldn't wish that. He like broke his neck or something. He is paralyzed, and it's so sad. But she started to utter and say her opinions regarding Israel. And that was a different story. That changed everything. That absolutely, positively, 100% started to make the difference. That's when we say, nay, nay, nay, nay. You could disagree on anything else you want. You could disagree about economic policy. You could disagree about, uh, you disagree about war. Maybe, but not Israel, not whatever the, the, the, the official— basically the whatever this, this is acquiescence. You just whatever they say. Okay, that started it. Other things came along. Tucker Blunt. Tucker said, what's he doing now? Then Tucker said, wait a minute. And both of them, by the way, all of a sudden said— and I don't want to speak for them, but they had, I would think, profound religious moments where they came to, um, where they really came to appreciate a, a, an, well, an appreciation for, for the faith. Candace is Catholic, Tucker is more whatever it is. And it's— they are looking for this. Uh, Tucker had an interesting interview with a priest from the Eastern Orthodox, Eastern Rite. Fascinating about whatever. All right, so that was it. So that, that was their moment. That was their Saul, uh, on the road to Damascus before he became Paul. That was this moment. Okay, then that happened to come in. And then Candace in particular started to butt heads with the official theology, so to speak, the ideology, the official philosophy of Americans' participation regarding the Middle East and regarding, uh, Israel and regarding what people call AIPAC, but with the government of Israel, the official— actually, the government of Bibi Netanyahu and Likud and but that not Jewish people— we've said this, this is, this is redundant, this is, this is the point now where it's like I'm, I'm just repeating myself— not to the point where— how do I say this— not, not about the faith itself, but regarding the Abrahamic. Okay, then it all started before that. Candace decided— she took very great umbrage, great, at Brigitte Macron. And I believe one of the reasons for this— I don't want to speak for her, but I believe that one of the reasons why she did this was that she believes that Brigitte Macron was a predator, or predatorix, or predator, depending upon what it is. And That didn't sit right, so she exercised her belief system. It wasn't really— I don't know what Candace thought before that. I was aware of her, but I did not follow her. So this, that's kind of when I started to pick up involvement in this, and it started— it just, we were off and running. And when something starts to trend, when something becomes popular It just takes off, and that was it. And that was it. And she, she basically— what she also did was she didn't just say, okay, I disagree with you. She said, I'm taking you on full frontal. I'm going for the throat. You don't know who you're messing with here. That, that serious. I mean, really. And people loved it, the tenacity. Now frankly, at the time, it was never a subject that riveted me, I don't know, but it fascinated me. Everything happened and everything was okay. Two things happened, October 7th, but 12:23, I believe, right? And then September the 10th of last year. And then it was an— it was an explosion. It was an explosion. It was an explosion the likes of which I have never seen. It is an explosion the likes of which I have never seen before. It was an implosion. It was something like, you know, one of the things which is important— people will say this, they will say that, and I use the word perhaps maybe too much, but I like the term concatenation. And concatenation is a layering. It shows you the complexity of something. It shows how serious this is. It's this plus this plus this, and we were off and running. Then they decided to come after her, and Ben Shapiro decided, "Don't worry, guys. I've got this one. Hold my beer. I'll take care of her. This isn't going to take long." It's the way we thought about the Vietnam War. Don't worry. We won't be here long. Don't worry, it's no big deal. I'll take care of this. I got this. I got it. I got it. Okay. All right. I don't think they have it. It blew up. Now imagine if, if the— where's my— the whatever it is, my, my, my I've got my, my globe. Anyway, imagine this is the issue. You've got Candace, you've got Tucker, you've got the ICC, the ICJ, you've got the world, and something happened now, and I don't know what it was. Gaza was always there, but that changed this time. And then you had Max Blumenthal, and Aaron Mate, and Katie Halpern, and Abby Martin, and Judge Napolitano, who has been absolutely the focal point, the epicenter of Brilliant, Gerald Celente, you know the routine, Mearsheimer and others, and Colonel McGregor, and it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. And the world saw this, and it was almost like— and I'm not gonna say, and I don't— it was a everybody, but everybody jumped in on this. I have talked to everyone, everyone. Mrs. L will tell you, young people, old people, um, left, Democrat. We have loads of Democratic friends, loads. Never a problem. I, I, I don't, I don't have a litmus test for friends. And everybody says this— what's going on with Israel? Uh-uh. Iran? I don't get it. I don't get it. And then the other day, Jonathan Pollard says, oh, we're going to go after Lebanon and then Egypt. Did you hear this? Did you hear this? It's like, wait a minute, what? It is nuts, nuts. If you're not saying, wait a minute, you're gonna do what? Would you expect us to do this? Oh yeah, Lebanon next, Hezbollah. Wait a minute, what? This isn't even done yet. All right, stop. So here's this Candace, so she takes a break. She meets with Hunter Biden. Hunter Biden is 100% an addict. Is he a nice guy? Probably not, because there's a spoiled part to him. I've heard some of the stories about You don't know what it is. I don't need any more friends, but he is an addict. He is an addict. Göring was, was an addict big time until they weaned his ass off and he lost. I want you to see what I'm saying. Some people are addicts. They really are. There were people— I don't want to go, I don't want to remind people, but there are people sometimes on TV, others who are whatever, and you might be good, you might be bad, you never know about this. Did you know that there are places where priests and nuns go? Alcoholic nuns. I don't know why that always fascinated me as a kid. Imagine that. Can you imagine alcoholic nuns? What does that look like? What does that look like? Can you imagine some— oh, where did they get drugs? Anyway, anyway, anyway, so what I'm saying and what's critical to note more than anything else is that he is an addict, and there are people that you know You may be one now, or have one, or you might have been one. And it is something that goes into your head and into the mechanisms, into the wiring, rewires everything, almost like it's a virus, almost like mRNA. It's a virus. It out It, it, it, it, it rewires, refits, reconnects dopamine, serotonin levels. It forever changes you. Nora Volkoff is so fascinating. Her grandfather or great-grand— must be great-grandfather— was Leon Trotsky. She was raised in the house where he was assassinated by one of Stalin's guys with like a like an ice pickers or ice. Anyway, it is so wild because they take addicts and they put them under imaging, brain imaging, and they would do something where they would, they would get some information about where they would score their drugs, and they would merely show this person a picture of the corner where they used to go, and their brains are going, and screaming for the drugs, screaming just on the sight of it. Just— it was so powerful. And to have them completely lose that connection— that's why I've always— I wish Bobby Kennedy the best, but don't be surprised if he truly was an addict, which he says he was. That wiring is always there. So Hunter Biden, as despicable— and, and addicts do terrible, awful things. They're not nice. They don't know anything. They're, they're— everything they do is for in the fulfillment of this thing. They They don't know any better. They don't know. They— well, they do, but they— Nora Volkoff says that when they get into the idea of the withdrawal, it's like starvation. Starvation, where they have to— okay, Hunter spoke, I think, eloquently. I think he was sincere. He could also be a moral degenerate separate from the addiction. He could be a dirtbag. He could be one of these people who thinks he's entitled to it because he's a Biden. I don't know. I'm not vouching for the guy as being a good person, but it was something that was so incredibly refreshing, and it was— and, and Guess what happened? First thing is somebody suggesting Candus did this just because, just because she's trying to gain favor with Delaware judges because her case with Macron is regarding Delaware and maybe the appointment of judges or what have you. Jill Biden has now come forward. She says, wait a minute. At first she thought, I thought Joe Biden was having a stroke. And then she says, I think he was drugged. Now let me tell you something. I don't know about you, and I don't say this as a religious person, I'm not. I'm talking to you as a sentient human being who's had friends and family and knows what it's like to see him just devolve. And Trump, to his credit, did not, you know, attack him, but he didn't know what he was saying. It, it was so utterly sad. And to hear these people say he's sharp as a tack. So Jill Biden, why do you think Jill Biden came forward? Because she and others are given a new lease because Candace Owens just rewrote the rules regarding politics. What was left is now left, as in left behind. It's a different world now. It's a different world. It's a different world. Then Anna Kasparian— Anna Kasparian, by the way, an Armenian. The name I-A-N, you know, Andrea Martin. And anyway, Uh, remember Mike Connors? Remember Mannix? I think he was an Armenian. Who is she with? A Turk. Oh my God, they talk about genocide. She's a little, you know. And the Armenians are an interesting people. I remember one time we went to an Armenian wedding. Remember that one? We didn't sit down. Say, what the hell are we doing here? It's like they came out with every— it was fascinating. But it's like the wedding was like, let me sit down. No, there's nobody. That's like I'm from the Catholic tradition. We, we get up, we sit down, we kneel, we kind of mix it up. Anyway, Anna Kasparian used to annoy the living out of me because she was just always so obnoxious. It's like she was the first person to say, and you know what I think? I think theft is wrong. Oh, you just figured that out? It's like everything was a, was a, uh, it's a revelation. She was the first person. You ever see mothers who get pregnant, all of a sudden they're the first woman, I'm breastfeeding. I know, it's been done before. It's, it's mammalian. Well, she thought she was the first person, and she and— I used to call him Junk Yogurt. He's— now don't be mis— don't be confused. They have a left side of them that is bananas. This Karen Bass case, this, this, uh, this, this, um, election in LA is just nuts. Anyway, She sits down with Candace, and when they spoke about Israel and Gaza and Palestine, it was, it was like nothing else mattered. And it was a meeting of the minds. And believe me, you could hear the huh all over the world. And I don't know what that word is. I don't know what it conveys. I don't know what it connotes. 'But you know what I'm talking about.' Haha. Well, I mean, I know. Haha. Huh. Well, what do you know? You're not so bad after all. And then junk yogurt, you know, he used to go janking about. 'Ah, master.' I'd say, 'You know what, he's not so bad.' I don't know anybody, nobody who says, Did you— if you see one debate, see Walt and Mearsheimer debate Victoria Nuland and Mike Pompeo. OMG, as the kids would say. It was— they were slaughtered. And Victoria Nuland is not even for the war in Iran. Nobody But nobody is saying, you just go in there, President Trump, and whatever it takes, whatever billions, you just give it. I don't care if we used up every bit of our boutique weaponry. You do whatever you have to do to get that job done, because these evil Iranians must be stopped, because they theoretically could end our— huh. And there you have it, a kind of an interesting take, I hope, an adumbration of sorts, uh, kind of a review of what's going on. And I think— well, I hope you'll find it interesting. The music, the music tonight is very interesting. Today, whatever today is, Rick Wakeman and the English Rock Ensemble turned Starship Trooper, as is written here, into a sprawling progressive rock spectacle at the Fairport, uh, CropReady— CropReady Convention 2024. Wakeman's signature keyboard wizardry fused perfectly with soaring guitar work and symphonic flourishes. He is still something that people just do not understand in terms of how great he is. He is not normal. He is not a, he is not a mere mortal. He is something that frankly is very difficult for us to, to kind of grasp because very rarely does somebody of this nature and this stature, very rarely do they, do they arise. And we certainly have seen it here in this case. Rick Wakeman, and what a raconteur. Uh, watch Rick Beato, who can barely get a word in. It's, it's wonderful. It is so fascinating. Um, in any event, the article today, by the way, is The Rise— and this is, this is the most important— the, the, the rise, dare I say, of this a wonderful story about Spencer Pratt and why he is catching on and why, why he might be, I think, hope for Los Angeles. How anybody could possibly— I mean this— how anybody could have, could possibly, could have possibly not see what he's talking about, I don't know. Knowing a little bit about— look, Here in New York, say what you want, it— people say, oh, it's so bad. There's nothing like this in LA, not in New York, nothing. There is nothing yet anywhere near what we're seeing in LA. In LA, it is beyond horrid, beyond anything that anybody could even imagine. And what's also interesting to note is that there are people coming forward, the usual suspects: Samuel L. Jackson, Jane Fonda, Oh my God. And you got to ask yourself, how does this even work? How could they in their right mind do that? So anyway, I find it fascinating because maybe it goes to show you this might be the end of certain progressive, um, nonsense. Maybe, maybe the end of this horror show, because that's what it is. Look, a little bit of progressive isn't bad. I think some of the best things that I feel in terms of certain beliefs, in terms of equality or equity or whatever you want— don't call it equity, but you know what I'm saying— people being treated fairly, not, not treated the same, but treated fairly with a certain degree of due process. I think all of that makes some sense. But more importantly, there's something which is another issue, and that is the idea that When you have people who are systematically hell-bent, at least ostensibly, on destroying the structure of a city or a country or a civilization, you have to ask yourself, how is this allowed to happen? How is this allowed? How do people, rational people, do this? What am I missing here? What do they know that I don't know? If that makes any sense. Does that make, what do they know that we don't know? And the answer is nothing. The answer is absolutely, positively nothing. So you are going to see, I hope, I hope that what we're seeing is a harbinger of change, a harbinger of progressives really maybe returning to what progressive politics is about and not this destruction, this self-immolation of society. I mean, it doesn't make any sense. Look, I can argue a lot of things, both sides. I really can. I can argue pro or con abortion, pro or con death penalty, pro or con war sometimes, but I can't understand The deliberate allowing of a great city to be destroyed internally by virtue of— by forces that you know are horrid. In any event, dear friends, I thank you. Have a great and a wonderful day. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much for being a part of this. And thank you so much, by the way, for being always there, always so kind. And until we meet again, remember the monkeys— well, not the monkeys dead. No, no, I got the wrong, uh, the wrong denouement. Or the wrong valedictory. This is a comment. That's right, comment as you see fit."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "It was a study on a new thing which fascinated me today, which I wanted to show you and share with you. And it was— and this, this does my heart good, whatever that makes— whatever that means— regarding the end of the left and the right. And there was a woman by the name of Candace Owens, and I don't think people understand kind of how this is changing. She is merging, she is bringing people together who would not normally be I mean, people with huge numbers. See, people still don't understand. People still think that YouTube is like, eh, like nobody cares. It's bigger than anything you can imagine. And the people and these numbers are beyond anything that people can imagine. So for the first time, if I can get people who are brought together, who are brought together for something that is a shared belief, if you will. And if you brought them together and we realize that left and right doesn't make any sense, it doesn't, it doesn't hold any weight anymore, it doesn't have any— there's no need for this. There's— it doesn't— this will transform tremendously the landscape of the entire spectrum. It will change everything. Like, you can't believe it will change everything. And so consequently, when you listen to them— Candace recently had on Hunter Biden and Anna Kasparian, two people who were left, if you will, But when they found common ground, it brought people left and right together. And once they were there, they realized, you know what, maybe we're not as different as possible. So without any further ado, I present this kind of portion. This is an argument, a take that I have. Regarding it, which I think is of fascinating note. It's something which I think you would— well, I hope you will find most interesting. Difficult things for people to grasp is the idea that when it comes to politics, I don't hate anyone. I don't hate. I think there are some things that the president is doing which is so boneheaded, it's not even funny thinking, what are you, what are you, what are you doing? But what does that mean? I'm not some bootlicker, some lickspittle, some toady, some obsequious fawning little twit who loves everything he does is great. No, not everything he does is great. Not everything, uh, he does is terrific. But I don't hate, because the minute you hate somebody The minute you hate, you lose it. You lose it. In fact, during professional fights, people who are trying to brain damage each other, they don't hate. They don't hate. And by the way, let me also tell you, this is a very, very important message. I want you to do me a favor. Mrs. L, my beloved, Lynn's Warriors, is absolutely, positively, 100% out of some kind of a control thing she is doing— the most incredible! She had a— she had an interview today which was so moving, so moving. A parent who lost their child to not any of like just purchasing— never, by the way, please tell your kids: Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, repeat, never, never, ever buy anything on the internet that's pill, that's an aspirin, that's— do they have Midol anymore? Remember Midol? Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever do that. And when you hear a parent whose heart is broken— good kids, great families, strong, traditional, Christian, American, whatever you want to call it— and they're gone. Because there's something so, so— just remember that, which is a very, very critical thing. I know people always say, well, my kids are taught— no, no, no, stop, stop. People, kids are not bad. Kids are not bad. You know, every now and then sometimes I'll think to myself, maybe you've done it as well, where I thought to myself, you know, so many times during the It's weird. In my, my wizened years, I find myself thinking all of a sudden, I'll be talking to somebody and lo and behold, I'll think of something where I could have been killed. I could have, I could have lost an eye. I could have been— I, I can for the life of me remember, uh, I had a Crossman pellet gun. I was in my bedroom. I put a TV guide up against this They used to have these pillows in the '60s. It was like this, it was a pillow with these arms, it looked like an octopus kind of. And I put this, I put this TV Guide and a pellet pump Crossman. It's paper, don't ask me why. It hit the, the magazine, came back hit my— I mean, it wasn't that— well, but could have blinded me. I wasn't really hurt, but through the luck of God, I can't even tell you the other stuff. Anyway, could have been arrested, could have been— and I turned out to be a very good kid, very good kid, very good kid. Did well in school, you know, ran for stuff, and oh my God, I was really good. Never got in trouble. But today, today And I could also never, ever, ever— can you imagine if you had pictures at— do they have, do they have, do they even have bachelor parties? Have you ever been to a bachelor party where you thought, I think we should really go, this is not good, this is, this is like a scene from Caligula, this is not— something's wrong here. There weren't pictures then. So anyway, make a long story short, please follow Mrs. L, Lynne's Warriors, @lynnewarriors. And I ask you because you've been so, so very kind to me. Now let's talk about a couple of things which I find fascinating. First of all, I hope you saw on my channel, on my YouTube channel, I did— I devoted, I devoted a, uh, a piece to where I thought, you know, Erica Kirk is a pain in the neck, but I think somebody might be a little— this is where we say, where I say no. It's some— she, uh, was alleged to have been with this, uh, Wynn guy. He's a nephew of Steve Wynn in Las Vegas. And, uh, you know, oh, she's— is she dating? Is she moving on? If she is, so what? It's her business. She didn't say she wasn't. This is why I say, now wait a minute, hold it, hold it, hold it, lest you think I'm just all over her for every little thing that she does wrong. You never know what somebody's going to do in grief. You never know what somebody's going to do, you know. And she went through grief. Now, the way— what she did in addition does not negate the grief because she had nothing to do with that. We'll talk about some other stuff in a moment, which is another story. But what I'm saying is, so I went through this and I was very, very careful in saying that I really think it's a good idea for people not to necessarily jump on everything that she does, because if she decides later on that she wants to date or marry again, that's her business. That's— that is nobody's concern, and I mean nobody's concern. Nobody's Period. End of discussion. She doesn't owe anybody anything. She's not— you know, you may have seen this before, but there are some folks who, believe it or not, they have— there are folks whose, whose parents, let's say, divorce, or God forbid, maybe a parent passes away, and a child is saying, why is mom dating? That's— that can be absolutely, positively just riveting to a, to a child. I mean, really, seriously, it can be very, very, very frightening and scary and something that— so, but we're not children. She doesn't— how do I say this— she doesn't owe us anything. She is not in any way, uh, beholden to anybody. So that is one thing where I think people can say, all right, enough is enough, okay? Enough is enough. Let's not get carried away. That being said, what is still going on regarding the rest of the the, the world, so to speak, is a different story completely. Completely. Okay. And that's what I want to discuss, which is very, very important. First and foremost, the interviews that Candace held with Hunter Biden and with Anna Kasparian are sheer gold. My heart sings. I sing. Let me tell you why. First, I hate political parties. I hate the idea of a party. I hate the political notion that my— the complex nature of my belief system is going to be put into two different categories: left or right, blue or red. Doesn't work like that. I've never understood it. Never. They're obsolete. I don't know what the Republican Party is doing today offering me other than this iteration, other than not being the Democratic Party when it comes to foreign policy, it's absurd. So first, first and foremost, Candace Owens— some people are trying so hard. You don't have to remember, she's not a relative. Nobody is marrying her. Nobody, you You don't have to love her. She is— I mean, you can feel tremendous amount of closeness, but she's a very, very smart person. Very, very smart people are complicated. Very, very stupid people are complicated too. She has done something where she has been able to navigate in a way that is absolutely incredible. You know who else I've enjoyed? I've kind of reached out a little bit to where we just became kind of a chat friend, a little bit, you know, is Buckley Carlson, Tucker's brother. And I like his style, and I've always liked— they seem to be— I just like them. And I like smart, and they're definitely smart. And when we're chatting about different things and chatting about how everything is changing— and I don't know about you, but let me give you an analogy. When I was younger, I remember I've always loved the music. And I've always loved to see the transition of music. You start off with something that you think you know, and you end up with something that I don't know what it is. Country music, jazz. You can go from country music, from hardcore Jimmy Rogers, The Breakman, to— and that is hardcore— and then modernize it with Hank Williams. That was the Beatles. Wow, a different style. What is this style? And then later on, the Opry. And then later on, uh, Roy Acuff saying, we will never have drums, we will never have— and then Johnny Cash comes, he's like this with Ring of Fire, he's got a mariachi band. And then came in no particular order in the '70s. Willie Nelson, Tom Paul Glaser, Waylon, uh, the, uh, kind of like the, the quote, the Outlaws, Outlaws from Nashville. And then came Bob Wills, and then came Roy, Ray Benson to the Asleep at the Wheel, who's still doing western swing. And then came Honky Tonk and Lefty Frizzell, and then came the first lady of country music, Kitty Wells. And then that broke up. So now you have— what's her name— Ella, the young girl who I think is going to probably end up marrying Theo Vaughn one day. She's got it. She brings a new kind of a spunk and a new— it's very, very, very oldish. So what I'm saying is, you— it's great to see this thing. And the old-timers say, that's not country, that's not country. Waylon Jennings got very upset when they had— they were called the CMA Awards. He called it Country My Ass. That was his, his joke. Excuse me. So then, thank you. So then Charlie Rich, remember Thank God I'm a Country Boy? Bob Denver, John Denver. Bob Denver's Gilligan. John Denver and, um, Charlie Rich lit the— they're the answer. I mean Okay, that's that. Same thing with jazz. I'm not gonna go through that. We have been rewriting and readdressing political parties and the Republican Party, which I am never going to become a member of a party. Never. I am independent. I am a red, and I'm not doing it for any particular reason other than I, I have to find something I have to find something that I can adhere to that— I don't know. And I have to have to be able to vote in, you know, general elections. I don't care about primaries. I don't really care. And I don't care. Okay, okay. So here comes Candace. So Candace comes along and she pretty much represented, at least initially, what people would call— what many people would call and what I consider to be a kind of a conservative viewpoint. Conservative in that she is a prototypical right, not right-wing, but whatever name you want to call it. And then things kind of changed. Trump came along. Trump was okay. Trump was great. I want to make Trump Trump again. The Trump of 2016 is not the Trump now. I don't know who he is now. He does some things which— have you seen what they're doing to the White House? The White House grounds, the proper— it looks like a carnival. Have you ever noticed, like, sometimes you'll, you'll be on like Route 3 in Jersey, sometimes in the, in the MetLife Arena, they have a carnival that pops up or some flea market or— that's what the White House looks like. It looks horrible with this UFC and all. It looks like trash. It looks like, what is this? A federal judge today ruled that you can't call the Kennedy Center the Trump Center. You can't do it. So he's, you know, he's just having fun. Okay, doesn't mean I'm abandoning him, but, but I don't like this. Don't like this. Same for, same for Candace. So Candace came along and she met— all of a sudden she, she, she ran into this Ben Shapiro. You notice how Ben Shapiro is nowhere to be found. He is absolutely, positively, 100%. By the way, uh, somebody asked my age. I'll be 68 in August, so that's my 60— it's my 68th year on this planet as I circle the sun. So anyway, for the, for the longest time, there, there was this thing where she was doing great, and then Ben Shapiro, and then that, that, uh, that Daily Wire business, and then the Prager— poor Dennis Prager. Now, I, I wouldn't wish that. He like broke his neck or something. He is paralyzed, and it's so sad. But she started to utter and say her opinions regarding Israel. And that was a different story. That changed everything. That absolutely, positively, 100% started to make the difference. That's when we say, nay, nay, nay, nay. You could disagree on anything else you want. You could disagree about economic policy. You could disagree about, uh, you disagree about war. Maybe, but not Israel, not whatever the, the, the, the official— basically the whatever this, this is acquiescence. You just whatever they say. Okay, that started it. Other things came along. Tucker Blunt. Tucker said, what's he doing now? Then Tucker said, wait a minute. And both of them, by the way, all of a sudden said— and I don't want to speak for them, but they had, I would think, profound religious moments where they came to, um, where they really came to appreciate a, a, an, well, an appreciation for, for the faith. Candace is Catholic, Tucker is more whatever it is. And it's— they are looking for this. Uh, Tucker had an interesting interview with a priest from the Eastern Orthodox, Eastern Rite. Fascinating about whatever. All right, so that was it. So that, that was their moment. That was their Saul, uh, on the road to Damascus before he became Paul. That was this moment. Okay, then that happened to come in. And then Candace in particular started to butt heads with the official theology, so to speak, the ideology, the official philosophy of Americans' participation regarding the Middle East and regarding, uh, Israel and regarding what people call AIPAC, but with the government of Israel, the official— actually, the government of Bibi Netanyahu and Likud and but that not Jewish people— we've said this, this is, this is redundant, this is, this is the point now where it's like I'm, I'm just repeating myself— not to the point where— how do I say this— not, not about the faith itself, but regarding the Abrahamic. Okay, then it all started before that. Candace decided— she took very great umbrage, great, at Brigitte Macron. And I believe one of the reasons for this— I don't want to speak for her, but I believe that one of the reasons why she did this was that she believes that Brigitte Macron was a predator, or predatorix, or predator, depending upon what it is. And That didn't sit right, so she exercised her belief system. It wasn't really— I don't know what Candace thought before that. I was aware of her, but I did not follow her. So this, that's kind of when I started to pick up involvement in this, and it started— it just, we were off and running. And when something starts to trend, when something becomes popular It just takes off, and that was it. And that was it. And she, she basically— what she also did was she didn't just say, okay, I disagree with you. She said, I'm taking you on full frontal. I'm going for the throat. You don't know who you're messing with here. That, that serious. I mean, really. And people loved it, the tenacity. Now frankly, at the time, it was never a subject that riveted me, I don't know, but it fascinated me. Everything happened and everything was okay. Two things happened, October 7th, but 12:23, I believe, right? And then September the 10th of last year. And then it was an— it was an explosion. It was an explosion. It was an explosion the likes of which I have never seen. It is an explosion the likes of which I have never seen before. It was an implosion. It was something like, you know, one of the things which is important— people will say this, they will say that, and I use the word perhaps maybe too much, but I like the term concatenation. And concatenation is a layering. It shows you the complexity of something. It shows how serious this is. It's this plus this plus this, and we were off and running. Then they decided to come after her, and Ben Shapiro decided, "Don't worry, guys. I've got this one. Hold my beer. I'll take care of her. This isn't going to take long." It's the way we thought about the Vietnam War. Don't worry. We won't be here long. Don't worry, it's no big deal. I'll take care of this. I got this. I got it. I got it. Okay. All right. I don't think they have it. It blew up. Now imagine if, if the— where's my— the whatever it is, my, my, my I've got my, my globe. Anyway, imagine this is the issue. You've got Candace, you've got Tucker, you've got the ICC, the ICJ, you've got the world, and something happened now, and I don't know what it was. Gaza was always there, but that changed this time. And then you had Max Blumenthal, and Aaron Mate, and Katie Halpern, and Abby Martin, and Judge Napolitano, who has been absolutely the focal point, the epicenter of Brilliant, Gerald Celente, you know the routine, Mearsheimer and others, and Colonel McGregor, and it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. And the world saw this, and it was almost like— and I'm not gonna say, and I don't— it was a everybody, but everybody jumped in on this. I have talked to everyone, everyone. Mrs. L will tell you, young people, old people, um, left, Democrat. We have loads of Democratic friends, loads. Never a problem. I, I, I don't, I don't have a litmus test for friends. And everybody says this— what's going on with Israel? Uh-uh. Iran? I don't get it. I don't get it. And then the other day, Jonathan Pollard says, oh, we're going to go after Lebanon and then Egypt. Did you hear this? Did you hear this? It's like, wait a minute, what? It is nuts, nuts. If you're not saying, wait a minute, you're gonna do what? Would you expect us to do this? Oh yeah, Lebanon next, Hezbollah. Wait a minute, what? This isn't even done yet. All right, stop. So here's this Candace, so she takes a break. She meets with Hunter Biden. Hunter Biden is 100% an addict. Is he a nice guy? Probably not, because there's a spoiled part to him. I've heard some of the stories about You don't know what it is. I don't need any more friends, but he is an addict. He is an addict. Göring was, was an addict big time until they weaned his ass off and he lost. I want you to see what I'm saying. Some people are addicts. They really are. There were people— I don't want to go, I don't want to remind people, but there are people sometimes on TV, others who are whatever, and you might be good, you might be bad, you never know about this. Did you know that there are places where priests and nuns go? Alcoholic nuns. I don't know why that always fascinated me as a kid. Imagine that. Can you imagine alcoholic nuns? What does that look like? What does that look like? Can you imagine some— oh, where did they get drugs? Anyway, anyway, anyway, so what I'm saying and what's critical to note more than anything else is that he is an addict, and there are people that you know You may be one now, or have one, or you might have been one. And it is something that goes into your head and into the mechanisms, into the wiring, rewires everything, almost like it's a virus, almost like mRNA. It's a virus. It out It, it, it, it, it rewires, refits, reconnects dopamine, serotonin levels. It forever changes you. Nora Volkoff is so fascinating. Her grandfather or great-grand— must be great-grandfather— was Leon Trotsky. She was raised in the house where he was assassinated by one of Stalin's guys with like a like an ice pickers or ice. Anyway, it is so wild because they take addicts and they put them under imaging, brain imaging, and they would do something where they would, they would get some information about where they would score their drugs, and they would merely show this person a picture of the corner where they used to go, and their brains are going, and screaming for the drugs, screaming just on the sight of it. Just— it was so powerful. And to have them completely lose that connection— that's why I've always— I wish Bobby Kennedy the best, but don't be surprised if he truly was an addict, which he says he was. That wiring is always there. So Hunter Biden, as despicable— and, and addicts do terrible, awful things. They're not nice. They don't know anything. They're, they're— everything they do is for in the fulfillment of this thing. They They don't know any better. They don't know. They— well, they do, but they— Nora Volkoff says that when they get into the idea of the withdrawal, it's like starvation. Starvation, where they have to— okay, Hunter spoke, I think, eloquently. I think he was sincere. He could also be a moral degenerate separate from the addiction. He could be a dirtbag. He could be one of these people who thinks he's entitled to it because he's a Biden. I don't know. I'm not vouching for the guy as being a good person, but it was something that was so incredibly refreshing, and it was— and, and Guess what happened? First thing is somebody suggesting Candus did this just because, just because she's trying to gain favor with Delaware judges because her case with Macron is regarding Delaware and maybe the appointment of judges or what have you. Jill Biden has now come forward. She says, wait a minute. At first she thought, I thought Joe Biden was having a stroke. And then she says, I think he was drugged. Now let me tell you something. I don't know about you, and I don't say this as a religious person, I'm not. I'm talking to you as a sentient human being who's had friends and family and knows what it's like to see him just devolve. And Trump, to his credit, did not, you know, attack him, but he didn't know what he was saying. It, it was so utterly sad. And to hear these people say he's sharp as a tack. So Jill Biden, why do you think Jill Biden came forward? Because she and others are given a new lease because Candace Owens just rewrote the rules regarding politics. What was left is now left, as in left behind. It's a different world now. It's a different world. It's a different world. Then Anna Kasparian— Anna Kasparian, by the way, an Armenian. The name I-A-N, you know, Andrea Martin. And anyway, Uh, remember Mike Connors? Remember Mannix? I think he was an Armenian. Who is she with? A Turk. Oh my God, they talk about genocide. She's a little, you know. And the Armenians are an interesting people. I remember one time we went to an Armenian wedding. Remember that one? We didn't sit down. Say, what the hell are we doing here? It's like they came out with every— it was fascinating. But it's like the wedding was like, let me sit down. No, there's nobody. That's like I'm from the Catholic tradition. We, we get up, we sit down, we kneel, we kind of mix it up. Anyway, Anna Kasparian used to annoy the living out of me because she was just always so obnoxious. It's like she was the first person to say, and you know what I think? I think theft is wrong. Oh, you just figured that out? It's like everything was a, was a, uh, it's a revelation. She was the first person. You ever see mothers who get pregnant, all of a sudden they're the first woman, I'm breastfeeding. I know, it's been done before. It's, it's mammalian. Well, she thought she was the first person, and she and— I used to call him Junk Yogurt. He's— now don't be mis— don't be confused. They have a left side of them that is bananas. This Karen Bass case, this, this, uh, this, this, um, election in LA is just nuts. Anyway, She sits down with Candace, and when they spoke about Israel and Gaza and Palestine, it was, it was like nothing else mattered. And it was a meeting of the minds. And believe me, you could hear the huh all over the world. And I don't know what that word is. I don't know what it conveys. I don't know what it connotes. 'But you know what I'm talking about.' Haha. Well, I mean, I know. Haha. Huh. Well, what do you know? You're not so bad after all. And then junk yogurt, you know, he used to go janking about. 'Ah, master.' I'd say, 'You know what, he's not so bad.' I don't know anybody, nobody who says, Did you— if you see one debate, see Walt and Mearsheimer debate Victoria Nuland and Mike Pompeo. OMG, as the kids would say. It was— they were slaughtered. And Victoria Nuland is not even for the war in Iran. Nobody But nobody is saying, you just go in there, President Trump, and whatever it takes, whatever billions, you just give it. I don't care if we used up every bit of our boutique weaponry. You do whatever you have to do to get that job done, because these evil Iranians must be stopped, because they theoretically could end our— huh. And there you have it, a kind of an interesting take, I hope, an adumbration of sorts, uh, kind of a review of what's going on. And I think— well, I hope you'll find it interesting. The music, the music tonight is very interesting. Today, whatever today is, Rick Wakeman and the English Rock Ensemble turned Starship Trooper, as is written here, into a sprawling progressive rock spectacle at the Fairport, uh, CropReady— CropReady Convention 2024. Wakeman's signature keyboard wizardry fused perfectly with soaring guitar work and symphonic flourishes. He is still something that people just do not understand in terms of how great he is. He is not normal. He is not a, he is not a mere mortal. He is something that frankly is very difficult for us to, to kind of grasp because very rarely does somebody of this nature and this stature, very rarely do they, do they arise. And we certainly have seen it here in this case. Rick Wakeman, and what a raconteur. Uh, watch Rick Beato, who can barely get a word in. It's, it's wonderful. It is so fascinating. Um, in any event, the article today, by the way, is The Rise— and this is, this is the most important— the, the, the rise, dare I say, of this a wonderful story about Spencer Pratt and why he is catching on and why, why he might be, I think, hope for Los Angeles. How anybody could possibly— I mean this— how anybody could have, could possibly, could have possibly not see what he's talking about, I don't know. Knowing a little bit about— look, Here in New York, say what you want, it— people say, oh, it's so bad. There's nothing like this in LA, not in New York, nothing. There is nothing yet anywhere near what we're seeing in LA. In LA, it is beyond horrid, beyond anything that anybody could even imagine. And what's also interesting to note is that there are people coming forward, the usual suspects: Samuel L. Jackson, Jane Fonda, Oh my God. And you got to ask yourself, how does this even work? How could they in their right mind do that? So anyway, I find it fascinating because maybe it goes to show you this might be the end of certain progressive, um, nonsense. Maybe, maybe the end of this horror show, because that's what it is. Look, a little bit of progressive isn't bad. I think some of the best things that I feel in terms of certain beliefs, in terms of equality or equity or whatever you want— don't call it equity, but you know what I'm saying— people being treated fairly, not, not treated the same, but treated fairly with a certain degree of due process. I think all of that makes some sense. But more importantly, there's something which is another issue, and that is the idea that When you have people who are systematically hell-bent, at least ostensibly, on destroying the structure of a city or a country or a civilization, you have to ask yourself, how is this allowed to happen? How is this allowed? How do people, rational people, do this? What am I missing here? What do they know that I don't know? If that makes any sense. Does that make, what do they know that we don't know? And the answer is nothing. The answer is absolutely, positively nothing. So you are going to see, I hope, I hope that what we're seeing is a harbinger of change, a harbinger of progressives really maybe returning to what progressive politics is about and not this destruction, this self-immolation of society. I mean, it doesn't make any sense. Look, I can argue a lot of things, both sides. I really can. I can argue pro or con abortion, pro or con death penalty, pro or con war sometimes, but I can't understand The deliberate allowing of a great city to be destroyed internally by virtue of— by forces that you know are horrid. In any event, dear friends, I thank you. Have a great and a wonderful day. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much for being a part of this. And thank you so much, by the way, for being always there, always so kind. And until we meet again, remember the monkeys— well, not the monkeys dead. No, no, I got the wrong, uh, the wrong denouement. Or the wrong valedictory. This is a comment. That's right, comment as you see fit."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** It was a study on a new thing which fascinated me today, which I wanted to show you and share with you. And it was— and this, this does my heart good, whatever that makes— whatever that means— regarding the end of the left and the right. And there was a woman by the name of Candace Owens, and I don't think people understand kind of how this is changing. She is merging, she is bringing people together who would not normally be I mean, people with huge numbers. See, people still don't understand. People still think that YouTube is like, eh, like nobody cares. It's bigger than anything you can imagine. And the people and these numbers are beyond anything that people can imagine. So for the first time, if I can get people who are brought together, who are brought together for something that is a shared belief, if you will. And if you brought them together and we realize that left and right doesn't make any sense, it doesn't, it doesn't hold any weight anymore, it doesn't have any— there's no need for this. There's— it doesn't— this will transform tremendously the landscape of the entire spectrum. It will change everything. Like, you can't believe it will change everything. And so consequently, when you listen to them— Candace recently had on Hunter Biden and Anna Kasparian, two people who were left, if you will, But when they found common ground, it brought people left and right together. And once they were there, they realized, you know what, maybe we're not as different as possible. So without any further ado, I present this kind of portion. This is an argument, a take that I have. Regarding it, which I think is of fascinating note. It's something which I think you would— well, I hope you will find most interesting. Difficult things for people to grasp is the idea that when it comes to politics, I don't hate anyone. I don't hate. I think there are some things that the president is doing which is so boneheaded, it's not even funny thinking, what are you, what are you, what are you doing? But what does that mean? I'm not some bootlicker, some lickspittle, some toady, some obsequious fawning little twit who loves everything he does is great. No, not everything he does is great. Not everything, uh, he does is terrific. But I don't hate, because the minute you hate somebody The minute you hate, you lose it. You lose it. In fact, during professional fights, people who are trying to brain damage each other, they don't hate. They don't hate. And by the way, let me also tell you, this is a very, very important message. I want you to do me a favor. Mrs. L, my beloved, Lynn's Warriors, is absolutely, positively, 100% out of some kind of a control thing she is doing— the most incredible! She had a— she had an interview today which was so moving, so moving. A parent who lost their child to not any of like just purchasing— never, by the way, please tell your kids: Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, repeat, never, never, ever buy anything on the internet that's pill, that's an aspirin, that's— do they have Midol anymore? Remember Midol? Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever do that. And when you hear a parent whose heart is broken— good kids, great families, strong, traditional, Christian, American, whatever you want to call it— and they're gone. Because there's something so, so— just remember that, which is a very, very critical thing. I know people always say, well, my kids are taught— no, no, no, stop, stop. People, kids are not bad. Kids are not bad. You know, every now and then sometimes I'll think to myself, maybe you've done it as well, where I thought to myself, you know, so many times during the It's weird. In my, my wizened years, I find myself thinking all of a sudden, I'll be talking to somebody and lo and behold, I'll think of something where I could have been killed. I could have, I could have lost an eye. I could have been— I, I can for the life of me remember, uh, I had a Crossman pellet gun. I was in my bedroom. I put a TV guide up against this They used to have these pillows in the '60s. It was like this, it was a pillow with these arms, it looked like an octopus kind of. And I put this, I put this TV Guide and a pellet pump Crossman. It's paper, don't ask me why. It hit the, the magazine, came back hit my— I mean, it wasn't that— well, but could have blinded me. I wasn't really hurt, but through the luck of God, I can't even tell you the other stuff. Anyway, could have been arrested, could have been— and I turned out to be a very good kid, very good kid, very good kid. Did well in school, you know, ran for stuff, and oh my God, I was really good. Never got in trouble. But today, today And I could also never, ever, ever— can you imagine if you had pictures at— do they have, do they have, do they even have bachelor parties? Have you ever been to a bachelor party where you thought, I think we should really go, this is not good, this is, this is like a scene from Caligula, this is not— something's wrong here. There weren't pictures then. So anyway, make a long story short, please follow Mrs. L, Lynne's Warriors, @lynnewarriors. And I ask you because you've been so, so very kind to me. Now let's talk about a couple of things which I find fascinating. First of all, I hope you saw on my channel, on my YouTube channel, I did— I devoted, I devoted a, uh, a piece to where I thought, you know, Erica Kirk is a pain in the neck, but I think somebody might be a little— this is where we say, where I say no. It's some— she, uh, was alleged to have been with this, uh, Wynn guy. He's a nephew of Steve Wynn in Las Vegas. And, uh, you know, oh, she's— is she dating? Is she moving on? If she is, so what? It's her business. She didn't say she wasn't. This is why I say, now wait a minute, hold it, hold it, hold it, lest you think I'm just all over her for every little thing that she does wrong. You never know what somebody's going to do in grief. You never know what somebody's going to do, you know. And she went through grief. Now, the way— what she did in addition does not negate the grief because she had nothing to do with that. We'll talk about some other stuff in a moment, which is another story. But what I'm saying is, so I went through this and I was very, very careful in saying that I really think it's a good idea for people not to necessarily jump on everything that she does, because if she decides later on that she wants to date or marry again, that's her business. That's— that is nobody's concern, and I mean nobody's concern. Nobody's Period. End of discussion. She doesn't owe anybody anything. She's not— you know, you may have seen this before, but there are some folks who, believe it or not, they have— there are folks whose, whose parents, let's say, divorce, or God forbid, maybe a parent passes away, and a child is saying, why is mom dating? That's— that can be absolutely, positively just riveting to a, to a child. I mean, really, seriously, it can be very, very, very frightening and scary and something that— so, but we're not children. She doesn't— how do I say this— she doesn't owe us anything. She is not in any way, uh, beholden to anybody. So that is one thing where I think people can say, all right, enough is enough, okay? Enough is enough. Let's not get carried away. That being said, what is still going on regarding the rest of the the, the world, so to speak, is a different story completely. Completely. Okay. And that's what I want to discuss, which is very, very important. First and foremost, the interviews that Candace held with Hunter Biden and with Anna Kasparian are sheer gold. My heart sings. I sing. Let me tell you why. First, I hate political parties. I hate the idea of a party. I hate the political notion that my— the complex nature of my belief system is going to be put into two different categories: left or right, blue or red. Doesn't work like that. I've never understood it. Never. They're obsolete. I don't know what the Republican Party is doing today offering me other than this iteration, other than not being the Democratic Party when it comes to foreign policy, it's absurd. So first, first and foremost, Candace Owens— some people are trying so hard. You don't have to remember, she's not a relative. Nobody is marrying her. Nobody, you You don't have to love her. She is— I mean, you can feel tremendous amount of closeness, but she's a very, very smart person. Very, very smart people are complicated. Very, very stupid people are complicated too. She has done something where she has been able to navigate in a way that is absolutely incredible. You know who else I've enjoyed? I've kind of reached out a little bit to where we just became kind of a chat friend, a little bit, you know, is Buckley Carlson, Tucker's brother. And I like his style, and I've always liked— they seem to be— I just like them. And I like smart, and they're definitely smart. And when we're chatting about different things and chatting about how everything is changing— and I don't know about you, but let me give you an analogy. When I was younger, I remember I've always loved the music. And I've always loved to see the transition of music. You start off with something that you think you know, and you end up with something that I don't know what it is. Country music, jazz. You can go from country music, from hardcore Jimmy Rogers, The Breakman, to— and that is hardcore— and then modernize it with Hank Williams. That was the Beatles. Wow, a different style. What is this style? And then later on, the Opry. And then later on, uh, Roy Acuff saying, we will never have drums, we will never have— and then Johnny Cash comes, he's like this with Ring of Fire, he's got a mariachi band. And then came in no particular order in the '70s. Willie Nelson, Tom Paul Glaser, Waylon, uh, the, uh, kind of like the, the quote, the Outlaws, Outlaws from Nashville. And then came Bob Wills, and then came Roy, Ray Benson to the Asleep at the Wheel, who's still doing western swing. And then came Honky Tonk and Lefty Frizzell, and then came the first lady of country music, Kitty Wells. And then that broke up. So now you have— what's her name— Ella, the young girl who I think is going to probably end up marrying Theo Vaughn one day. She's got it. She brings a new kind of a spunk and a new— it's very, very, very oldish. So what I'm saying is, you— it's great to see this thing. And the old-timers say, that's not country, that's not country. Waylon Jennings got very upset when they had— they were called the CMA Awards. He called it Country My Ass. That was his, his joke. Excuse me. So then, thank you. So then Charlie Rich, remember Thank God I'm a Country Boy? Bob Denver, John Denver. Bob Denver's Gilligan. John Denver and, um, Charlie Rich lit the— they're the answer. I mean Okay, that's that. Same thing with jazz. I'm not gonna go through that. We have been rewriting and readdressing political parties and the Republican Party, which I am never going to become a member of a party. Never. I am independent. I am a red, and I'm not doing it for any particular reason other than I, I have to find something I have to find something that I can adhere to that— I don't know. And I have to have to be able to vote in, you know, general elections. I don't care about primaries. I don't really care. And I don't care. Okay, okay. So here comes Candace. So Candace comes along and she pretty much represented, at least initially, what people would call— what many people would call and what I consider to be a kind of a conservative viewpoint. Conservative in that she is a prototypical right, not right-wing, but whatever name you want to call it. And then things kind of changed. Trump came along. Trump was okay. Trump was great. I want to make Trump Trump again. The Trump of 2016 is not the Trump now. I don't know who he is now. He does some things which— have you seen what they're doing to the White House? The White House grounds, the proper— it looks like a carnival. Have you ever noticed, like, sometimes you'll, you'll be on like Route 3 in Jersey, sometimes in the, in the MetLife Arena, they have a carnival that pops up or some flea market or— that's what the White House looks like. It looks horrible with this UFC and all. It looks like trash. It looks like, what is this? A federal judge today ruled that you can't call the Kennedy Center the Trump Center. You can't do it. So he's, you know, he's just having fun. Okay, doesn't mean I'm abandoning him, but, but I don't like this. Don't like this. Same for, same for Candace. So Candace came along and she met— all of a sudden she, she, she ran into this Ben Shapiro. You notice how Ben Shapiro is nowhere to be found. He is absolutely, positively, 100%. By the way, uh, somebody asked my age. I'll be 68 in August, so that's my 60— it's my 68th year on this planet as I circle the sun. So anyway, for the, for the longest time, there, there was this thing where she was doing great, and then Ben Shapiro, and then that, that, uh, that Daily Wire business, and then the Prager— poor Dennis Prager. Now, I, I wouldn't wish that. He like broke his neck or something. He is paralyzed, and it's so sad. But she started to utter and say her opinions regarding Israel. And that was a different story. That changed everything. That absolutely, positively, 100% started to make the difference. That's when we say, nay, nay, nay, nay. You could disagree on anything else you want. You could disagree about economic policy. You could disagree about, uh, you disagree about war. Maybe, but not Israel, not whatever the, the, the, the official— basically the whatever this, this is acquiescence. You just whatever they say. Okay, that started it. Other things came along. Tucker Blunt. Tucker said, what's he doing now? Then Tucker said, wait a minute. And both of them, by the way, all of a sudden said— and I don't want to speak for them, but they had, I would think, profound religious moments where they came to, um, where they really came to appreciate a, a, an, well, an appreciation for, for the faith. Candace is Catholic, Tucker is more whatever it is. And it's— they are looking for this. Uh, Tucker had an interesting interview with a priest from the Eastern Orthodox, Eastern Rite. Fascinating about whatever. All right, so that was it. So that, that was their moment. That was their Saul, uh, on the road to Damascus before he became Paul. That was this moment. Okay, then that happened to come in. And then Candace in particular started to butt heads with the official theology, so to speak, the ideology, the official philosophy of Americans' participation regarding the Middle East and regarding, uh, Israel and regarding what people call AIPAC, but with the government of Israel, the official— actually, the government of Bibi Netanyahu and Likud and but that not Jewish people— we've said this, this is, this is redundant, this is, this is the point now where it's like I'm, I'm just repeating myself— not to the point where— how do I say this— not, not about the faith itself, but regarding the Abrahamic. Okay, then it all started before that. Candace decided— she took very great umbrage, great, at Brigitte Macron. And I believe one of the reasons for this— I don't want to speak for her, but I believe that one of the reasons why she did this was that she believes that Brigitte Macron was a predator, or predatorix, or predator, depending upon what it is. And That didn't sit right, so she exercised her belief system. It wasn't really— I don't know what Candace thought before that. I was aware of her, but I did not follow her. So this, that's kind of when I started to pick up involvement in this, and it started— it just, we were off and running. And when something starts to trend, when something becomes popular It just takes off, and that was it. And that was it. And she, she basically— what she also did was she didn't just say, okay, I disagree with you. She said, I'm taking you on full frontal. I'm going for the throat. You don't know who you're messing with here. That, that serious. I mean, really. And people loved it, the tenacity. Now frankly, at the time, it was never a subject that riveted me, I don't know, but it fascinated me. Everything happened and everything was okay. Two things happened, October 7th, but 12:23, I believe, right? And then September the 10th of last year. And then it was an— it was an explosion. It was an explosion. It was an explosion the likes of which I have never seen. It is an explosion the likes of which I have never seen before. It was an implosion. It was something like, you know, one of the things which is important— people will say this, they will say that, and I use the word perhaps maybe too much, but I like the term concatenation. And concatenation is a layering. It shows you the complexity of something. It shows how serious this is. It's this plus this plus this, and we were off and running. Then they decided to come after her, and Ben Shapiro decided, "Don't worry, guys. I've got this one. Hold my beer. I'll take care of her. This isn't going to take long." It's the way we thought about the Vietnam War. Don't worry. We won't be here long. Don't worry, it's no big deal. I'll take care of this. I got this. I got it. I got it. Okay. All right. I don't think they have it. It blew up. Now imagine if, if the— where's my— the whatever it is, my, my, my I've got my, my globe. Anyway, imagine this is the issue. You've got Candace, you've got Tucker, you've got the ICC, the ICJ, you've got the world, and something happened now, and I don't know what it was. Gaza was always there, but that changed this time. And then you had Max Blumenthal, and Aaron Mate, and Katie Halpern, and Abby Martin, and Judge Napolitano, who has been absolutely the focal point, the epicenter of Brilliant, Gerald Celente, you know the routine, Mearsheimer and others, and Colonel McGregor, and it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. And the world saw this, and it was almost like— and I'm not gonna say, and I don't— it was a everybody, but everybody jumped in on this. I have talked to everyone, everyone. Mrs. L will tell you, young people, old people, um, left, Democrat. We have loads of Democratic friends, loads. Never a problem. I, I, I don't, I don't have a litmus test for friends. And everybody says this— what's going on with Israel? Uh-uh. Iran? I don't get it. I don't get it. And then the other day, Jonathan Pollard says, oh, we're going to go after Lebanon and then Egypt. Did you hear this? Did you hear this? It's like, wait a minute, what? It is nuts, nuts. If you're not saying, wait a minute, you're gonna do what? Would you expect us to do this? Oh yeah, Lebanon next, Hezbollah. Wait a minute, what? This isn't even done yet. All right, stop. So here's this Candace, so she takes a break. She meets with Hunter Biden. Hunter Biden is 100% an addict. Is he a nice guy? Probably not, because there's a spoiled part to him. I've heard some of the stories about You don't know what it is. I don't need any more friends, but he is an addict. He is an addict. Göring was, was an addict big time until they weaned his ass off and he lost. I want you to see what I'm saying. Some people are addicts. They really are. There were people— I don't want to go, I don't want to remind people, but there are people sometimes on TV, others who are whatever, and you might be good, you might be bad, you never know about this. Did you know that there are places where priests and nuns go? Alcoholic nuns. I don't know why that always fascinated me as a kid. Imagine that. Can you imagine alcoholic nuns? What does that look like? What does that look like? Can you imagine some— oh, where did they get drugs? Anyway, anyway, anyway, so what I'm saying and what's critical to note more than anything else is that he is an addict, and there are people that you know You may be one now, or have one, or you might have been one. And it is something that goes into your head and into the mechanisms, into the wiring, rewires everything, almost like it's a virus, almost like mRNA. It's a virus. It out It, it, it, it, it rewires, refits, reconnects dopamine, serotonin levels. It forever changes you. Nora Volkoff is so fascinating. Her grandfather or great-grand— must be great-grandfather— was Leon Trotsky. She was raised in the house where he was assassinated by one of Stalin's guys with like a like an ice pickers or ice. Anyway, it is so wild because they take addicts and they put them under imaging, brain imaging, and they would do something where they would, they would get some information about where they would score their drugs, and they would merely show this person a picture of the corner where they used to go, and their brains are going, and screaming for the drugs, screaming just on the sight of it. Just— it was so powerful. And to have them completely lose that connection— that's why I've always— I wish Bobby Kennedy the best, but don't be surprised if he truly was an addict, which he says he was. That wiring is always there. So Hunter Biden, as despicable— and, and addicts do terrible, awful things. They're not nice. They don't know anything. They're, they're— everything they do is for in the fulfillment of this thing. They They don't know any better. They don't know. They— well, they do, but they— Nora Volkoff says that when they get into the idea of the withdrawal, it's like starvation. Starvation, where they have to— okay, Hunter spoke, I think, eloquently. I think he was sincere. He could also be a moral degenerate separate from the addiction. He could be a dirtbag. He could be one of these people who thinks he's entitled to it because he's a Biden. I don't know. I'm not vouching for the guy as being a good person, but it was something that was so incredibly refreshing, and it was— and, and Guess what happened? First thing is somebody suggesting Candus did this just because, just because she's trying to gain favor with Delaware judges because her case with Macron is regarding Delaware and maybe the appointment of judges or what have you. Jill Biden has now come forward. She says, wait a minute. At first she thought, I thought Joe Biden was having a stroke. And then she says, I think he was drugged. Now let me tell you something. I don't know about you, and I don't say this as a religious person, I'm not. I'm talking to you as a sentient human being who's had friends and family and knows what it's like to see him just devolve. And Trump, to his credit, did not, you know, attack him, but he didn't know what he was saying. It, it was so utterly sad. And to hear these people say he's sharp as a tack. So Jill Biden, why do you think Jill Biden came forward? Because she and others are given a new lease because Candace Owens just rewrote the rules regarding politics. What was left is now left, as in left behind. It's a different world now. It's a different world. It's a different world. Then Anna Kasparian— Anna Kasparian, by the way, an Armenian. The name I-A-N, you know, Andrea Martin. And anyway, Uh, remember Mike Connors? Remember Mannix? I think he was an Armenian. Who is she with? A Turk. Oh my God, they talk about genocide. She's a little, you know. And the Armenians are an interesting people. I remember one time we went to an Armenian wedding. Remember that one? We didn't sit down. Say, what the hell are we doing here? It's like they came out with every— it was fascinating. But it's like the wedding was like, let me sit down. No, there's nobody. That's like I'm from the Catholic tradition. We, we get up, we sit down, we kneel, we kind of mix it up. Anyway, Anna Kasparian used to annoy the living out of me because she was just always so obnoxious. It's like she was the first person to say, and you know what I think? I think theft is wrong. Oh, you just figured that out? It's like everything was a, was a, uh, it's a revelation. She was the first person. You ever see mothers who get pregnant, all of a sudden they're the first woman, I'm breastfeeding. I know, it's been done before. It's, it's mammalian. Well, she thought she was the first person, and she and— I used to call him Junk Yogurt. He's— now don't be mis— don't be confused. They have a left side of them that is bananas. This Karen Bass case, this, this, uh, this, this, um, election in LA is just nuts. Anyway, She sits down with Candace, and when they spoke about Israel and Gaza and Palestine, it was, it was like nothing else mattered. And it was a meeting of the minds. And believe me, you could hear the huh all over the world. And I don't know what that word is. I don't know what it conveys. I don't know what it connotes. 'But you know what I'm talking about.' Haha. Well, I mean, I know. Haha. Huh. Well, what do you know? You're not so bad after all. And then junk yogurt, you know, he used to go janking about. 'Ah, master.' I'd say, 'You know what, he's not so bad.' I don't know anybody, nobody who says, Did you— if you see one debate, see Walt and Mearsheimer debate Victoria Nuland and Mike Pompeo. OMG, as the kids would say. It was— they were slaughtered. And Victoria Nuland is not even for the war in Iran. Nobody But nobody is saying, you just go in there, President Trump, and whatever it takes, whatever billions, you just give it. I don't care if we used up every bit of our boutique weaponry. You do whatever you have to do to get that job done, because these evil Iranians must be stopped, because they theoretically could end our— huh. And there you have it, a kind of an interesting take, I hope, an adumbration of sorts, uh, kind of a review of what's going on. And I think— well, I hope you'll find it interesting. The music, the music tonight is very interesting. Today, whatever today is, Rick Wakeman and the English Rock Ensemble turned Starship Trooper, as is written here, into a sprawling progressive rock spectacle at the Fairport, uh, CropReady— CropReady Convention 2024. Wakeman's signature keyboard wizardry fused perfectly with soaring guitar work and symphonic flourishes. He is still something that people just do not understand in terms of how great he is. He is not normal. He is not a, he is not a mere mortal. He is something that frankly is very difficult for us to, to kind of grasp because very rarely does somebody of this nature and this stature, very rarely do they, do they arise. And we certainly have seen it here in this case. Rick Wakeman, and what a raconteur. Uh, watch Rick Beato, who can barely get a word in. It's, it's wonderful. It is so fascinating. Um, in any event, the article today, by the way, is The Rise— and this is, this is the most important— the, the, the rise, dare I say, of this a wonderful story about Spencer Pratt and why he is catching on and why, why he might be, I think, hope for Los Angeles. How anybody could possibly— I mean this— how anybody could have, could possibly, could have possibly not see what he's talking about, I don't know. Knowing a little bit about— look, Here in New York, say what you want, it— people say, oh, it's so bad. There's nothing like this in LA, not in New York, nothing. There is nothing yet anywhere near what we're seeing in LA. In LA, it is beyond horrid, beyond anything that anybody could even imagine. And what's also interesting to note is that there are people coming forward, the usual suspects: Samuel L. Jackson, Jane Fonda, Oh my God. And you got to ask yourself, how does this even work? How could they in their right mind do that? So anyway, I find it fascinating because maybe it goes to show you this might be the end of certain progressive, um, nonsense. Maybe, maybe the end of this horror show, because that's what it is. Look, a little bit of progressive isn't bad. I think some of the best things that I feel in terms of certain beliefs, in terms of equality or equity or whatever you want— don't call it equity, but you know what I'm saying— people being treated fairly, not, not treated the same, but treated fairly with a certain degree of due process. I think all of that makes some sense. But more importantly, there's something which is another issue, and that is the idea that When you have people who are systematically hell-bent, at least ostensibly, on destroying the structure of a city or a country or a civilization, you have to ask yourself, how is this allowed to happen? How is this allowed? How do people, rational people, do this? What am I missing here? What do they know that I don't know? If that makes any sense. Does that make, what do they know that we don't know? And the answer is nothing. The answer is absolutely, positively nothing. So you are going to see, I hope, I hope that what we're seeing is a harbinger of change, a harbinger of progressives really maybe returning to what progressive politics is about and not this destruction, this self-immolation of society. I mean, it doesn't make any sense. Look, I can argue a lot of things, both sides. I really can. I can argue pro or con abortion, pro or con death penalty, pro or con war sometimes, but I can't understand The deliberate allowing of a great city to be destroyed internally by virtue of— by forces that you know are horrid. In any event, dear friends, I thank you. Have a great and a wonderful day. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much for being a part of this. And thank you so much, by the way, for being always there, always so kind. And until we meet again, remember the monkeys— well, not the monkeys dead. No, no, I got the wrong, uh, the wrong denouement. Or the wrong valedictory. This is a comment. That's right, comment as you see fit.
