# The Spencer Pratt Harvey Levin Connection

**Show:** Philip Teresi
**Date Published:** 2026-05-30
**Date Found:** 2026-05-30
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/kmjs-afternoon-drive/the-spencer-pratt-harvey-leven-connection?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 22 minutes

## Summary

This 22-minute episode of Philip Teresi mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Philip Teresi

## Key Moment

> "Gonna go into the weekend easy. We've got a bunch of goofy stuff to talk about, including the meltdown over Martina McBride deciding to pull out of the Freedom 250 event, and, uh, I, I found this turn of phrase interesting: the Marilyn Monroe grave robbing industry. As we'll get to that in a couple of minutes, but I wanted to talk a little bit about Spencer Pratt, a journalist who I think very highly of. Tonku Varadarajan is a writer for the Wall Street Journal, and he's diving into the Spencer Pratt question and I gotta say, Varadarjan is not down on Pratt. He's not blind to who the man has been in previous iterations of his career, but he starts out describing how Pratt has made the choice to run for the hideous job of Los Angeles mayor as a citizen avenger seeking justice. And Varadarajan describes the January 7th, 2025 Palisades fire, home reduced to ashes in a few hours. He lost the place where he and his wife were raising their kids. And Pratt's talked about, if you haven't caught this, this is an interesting nuance, his hummingbirds. Pratt in one interview said he had like 1,000 of them. All wild. He had feeders all over the garden filled with, you know, water and sugar, and he'd walk out in the morning and the hummingbirds would just come right to him. Now, as somebody who enjoys their hummingbirds and regularly tunes up a feeder, um, congratulations. I can't get the damn things to land on my hand. They're not scared of me anymore, not even a little bit. They will fly right up next to my head when I'm hanging that thing, but they, they aren't quite at the point where they like me enough to, uh, to let me touch them. And that's okay. They look fragile. But the loss of his home for Pratt was a political awakening. He's lived a life of eccentricity— little stuff, healing crystals— but he spent the year after the fire making an almighty nuisance of himself. He started asking very challenging questions of city and state leadership. He started badgering people back in Washington to investigate not just the fire but the circumstances circumstances that allowed for it to go so far and take so long to push back. And he's joined other residents of the Palisades in filing a lawsuit for something called inverse condemnation. Uh, the complaint alleges that state and local governments allowed reservoirs that could have put the fires out to run empty. And Pratt's now saying that state environmental bureaucrats chose to protect a shrub over people. Newsom was irked enough last August to describe Pratt as a C-list reality star. Pratt repaid him by, uh, dubbing him Mr. Hair Gel in his book The Guy You Love to Hate: Confessions from a Reality TV Villain, a book that was published in January just before Pratt announced his campaign for mayor. Now, the hummingbirds are a political symbol. They're on all of his campaign posters, and with 16 candidates in all, you you could be forgiven for thinking that Spencer Pratt is an attention-seeking also-ran. But this is a real contest, and it seems to come down to Spencer Pratt, incumbent mayor Karen Bass, and the Democratic Socialists of America member and chairman of the city council's homelessness committee, Nitya Raman. Now, Raman's expected to finish third in this. It is most likely that what will happen is Pratt and Bass will head to a runoff in November, although Pratt does say he wants to win this thing outright. One of the other things that Varadarajan points to that I think is significant— the difference, the contrast between Pratt and New York Mayor Zoran Mondame. These are the two biggest cities in the country. Don't make any mistake, New York is market one, LA is market two. That's how we measure it for radio, for TV, and in the census. Those are the two biggest cities in the country. Momdani has absolutely made a national spectacle of himself. He comments on issues out of Washington, D.C. He comments on issues all over the United States. Pratt has said he has no desire to weigh in on national or international affairs. Quote, I'm not going to have a word to say about anything but LA. He says the true failures that affect the city are choices made in the city. Now he points to the homeless industrial complex. My preferred turn of phrase is poverty pimps, but I follow him and have no objection. And he says that the city of Los Angeles accounts for 10% of the state's population, 25% of the state's homeless population. And Pratt says it's not homelessness in and of itself, it's drug addiction. You got super drugs like fentanyl, these new synthetic versions mixed with meth that creates a mental health crisis with psychosis in between the highs and lows of the drugs. He says you cannot treat drug addiction with four walls and the idea that we need more beds. Pratt says you need mandatory medical treatment to get these people off the hardest drugs in the history of planet Earth. Pratt describes a story where a mom in South Central came up to him crying. She says, my daughter's not homeless. We have a home for her. She's loved. She lives on the street right now because she's addicted to meth. She needs somebody to get her off that drug so she can come home. And by the way, that's an interesting story in and of itself. Spencer Pratt went to South Central. Now, if you've never seen Spencer Pratt somehow, uh, homeboy is whitey white white, like even his beard's kind of white, vaguely flesh-colored, slightly creepy, but he, he is Caucasian. And he went to South Central to campaign. He went door knocking in a neighborhood that a lot of candidates are kind of scared of. It takes cajones, even if maybe, possibly, arguably some of Pratt's cajones come from being followed around by a camera crew that's taking footage for a future reality TV series. He takes grief for calling vagrants zombies, and when people bring it up and criticize it, he says, I'm calling you a zombie when you're in a fentanyl hang, or you're attacking a mother naked with a weapon, or you're fornicating on the sidewalk in front of children. Before the interview, Varadarajan went to MacArthur Park, just west of downtown LA, and he says, quote, I saw hundreds of addicts, many hunched over while standing up like waxwork men melting in the sun. Men and women injected themselves in plain view. A group were piled onto a prone body, fists flailing, beating the victim to a pulp. A man tried to wrestle a Canada goose while a woman defecated at the edge of the park's lake. On a corner, a charity-operated food truck doled out lunches to a long shuffling line. The squalor was breathtaking. Pratt went to Skid Row just a couple of blocks away to rescue dogs that were being injected by addicts. He says he was sick for 2 days after breathing that air. He said, I had to throw away my shoes. There's another side to this because Varadarajan does continue to extol the fortitude that Pratt is showing in this campaign. And there's, there's some criticism here. He describes the distancing of him, of Pratt, from the GOP as a shrewd political move. The observation that many of his most generous donors are actually Democrats, like the owner of the LA Lakers, former Obama administration official Nicole Avant. And he does have a habit of talking more about targets than policy. He says his goal after 8 years is to have made Los Angeles the safest city in the country. He says his supporters just want change and truth. They want a novice. They don't want a politician. Pratt claims he's had people come to him at fundraisers to say, I support everything you do, but I'd support Lassie the dog instead of these people, which sounds a lot like the comment that I got from Adam Carolla a couple of weeks ago when I asked him about his opinion, because Carolla's interviewed Pratt. He's talked to him a couple of times, and Carolla's response was, inexperienced, doesn't know what he's doing. You, you want Rhamen the socialist? You want Bass the disaster that helped drag LA over this precipice? Or you want a guy that at least wants to change things? But Pratt's support isn't just coming from deep-pocketed, if quiet, Democrats. The founder at TMZ is all over this campaign. Now, do I think that there are two masters being served by this? Yes, I do. Harvey Levin is probably just as smart as Spencer Pratt when it comes to tapping the zeitgeist and grabbing attention. TMZ, wisely, ahead of the spring break for Congress, made a request of the TMZ audience: if you see a member of Congress, House or Senate, out enjoying spring break while DHS goes unfunded? Send us a picture. Let us know how they're spending. That's how we got the Lindsey Graham with the bubble wand photo. Is political kingmaker something that Harvey Levin can add to his resume?"
> — Speaker B at 00:37
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:37] Speaker B: "Gonna go into the weekend easy. We've got a bunch of goofy stuff to talk about, including the meltdown over Martina McBride deciding to pull out of the Freedom 250 event, and, uh, I, I found this turn of phrase interesting: the Marilyn Monroe grave robbing industry. As we'll get to that in a couple of minutes, but I wanted to talk a little bit about Spencer Pratt, a journalist who I think very highly of. Tonku Varadarajan is a writer for the Wall Street Journal, and he's diving into the Spencer Pratt question and I gotta say, Varadarjan is not down on Pratt. He's not blind to who the man has been in previous iterations of his career, but he starts out describing how Pratt has made the choice to run for the hideous job of Los Angeles mayor as a citizen avenger seeking justice. And Varadarajan describes the January 7th, 2025 Palisades fire, home reduced to ashes in a few hours. He lost the place where he and his wife were raising their kids. And Pratt's talked about, if you haven't caught this, this is an interesting nuance, his hummingbirds. Pratt in one interview said he had like 1,000 of them. All wild. He had feeders all over the garden filled with, you know, water and sugar, and he'd walk out in the morning and the hummingbirds would just come right to him. Now, as somebody who enjoys their hummingbirds and regularly tunes up a feeder, um, congratulations. I can't get the damn things to land on my hand. They're not scared of me anymore, not even a little bit. They will fly right up next to my head when I'm hanging that thing, but they, they aren't quite at the point where they like me enough to, uh, to let me touch them. And that's okay. They look fragile. But the loss of his home for Pratt was a political awakening. He's lived a life of eccentricity— little stuff, healing crystals— but he spent the year after the fire making an almighty nuisance of himself. He started asking very challenging questions of city and state leadership. He started badgering people back in Washington to investigate not just the fire but the circumstances circumstances that allowed for it to go so far and take so long to push back. And he's joined other residents of the Palisades in filing a lawsuit for something called inverse condemnation. Uh, the complaint alleges that state and local governments allowed reservoirs that could have put the fires out to run empty. And Pratt's now saying that state environmental bureaucrats chose to protect a shrub over people. Newsom was irked enough last August to describe Pratt as a C-list reality star. Pratt repaid him by, uh, dubbing him Mr. Hair Gel in his book The Guy You Love to Hate: Confessions from a Reality TV Villain, a book that was published in January just before Pratt announced his campaign for mayor. Now, the hummingbirds are a political symbol. They're on all of his campaign posters, and with 16 candidates in all, you you could be forgiven for thinking that Spencer Pratt is an attention-seeking also-ran. But this is a real contest, and it seems to come down to Spencer Pratt, incumbent mayor Karen Bass, and the Democratic Socialists of America member and chairman of the city council's homelessness committee, Nitya Raman. Now, Raman's expected to finish third in this. It is most likely that what will happen is Pratt and Bass will head to a runoff in November, although Pratt does say he wants to win this thing outright. One of the other things that Varadarajan points to that I think is significant— the difference, the contrast between Pratt and New York Mayor Zoran Mondame. These are the two biggest cities in the country. Don't make any mistake, New York is market one, LA is market two. That's how we measure it for radio, for TV, and in the census. Those are the two biggest cities in the country. Momdani has absolutely made a national spectacle of himself. He comments on issues out of Washington, D.C. He comments on issues all over the United States. Pratt has said he has no desire to weigh in on national or international affairs. Quote, I'm not going to have a word to say about anything but LA. He says the true failures that affect the city are choices made in the city. Now he points to the homeless industrial complex. My preferred turn of phrase is poverty pimps, but I follow him and have no objection. And he says that the city of Los Angeles accounts for 10% of the state's population, 25% of the state's homeless population. And Pratt says it's not homelessness in and of itself, it's drug addiction. You got super drugs like fentanyl, these new synthetic versions mixed with meth that creates a mental health crisis with psychosis in between the highs and lows of the drugs. He says you cannot treat drug addiction with four walls and the idea that we need more beds. Pratt says you need mandatory medical treatment to get these people off the hardest drugs in the history of planet Earth. Pratt describes a story where a mom in South Central came up to him crying. She says, my daughter's not homeless. We have a home for her. She's loved. She lives on the street right now because she's addicted to meth. She needs somebody to get her off that drug so she can come home. And by the way, that's an interesting story in and of itself. Spencer Pratt went to South Central. Now, if you've never seen Spencer Pratt somehow, uh, homeboy is whitey white white, like even his beard's kind of white, vaguely flesh-colored, slightly creepy, but he, he is Caucasian. And he went to South Central to campaign. He went door knocking in a neighborhood that a lot of candidates are kind of scared of. It takes cajones, even if maybe, possibly, arguably some of Pratt's cajones come from being followed around by a camera crew that's taking footage for a future reality TV series. He takes grief for calling vagrants zombies, and when people bring it up and criticize it, he says, I'm calling you a zombie when you're in a fentanyl hang, or you're attacking a mother naked with a weapon, or you're fornicating on the sidewalk in front of children. Before the interview, Varadarajan went to MacArthur Park, just west of downtown LA, and he says, quote, I saw hundreds of addicts, many hunched over while standing up like waxwork men melting in the sun. Men and women injected themselves in plain view. A group were piled onto a prone body, fists flailing, beating the victim to a pulp. A man tried to wrestle a Canada goose while a woman defecated at the edge of the park's lake. On a corner, a charity-operated food truck doled out lunches to a long shuffling line. The squalor was breathtaking. Pratt went to Skid Row just a couple of blocks away to rescue dogs that were being injected by addicts. He says he was sick for 2 days after breathing that air. He said, I had to throw away my shoes. There's another side to this because Varadarajan does continue to extol the fortitude that Pratt is showing in this campaign. And there's, there's some criticism here. He describes the distancing of him, of Pratt, from the GOP as a shrewd political move. The observation that many of his most generous donors are actually Democrats, like the owner of the LA Lakers, former Obama administration official Nicole Avant. And he does have a habit of talking more about targets than policy. He says his goal after 8 years is to have made Los Angeles the safest city in the country. He says his supporters just want change and truth. They want a novice. They don't want a politician. Pratt claims he's had people come to him at fundraisers to say, I support everything you do, but I'd support Lassie the dog instead of these people, which sounds a lot like the comment that I got from Adam Carolla a couple of weeks ago when I asked him about his opinion, because Carolla's interviewed Pratt. He's talked to him a couple of times, and Carolla's response was, inexperienced, doesn't know what he's doing. You, you want Rhamen the socialist? You want Bass the disaster that helped drag LA over this precipice? Or you want a guy that at least wants to change things? But Pratt's support isn't just coming from deep-pocketed, if quiet, Democrats. The founder at TMZ is all over this campaign. Now, do I think that there are two masters being served by this? Yes, I do. Harvey Levin is probably just as smart as Spencer Pratt when it comes to tapping the zeitgeist and grabbing attention. TMZ, wisely, ahead of the spring break for Congress, made a request of the TMZ audience: if you see a member of Congress, House or Senate, out enjoying spring break while DHS goes unfunded? Send us a picture. Let us know how they're spending. That's how we got the Lindsey Graham with the bubble wand photo. Is political kingmaker something that Harvey Levin can add to his resume?"
- [13:45] Speaker B: "Coming back to the Spencer Pratt thing, and an interesting question. Is Harvey Levin becoming a political kingmaker? Now, he did endorse Donald Trump back in 2016, but this is a little different. Not only has TMZ gone so far as to launch a Washington bureau, but that tabloid treatment is getting applied to the political power set. Maybe not quite the same degree of penetration, but that there's something shifting in what TMZ is doing. And a recent livestream from Harvey Levin and some of the guys at TMZ revealing a private phone call that Levin had with Spencer Pratt, uh, talking about the campaign and what kind of support he's expecting should he make it all the way to Los Angeles City Hall."
- [15:34] Speaker E: "I wanted to check if they were really— they were actually on board. If they were really on board. This morning I spoke with one of them, and I think the most important person, and wondered, is that person on board? Is it real that this person, A, supports Spencer Pratt, and B, would work in city government for him in the event? Can you describe sort of what this person does? I know you said you're not going to reveal the name. I can't. I mean, it would comp— OK. And this person actually explained to me why this person's name shouldn't come out right now. The person is on board, and the person is committed to actually working with him. So I will say that Spencer was being absolutely honest about it, and it is a really solid person who knows this city. And— You know, I, I will just say that that makes a difference."
- [16:33] Speaker B: "That's Harvey Levin over at TMZ, their live stream earlier this week, and, uh, Harvey revealing that he's following up on Pratt's claim that there's people in LA City Hall, uh, ready to help him hit the ground running. That's an interesting angle of inquiry for a guy who runs a tabloid news magazine to tap into. It's a good one, to be clear, because that's my number one concern with a total amateur climbing into a position of responsibility. I mean, Levin said it just a moment ago, there's 40-plus departments, there's like 50,000 employees, multi-billion dollar budget. You've got all of the logistics, not just of the fire department, the police department, But even the little stuff, the pothole fillers, the graffiti cleaners, the people that have to change streetlights. I mean, managing a city, being mayor of a city requires that you split your attention between a lot of moving parts. And if you've come up through the system, if you've been a school board member and a city council member and you've spent time in the meetings and you've worked in the mayor's office, you probably have a little bit greater sense of what all exactly that entails. And obviously, that's why generally, we tend to elect people that have demonstrated competence at a lower level before we fling them from the frying pan of reality show fame to the, to the fire of politics. Now, whatever you think of the current presidential administration, Donald Trump has demonstrated that when you surround yourself with people who understand the system, it does not require a lifetime in the system to begin to operate the levers of power. For Pratt, this is essential because he's a reality TV villain. He's more of a cartoon character than anything at this point. Now, that doesn't mean that he's a stupid person. I don't believe that he is a stupid person. I think that when it comes to the marketing side of things, Spencer Pratt is flat out a genius. But when you get to something as complicated as operating a city budget, that question of does this person have the support, can he be surrounded by people who will help him do the job, that's key. Now, Harvey Levin talked to one person at City Hall, but it was a person that Pratt had in private conversation named. This person doesn't want to be identified yet because the reality is that there is a distinct possibility that Spencer Pratt will not win and that they will be working with either Rahman or more likely Karen Bass again. The thing that, the thing that frustrates me, the thing that disappoints me is not any of this. It's that Karen Bass has people in City Hall who know their jobs, who understand how to do them well, and despite having had experience She doesn't seem to be interested in tapping into that. And that's something that we're seeing more and more frequently with experienced and career politicians. Not that it's a brand new phenomenon. There's a lot of folks that get into the game, manage to climb on the basis of fundraising or name recognition or good PR, and it turns out that they aren't competent to, uh, administer or legislate at the level to which they finally, uh, rise. The mayor of Los Angeles is surrounded by the same people that Spencer Pratt's going to be surrounded by when he gets into office, and that could be a really great thing for Pratt if these people are genuinely interested in helping him improve the situation in Los Angeles. But on the flip side, as much as I think that Karen Bass is a self-serving doofus. Part of self-service is unquestionably doing the job well enough to keep it. And if these competent, capable, aware people are just sitting around waiting for literally anybody to tap into that vast knowledge, why have they not reached out to the mayor? Why have they not put pressure on the mayor? Fear of retaliation and retribution? Fear they're going to lose their job? If you're speaking up in a private meeting, should you expect to get canned simply because you don't agree with the administrator? Or is it simpler than that? That people who right now say that, oh yeah, I'll definitely work with Spencer Pratt, are part of the problem? That just like in Washington, D.C., Los Angeles City Hall is also unfortunately a swamp. And if it is a swamp, can somebody like Pratt, without the experience to know when he's getting good advice or bad, improve the situation? Hey guys, it's Philip Teresi. Thank you for listening to the Afternoon Drive podcast. Want you to do me a favor, rate and review the podcast, especially if you are an Apple Podcasts user. It helps a lot. It increases our visibility. It helps other people to find not just our podcast, but everything from the KMJ family Podcasts. Enjoy the show. Thank you very much for listening. And if you can take just a minute to rate and review KMJ's Afternoon Drive, however you listen to your podcast, it is sincerely appreciated."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** When you manage procurement for multiple facilities, every order matters. But when it's for a hospital system, they matter even more. Grainger gets it and knows there's no time for managing multiple suppliers and no room for shipping delays. That's why Grainger offers millions of products and fast, dependable delivery so you can keep your facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Ranger, for the ones who get it done. It's the Afternoon Drive podcast from KMJ and kmjnow.com.

[00:37] **Speaker B:** Gonna go into the weekend easy. We've got a bunch of goofy stuff to talk about, including the meltdown over Martina McBride deciding to pull out of the Freedom 250 event, and, uh, I, I found this turn of phrase interesting: the Marilyn Monroe grave robbing industry. As we'll get to that in a couple of minutes, but I wanted to talk a little bit about Spencer Pratt, a journalist who I think very highly of. Tonku Varadarajan is a writer for the Wall Street Journal, and he's diving into the Spencer Pratt question and I gotta say, Varadarjan is not down on Pratt. He's not blind to who the man has been in previous iterations of his career, but he starts out describing how Pratt has made the choice to run for the hideous job of Los Angeles mayor as a citizen avenger seeking justice. And Varadarajan describes the January 7th, 2025 Palisades fire, home reduced to ashes in a few hours. He lost the place where he and his wife were raising their kids. And Pratt's talked about, if you haven't caught this, this is an interesting nuance, his hummingbirds. Pratt in one interview said he had like 1,000 of them. All wild. He had feeders all over the garden filled with, you know, water and sugar, and he'd walk out in the morning and the hummingbirds would just come right to him. Now, as somebody who enjoys their hummingbirds and regularly tunes up a feeder, um, congratulations. I can't get the damn things to land on my hand. They're not scared of me anymore, not even a little bit. They will fly right up next to my head when I'm hanging that thing, but they, they aren't quite at the point where they like me enough to, uh, to let me touch them. And that's okay. They look fragile. But the loss of his home for Pratt was a political awakening. He's lived a life of eccentricity— little stuff, healing crystals— but he spent the year after the fire making an almighty nuisance of himself. He started asking very challenging questions of city and state leadership. He started badgering people back in Washington to investigate not just the fire but the circumstances circumstances that allowed for it to go so far and take so long to push back. And he's joined other residents of the Palisades in filing a lawsuit for something called inverse condemnation. Uh, the complaint alleges that state and local governments allowed reservoirs that could have put the fires out to run empty. And Pratt's now saying that state environmental bureaucrats chose to protect a shrub over people. Newsom was irked enough last August to describe Pratt as a C-list reality star. Pratt repaid him by, uh, dubbing him Mr. Hair Gel in his book The Guy You Love to Hate: Confessions from a Reality TV Villain, a book that was published in January just before Pratt announced his campaign for mayor. Now, the hummingbirds are a political symbol. They're on all of his campaign posters, and with 16 candidates in all, you you could be forgiven for thinking that Spencer Pratt is an attention-seeking also-ran. But this is a real contest, and it seems to come down to Spencer Pratt, incumbent mayor Karen Bass, and the Democratic Socialists of America member and chairman of the city council's homelessness committee, Nitya Raman. Now, Raman's expected to finish third in this. It is most likely that what will happen is Pratt and Bass will head to a runoff in November, although Pratt does say he wants to win this thing outright. One of the other things that Varadarajan points to that I think is significant— the difference, the contrast between Pratt and New York Mayor Zoran Mondame. These are the two biggest cities in the country. Don't make any mistake, New York is market one, LA is market two. That's how we measure it for radio, for TV, and in the census. Those are the two biggest cities in the country. Momdani has absolutely made a national spectacle of himself. He comments on issues out of Washington, D.C. He comments on issues all over the United States. Pratt has said he has no desire to weigh in on national or international affairs. Quote, I'm not going to have a word to say about anything but LA. He says the true failures that affect the city are choices made in the city. Now he points to the homeless industrial complex. My preferred turn of phrase is poverty pimps, but I follow him and have no objection. And he says that the city of Los Angeles accounts for 10% of the state's population, 25% of the state's homeless population. And Pratt says it's not homelessness in and of itself, it's drug addiction. You got super drugs like fentanyl, these new synthetic versions mixed with meth that creates a mental health crisis with psychosis in between the highs and lows of the drugs. He says you cannot treat drug addiction with four walls and the idea that we need more beds. Pratt says you need mandatory medical treatment to get these people off the hardest drugs in the history of planet Earth. Pratt describes a story where a mom in South Central came up to him crying. She says, my daughter's not homeless. We have a home for her. She's loved. She lives on the street right now because she's addicted to meth. She needs somebody to get her off that drug so she can come home. And by the way, that's an interesting story in and of itself. Spencer Pratt went to South Central. Now, if you've never seen Spencer Pratt somehow, uh, homeboy is whitey white white, like even his beard's kind of white, vaguely flesh-colored, slightly creepy, but he, he is Caucasian. And he went to South Central to campaign. He went door knocking in a neighborhood that a lot of candidates are kind of scared of. It takes cajones, even if maybe, possibly, arguably some of Pratt's cajones come from being followed around by a camera crew that's taking footage for a future reality TV series. He takes grief for calling vagrants zombies, and when people bring it up and criticize it, he says, I'm calling you a zombie when you're in a fentanyl hang, or you're attacking a mother naked with a weapon, or you're fornicating on the sidewalk in front of children. Before the interview, Varadarajan went to MacArthur Park, just west of downtown LA, and he says, quote, I saw hundreds of addicts, many hunched over while standing up like waxwork men melting in the sun. Men and women injected themselves in plain view. A group were piled onto a prone body, fists flailing, beating the victim to a pulp. A man tried to wrestle a Canada goose while a woman defecated at the edge of the park's lake. On a corner, a charity-operated food truck doled out lunches to a long shuffling line. The squalor was breathtaking. Pratt went to Skid Row just a couple of blocks away to rescue dogs that were being injected by addicts. He says he was sick for 2 days after breathing that air. He said, I had to throw away my shoes. There's another side to this because Varadarajan does continue to extol the fortitude that Pratt is showing in this campaign. And there's, there's some criticism here. He describes the distancing of him, of Pratt, from the GOP as a shrewd political move. The observation that many of his most generous donors are actually Democrats, like the owner of the LA Lakers, former Obama administration official Nicole Avant. And he does have a habit of talking more about targets than policy. He says his goal after 8 years is to have made Los Angeles the safest city in the country. He says his supporters just want change and truth. They want a novice. They don't want a politician. Pratt claims he's had people come to him at fundraisers to say, I support everything you do, but I'd support Lassie the dog instead of these people, which sounds a lot like the comment that I got from Adam Carolla a couple of weeks ago when I asked him about his opinion, because Carolla's interviewed Pratt. He's talked to him a couple of times, and Carolla's response was, inexperienced, doesn't know what he's doing. You, you want Rhamen the socialist? You want Bass the disaster that helped drag LA over this precipice? Or you want a guy that at least wants to change things? But Pratt's support isn't just coming from deep-pocketed, if quiet, Democrats. The founder at TMZ is all over this campaign. Now, do I think that there are two masters being served by this? Yes, I do. Harvey Levin is probably just as smart as Spencer Pratt when it comes to tapping the zeitgeist and grabbing attention. TMZ, wisely, ahead of the spring break for Congress, made a request of the TMZ audience: if you see a member of Congress, House or Senate, out enjoying spring break while DHS goes unfunded? Send us a picture. Let us know how they're spending. That's how we got the Lindsey Graham with the bubble wand photo. Is political kingmaker something that Harvey Levin can add to his resume?

[11:13] **Speaker C:** You didn't start a business just to keep the lights on. You're here to sell more today than yesterday. You're here to win. Lucky for you, Shopify built the best converting checkout on the planet. Like the just one tapping, ridiculously fast acting, sky-high sales stacking champion of checkouts. That's the good stuff right there. So if your business is in it to win it, win with Shopify. Start your free trial today at shopify.com/win.

[11:44] **Speaker D:** This is the story of The One. As a maintenance tech at a university, he knows ordering from multiple suppliers takes time away from keeping their arena up and running. That's why he counts on Grainger to get everything he needs, from lighting and HVAC parts to plumbing supplies, all in one place and with fast, dependable delivery. He's stocked and ready for the next tip-off. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[12:13] **Speaker A:** The United States Soccer Federation presents the U.S. Soccer Podcast.

[12:18] **Speaker E:** My name is David Goss, and I'm joined by my co-host Megan Klingenberg.

[12:22] **Speaker B:** And now we're giving people people an inside look at the World Cup.

[12:25] **Speaker D:** Time's ticking.

[12:26] **Speaker B:** I think you can feel the intensity.

[12:28] **Speaker E:** All the guys are wanting to really stake their claim, and they want to be on that World Cup roster.

[12:31] **Speaker B:** There's no doubt about it. Hosting the World Cup on home soil comes with its pressures, but we're just really excited, just as the people are.

[12:38] **Speaker A:** The U.S. Soccer Podcast presented by Henkel. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.

[12:44] **Speaker D:** This is the story of the one. As a maintenance tech at a university, he knows ordering from multiple suppliers takes time away from keeping their arena up and running. That's why he counts on Grainger to get everything he needs, from lighting and HVAC parts to plumbing supplies, all in one place and with fast, dependable delivery. He's stocked and ready for the next tip-off. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[13:13] **Speaker B:** The Hammer Alley Podcast, an '80s flashback mockumentary. Modestly speaking, in 1986 '87, we knew Hammer Alley was better than Def Leppard, White Lion, Glass Tiger, John Cougar, and other artists named after wildcats. How did they go from top of the rock to rock bottom?

[13:32] **Speaker E:** That band that won Battle of the Bands, Hammer Alley, is as current as a bowling alley.

[13:37] **Speaker B:** Have you been in one of those lately?

[13:40] **Speaker D:** Hammer Alley, follow and listen on your favorite platform.

[13:45] **Speaker B:** Coming back to the Spencer Pratt thing, and an interesting question. Is Harvey Levin becoming a political kingmaker? Now, he did endorse Donald Trump back in 2016, but this is a little different. Not only has TMZ gone so far as to launch a Washington bureau, but that tabloid treatment is getting applied to the political power set. Maybe not quite the same degree of penetration, but that there's something shifting in what TMZ is doing. And a recent livestream from Harvey Levin and some of the guys at TMZ revealing a private phone call that Levin had with Spencer Pratt, uh, talking about the campaign and what kind of support he's expecting should he make it all the way to Los Angeles City Hall.

[14:39] **Speaker E:** I want to say something. Um, so I was talking to Spencer a week and a half ago, and, and I told him, I said, look, one of my big issues with you is you have absolutely no administrative experience. There are 50,000 employees of the City of Los Angeles here, and there are 44 departments, and understanding how to run a massive organization is critical. Spencer said to me, I get it, and I don't have that experience, but I'm going to have really good, smart people underneath me. Um, he mentioned two names, and I was asked not to mention who they were on the air, um, or publicly, and I am not going to do that. However, I wanted to check, as you know, on their— the experience of the people that he's—

[15:32] **Speaker B:** no, he wanted to know if they were on board.

[15:34] **Speaker E:** I wanted to check if they were really— they were actually on board. If they were really on board. This morning I spoke with one of them, and I think the most important person, and wondered, is that person on board? Is it real that this person, A, supports Spencer Pratt, and B, would work in city government for him in the event? Can you describe sort of what this person does? I know you said you're not going to reveal the name. I can't. I mean, it would comp— OK. And this person actually explained to me why this person's name shouldn't come out right now. The person is on board, and the person is committed to actually working with him. So I will say that Spencer was being absolutely honest about it, and it is a really solid person who knows this city. And— You know, I, I will just say that that makes a difference.

[16:33] **Speaker B:** That's Harvey Levin over at TMZ, their live stream earlier this week, and, uh, Harvey revealing that he's following up on Pratt's claim that there's people in LA City Hall, uh, ready to help him hit the ground running. That's an interesting angle of inquiry for a guy who runs a tabloid news magazine to tap into. It's a good one, to be clear, because that's my number one concern with a total amateur climbing into a position of responsibility. I mean, Levin said it just a moment ago, there's 40-plus departments, there's like 50,000 employees, multi-billion dollar budget. You've got all of the logistics, not just of the fire department, the police department, But even the little stuff, the pothole fillers, the graffiti cleaners, the people that have to change streetlights. I mean, managing a city, being mayor of a city requires that you split your attention between a lot of moving parts. And if you've come up through the system, if you've been a school board member and a city council member and you've spent time in the meetings and you've worked in the mayor's office, you probably have a little bit greater sense of what all exactly that entails. And obviously, that's why generally, we tend to elect people that have demonstrated competence at a lower level before we fling them from the frying pan of reality show fame to the, to the fire of politics. Now, whatever you think of the current presidential administration, Donald Trump has demonstrated that when you surround yourself with people who understand the system, it does not require a lifetime in the system to begin to operate the levers of power. For Pratt, this is essential because he's a reality TV villain. He's more of a cartoon character than anything at this point. Now, that doesn't mean that he's a stupid person. I don't believe that he is a stupid person. I think that when it comes to the marketing side of things, Spencer Pratt is flat out a genius. But when you get to something as complicated as operating a city budget, that question of does this person have the support, can he be surrounded by people who will help him do the job, that's key. Now, Harvey Levin talked to one person at City Hall, but it was a person that Pratt had in private conversation named. This person doesn't want to be identified yet because the reality is that there is a distinct possibility that Spencer Pratt will not win and that they will be working with either Rahman or more likely Karen Bass again. The thing that, the thing that frustrates me, the thing that disappoints me is not any of this. It's that Karen Bass has people in City Hall who know their jobs, who understand how to do them well, and despite having had experience She doesn't seem to be interested in tapping into that. And that's something that we're seeing more and more frequently with experienced and career politicians. Not that it's a brand new phenomenon. There's a lot of folks that get into the game, manage to climb on the basis of fundraising or name recognition or good PR, and it turns out that they aren't competent to, uh, administer or legislate at the level to which they finally, uh, rise. The mayor of Los Angeles is surrounded by the same people that Spencer Pratt's going to be surrounded by when he gets into office, and that could be a really great thing for Pratt if these people are genuinely interested in helping him improve the situation in Los Angeles. But on the flip side, as much as I think that Karen Bass is a self-serving doofus. Part of self-service is unquestionably doing the job well enough to keep it. And if these competent, capable, aware people are just sitting around waiting for literally anybody to tap into that vast knowledge, why have they not reached out to the mayor? Why have they not put pressure on the mayor? Fear of retaliation and retribution? Fear they're going to lose their job? If you're speaking up in a private meeting, should you expect to get canned simply because you don't agree with the administrator? Or is it simpler than that? That people who right now say that, oh yeah, I'll definitely work with Spencer Pratt, are part of the problem? That just like in Washington, D.C., Los Angeles City Hall is also unfortunately a swamp. And if it is a swamp, can somebody like Pratt, without the experience to know when he's getting good advice or bad, improve the situation? Hey guys, it's Philip Teresi. Thank you for listening to the Afternoon Drive podcast. Want you to do me a favor, rate and review the podcast, especially if you are an Apple Podcasts user. It helps a lot. It increases our visibility. It helps other people to find not just our podcast, but everything from the KMJ family Podcasts. Enjoy the show. Thank you very much for listening. And if you can take just a minute to rate and review KMJ's Afternoon Drive, however you listen to your podcast, it is sincerely appreciated.

[22:11] **Speaker A:** This is the story of the one. As a procurement manager for a hospital system, she keeps every facility in her network stocked and ready. That's why she counts on Grainger to be her single source for thousands of products, from disinfectants to lighting, air filters, and more. And with fast, dependable delivery, Grainger helps her keep every facility stocked, safe, and running smoothly. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger. For the ones who get it done.
