# Is driving around for cheaper gas really worth your time?

**Show:** 790 KABC
**Date Published:** 2026-03-26
**Date Found:** 2026-03-26
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/is-driving-around-for-cheaper-gas-really-worth-your-time?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 44 minutes

## Summary

This 44-minute episode of 790 KABC mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis â sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, 790 KABC

## Key Moment

> "I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. And I don't have any like 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built last for life. So check them out for yourself. The Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire Infrared Grill for yourself. besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Besthotgrill.com randy. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Let's get right into today's California report at randywangradio.substack.com. And once again, we start with the incredible work and the amazing turnaround of how this city can actually do something when they get shamed into doing it. Matthew Seedorf of Fox 11 is one of my favorite reporters right now. He is getting a lot of tips, a lot of leads, and he is showing where the city is failing the most. And when it's on TV and you can see the failures up close, the city has no excuse. They have to do something about it. So on Monday, Seedorf does this story about the woman living in the storm drain. The sewer lady, and it is just the epitome of LA tragedy and how we don't really do anything to help the people that are on our streets. Because neighbors have been complaining about this for weeks and weeks and weeks. City doesn't do anything. But as soon as Seedorf gets there, what happens? Oh, the hazmat teams come out. They have sealed off this storm drain, make sure that nobody can get in there. By the way, the way that this woman was able to get in there is somebody stole the manhole cover. And how prevalent of a problem is that in Los Angeles, I wonder? But even though LAFD came out to help clear her out and the sanitation department walled off the entire area as a hazmat scene because of all the human waste in there, nobody from the city came to offer this woman services. Nobody from the county came to offer this woman services. So who exactly are we paying to do all these outreach efforts and what are they doing when you have a very obvious case of somebody who's in a crisis, whether that be an addiction crisis or a mental health crisis. Nobody's in their right mind that's living in a storm drain. But no, the city doesn't do a damn thing. Now it's all cleaned off. Now it's all walled off. We'll see what happens now. But none of this would have happened if it wasn't for Matthew Seedorf and Juan Naula, friend of the show, came on the show a few days ago. The Clean LA with Me guy, he's part of the reason this stuff is getting exposed. He discovered this because it was happening on the street he was cleaning up, and he told Seedorf. Seedorf brought the camera, and even though the stench was unbearable, he brought light to just how much of a failure Karen Bass's homeless policy is and the county's homeless policy is. How are we allowing this to happen? And it's not just the woman in the storm drain because a few other things that were caught on camera, including the most L.A. thing possible. Seedorf got footage, or Fox 11 got footage of a street sweeper bobbing and weaving up and down the street, trying to drive around the RVs and the tents. And if you've ever lived in the city of Los Angeles in, I don't know, let's say the San Fernando Valley. I used to live in Valley Village on a street where we had signs that said, after 10:00 AM on Wednesday, it's street sweeper time. And like clockwork, people would come to my house because my studio apartment was also a podcast studio at the time. And I had all kinds of people coming over to record their podcasts. I always had to remind them, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, They're going to ticket your car. It happens to everybody. Now, I lived in that apartment for many years and I saw many people get these street sweeper tickets, but I never saw a street sweeper. So guess what? The exact opposite happens in the homeless neighborhoods. The street sweeper is there, but it can't clean any of the streets because of the RVs. And nobody is getting ticketed. Also, what was documented in this story is how you see all of these utility poles getting hijacked and lines of power extension cords literally going from the utility pole to people stealing it inside their tents. And that's not something we can enforce. They're tapping the fire hydrants and stealing the water. That's not something that we can enforce. There's so little enforcement going on, on top of the fact that people in the neighborhood are afraid to speak out about this because you know what else is embedded in these encampments? It's gangs. It's time to be upfront about that. We knew that what was going on with that big bust of the gangs in MacArthur Park. This is how they operate. You know, you've got all the people who are addicted to drugs living in the encampment, but the people they're buying the drugs from also have tents in the encampment, and that is where they're operating because the city gets to turn a blind eye. So it's a failure on every single level. And I highly recommend of any story that's on the California Report today, this is what this is for, because we're trying to make sure as many people in the city of LA get their eyeballs on this story and the failures of Karen Bass and Inside Safe. Where's her motel room? I mean, I think she needs a little more than a motel room, but where's the city offering this person services that's living in a sewer? It's not happening. It's nonexistent. And the weirdest thing is, if you wanted to show that these programs worked, wouldn't you start in the most visible places? But no, we're not doing that. So here is what the California report is for. Go to randywangradio.substack.com. Click on that story that Matthew Seedorf did of the hazmat situation of the woman living in a storm drain and then share it. You can share that with your friends and family, whether you have a text group or a WhatsApp group. You can email it to people that you think should see it or post it on social media. Share it on social media. I try to retweet as many things as I can from Seedorf when he is breaking a story like this, because the people who are so caught up in their own lives, understandably, or focused on national issues, need to see the human suffering that is going on in our streets every single day. And it's completely unacceptable. And anybody in elected office right now who says this is the best we can do, they need to be fired. I'm not 100% sure which district this is, if this is Curran-Price or Marquise Harris-Dawson, but they got to go. Karen Bass has got to go. This is unacceptable. So I have two pieces of this story on the California report because we have Seedorf's update, but also early in the day, Christina Gonzalez went to talk to this woman and she needs a lot of help and she's not getting it. Now let's give you an update on a different kind of sewer story. This going on in Huntington Beach. We told you about the neighborhood in Huntington Beach that's now getting harassed by Orange County saying that, hey, there's a sewer line under all your homes and we have an easement on it. And so people are being told they have to get rid of the things in their backyard. Well, now one man in this neighborhood says that the county is telling him he has to get rid of part of his living room. And that is— there's got to be some kind of medium here. I mean, how important it is that they can access this sewer line that they haven't had to bother anybody about it for 60 years. Now, this next story hits close to home because I am a frequent traveler out of LAX, And I also used to play in high school band and junior high band. But a video has been going all around the internet of an LAX baggage handler in Terminal 4 on American who was seen on video taking his baggage cart, seeing things like guitar cases and chucking them onto the tarmac. No need to be gentle. No need to take care of the obvious delicate things that are in those bags. Just completely disregarding what his job is. And I don't know if he's completely checked out or what, but I've seen all the bumps that are on my bags and I'm not surprised. Luckily, I never check anything that's too delicate. We have checked wine a couple of times and it's been okay, but you're always a little worried that it's not going to be. And look, I know these people don't get paid a lot, but the people at LAX actually get paid a lot more than the nation's average to do this job. And if you don't want to do that job, if you don't want to take pride in that job, because I'm sure it's a hard job, I'm sure it's a difficult job. But if you're going to treat people's baggage with that little respect, you should not be in baggage handling. Go find something that makes you happy. The worst thing you can do is continue to punish yourself at a job that does not fulfill you. There are many ways to feel fulfilled in life. And there are, even in this economy, there are things you can do. There are things you can do to change your life. And so don't pretend that you're stuck somewhere that you don't want to be. You are there because you choose to be there. So either figure out a way to enjoy it, like think about the fact that so many people are cooped up in an office and you get to be outside, or think about the fact that you're getting a lot of exercise while most people are sitting at a desk and getting fat butt syndrome. But look at the bright side and try to take pride in what you do and be proud of what you do. And if that— you really can't do that, you gotta go find something else to do. If all else fails, take pictures of your feet on OnlyFans. And you see these stories all the time, anytime we get into big gas price spikes, and that's what's going on because of the war in Iran. And of course, all of the fear about the refinery closures in California and the increased regulations from CARB. But you'll always see a story in the local news, and I have one here from San Diego. CBS LA, where you have people who shop around for the cheapest gas station. And okay, maybe you'll find a station that's 10 cents cheaper, 20 cents cheaper. But one, how much gasoline did you burn up driving around trying to find it? And two, and look, I understand if people are really struggling and this is such a regressive tax and everyone that gets hit the hardest are the people that cannot afford this to begin with, are the people that depend on gasoline because they drive for a living. I understand all that. But at the same time, your time is valuable. And I think sometimes you just have to weigh that. You know, I'm sure you could save the $0.10 by going to the Costco gas station and waiting in line for 30 minutes before you can even pump. But maybe that 30 minutes is worth the extra $5 you saved. I would think so. It's just something to think about is remember that your time is very valuable and not to waste it, including on things like driving around to save a nickel. Sometimes it's just not just worth it. But I do understand, It's really tough. People are struggling. I say I understand. I used to be like that. I used to understand what that was like. I have an electric car now. It's pretty great. It has its issues. We've talked about that. But if you have a home where you can have a charger at home and you can charge overnight, it works out pretty well as a commuter vehicle. Now, we haven't had any updates in the Palisades in a while, but I do like this story where there are— there is technology out there. It is not cheap, but it is technology that can really protect your home in the event of a wildfire. It's this incredible home fire defense system that almost like as soon as the flames are getting up to your property, it almost covers everything in foam. It's incredible. It's like something you would see out of a Marvel movie. It's really great. The problem is it can cost tens of thousands of dollars to $100,000, which depending on how expensive your property is, that may be worth it. A lot of people won't be able to afford that. But the biggest issue is insurance isn't giving anyone a discount that gets this. And you know what? The insurance companies, for how much they're on the hook for the Palisades fire, what have you, they should really be figuring out a way to invest in things like this, not only to incentivize homeowners getting it, but yes, giving you a huge break because Well, you're not going to have to use that insurance if this system works properly. And in El Segundo, another situation where somebody tries to act on their own because government is failing. This guy lives near a dangerous intersection and was trying to repaint faded lines that were not in the crosswalk and trying to put up a stop sign. So he tried to buy his own stop sign because the city wasn't doing anything and Yeah, he got arrested for that. In Claremont, the Claremont Police Department is really trying to be transparent with their policing data. And so now they have a crime tracking tool. It is a website that you can go onto and it can show you where crimes are happening, what the arrests are. And I think any more transparency like that is a great thing. Now here's the complete opposite of transparency and the complete epitome of failure of government and confusion. This is a great story and another one worth sharing because it just— if you've ever lived in LA, you understand this. NBC LA did an investigative piece. Why are parking signs across LA so complicated and confusing? Why are there so many parking signs on top of each other? It is such a mess and it's almost like they're encouraging you to get ticketed or towed. But That story gave me a chuckle. Now, another piece that NBC LA is working on is the situation going on with the LA City Council and the study they've been funding for over 5 years to get LAPD to stop being involved in traffic violations. They say they want to limit something called pretextual stops, where police see a broken taillight and use that to pull you over because they think you're a drug dealer. Of color. And they say those kind of stops disproportionately affect people of color, and it is completely unnecessary. But of course, it goes further than that. This group doesn't want LAPD involved in any kind of non-moving traffic violation. So expired tags doesn't matter, broken taillights doesn't matter, giant dice in the rearview mirror so you can't see behind you That doesn't matter. And for as dangerous as our streets are, shouldn't we want to be making sure that everyone on the road is driving as safely as possible? But I guess not. And we've talked a lot about cities that don't work. Los Angeles. Here's some of the fun things that happen in a city that does work. The city of Whittier, which is a smaller city, which means it's not a complete failure. They're actually being proactive about something that irritates everybody. And that, of course, is broken sidewalks. So they actually have a group now of 6 robots. They're called DaxBots. And you know what the DaxBots do? Well, one, you take a selfie in front of them and they have a QR code so you can go on their socials. But more importantly, they roll up and down the sidewalks of Whittier and they make sure that there's no cracks, that there's no uprooted trees. And if there are, it's flagged. And someone puts that on the list for repair. And because this is Whittier, not the city of Los Angeles, that gets done in a timely fashion, not 10 years later. I would love to stay in Southern California, but the one thing that I want to do when I have a chance to move again, which is not going to be for a while because, you know, interest rates, but I want out of the city of L.A. The city of LA is a dumpster fire. And even though the county has its own problems, there are cities in the county that function, Whittier being one of them. In the Bay Area, Oakland's interim police chief says he wants the job permanently, so he needs to get evaluated. In Berkeley, they're deciding whether to expand or scrap the flock camera system, which we've seen what happened in Richmond. If you get rid of these cameras, car thefts will explode. Everyone's freaking out about gas prices in the Bay Area as well, and Consumer Watchdog, the consumer protection organization, they're calling out the Trump administration for the war in Iran, and they're also calling out Gavin Newsom for not going after the oil companies who they say are price gouging. Could everything be true at once? Maybe. It's also the refinery closures and cap and trade and everything else. And I do like this. You know, there's still a lot of talk about the government shutdown and how that's affecting airports. Well, one of the things that the airlines have decided to do to get members of Congress to, I don't know, come to some kind of an agreement is Delta is suspending specialty services for Congress members. They got to wait in the TSA line and the check-in line like the rest of us. Mind you, I just want everyone to remember the story we covered a few weeks ago with all this nonsense going on where TSA members are not getting paid, that transit officers are getting paid at SFO because they have a privatized contract. And maybe every airport needs to do that because what we're doing right now is not fair when we're in a place of uncertainty where there's going to be shutdowns all the time. And this story, it infuriates me. It's the last one we'll do today. There's a lot more stuff in the California report, and you can check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. But the public defender in San Francisco who's been claiming he's so overloaded with cases he can't take new cases, which is a fun little loophole to get cases thrown out. Well, he's been held in contempt of court and charged on 24 different $1,000 fines for refusing to do his job. And these public defenders, the chief public defenders, they make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. If you don't want to do your job and you can't blame the district attorney that is doing their job for bringing cases, that's what we're supposed to do. They're supposed to charge the criminals. You're supposed to defend them. You don't get to let them get off by saying, I don't have time to represent them. There's a lot more in today's California report. Check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, and I don't have any, like, 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built to last for life. So check them out for yourself, the Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire Infrared Grill for yourself. BestHotGrill.com/Randy. That's BestHotGrill.com/Randy. BestHotGrill.com/Randy. Hi, this is Alex Kanshrewitz. I'm the host of Big Technology Podcast, a longtime reporter and an on-air contributor to CNBC. And if you're like me, you're trying to figure out how artificial intelligence is changing the business world and our lives. So each week on Big Technology, I bring on key actors from companies building AI tech and outsiders trying to influence it, asking where this is all going."
> â Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. And I don't have any like 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built last for life. So check them out for yourself. The Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire Infrared Grill for yourself. besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Besthotgrill.com randy. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Let's get right into today's California report at randywangradio.substack.com. And once again, we start with the incredible work and the amazing turnaround of how this city can actually do something when they get shamed into doing it. Matthew Seedorf of Fox 11 is one of my favorite reporters right now. He is getting a lot of tips, a lot of leads, and he is showing where the city is failing the most. And when it's on TV and you can see the failures up close, the city has no excuse. They have to do something about it. So on Monday, Seedorf does this story about the woman living in the storm drain. The sewer lady, and it is just the epitome of LA tragedy and how we don't really do anything to help the people that are on our streets. Because neighbors have been complaining about this for weeks and weeks and weeks. City doesn't do anything. But as soon as Seedorf gets there, what happens? Oh, the hazmat teams come out. They have sealed off this storm drain, make sure that nobody can get in there. By the way, the way that this woman was able to get in there is somebody stole the manhole cover. And how prevalent of a problem is that in Los Angeles, I wonder? But even though LAFD came out to help clear her out and the sanitation department walled off the entire area as a hazmat scene because of all the human waste in there, nobody from the city came to offer this woman services. Nobody from the county came to offer this woman services. So who exactly are we paying to do all these outreach efforts and what are they doing when you have a very obvious case of somebody who's in a crisis, whether that be an addiction crisis or a mental health crisis. Nobody's in their right mind that's living in a storm drain. But no, the city doesn't do a damn thing. Now it's all cleaned off. Now it's all walled off. We'll see what happens now. But none of this would have happened if it wasn't for Matthew Seedorf and Juan Naula, friend of the show, came on the show a few days ago. The Clean LA with Me guy, he's part of the reason this stuff is getting exposed. He discovered this because it was happening on the street he was cleaning up, and he told Seedorf. Seedorf brought the camera, and even though the stench was unbearable, he brought light to just how much of a failure Karen Bass's homeless policy is and the county's homeless policy is. How are we allowing this to happen? And it's not just the woman in the storm drain because a few other things that were caught on camera, including the most L.A. thing possible. Seedorf got footage, or Fox 11 got footage of a street sweeper bobbing and weaving up and down the street, trying to drive around the RVs and the tents. And if you've ever lived in the city of Los Angeles in, I don't know, let's say the San Fernando Valley. I used to live in Valley Village on a street where we had signs that said, after 10:00 AM on Wednesday, it's street sweeper time. And like clockwork, people would come to my house because my studio apartment was also a podcast studio at the time. And I had all kinds of people coming over to record their podcasts. I always had to remind them, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, They're going to ticket your car. It happens to everybody. Now, I lived in that apartment for many years and I saw many people get these street sweeper tickets, but I never saw a street sweeper. So guess what? The exact opposite happens in the homeless neighborhoods. The street sweeper is there, but it can't clean any of the streets because of the RVs. And nobody is getting ticketed. Also, what was documented in this story is how you see all of these utility poles getting hijacked and lines of power extension cords literally going from the utility pole to people stealing it inside their tents. And that's not something we can enforce. They're tapping the fire hydrants and stealing the water. That's not something that we can enforce. There's so little enforcement going on, on top of the fact that people in the neighborhood are afraid to speak out about this because you know what else is embedded in these encampments? It's gangs. It's time to be upfront about that. We knew that what was going on with that big bust of the gangs in MacArthur Park. This is how they operate. You know, you've got all the people who are addicted to drugs living in the encampment, but the people they're buying the drugs from also have tents in the encampment, and that is where they're operating because the city gets to turn a blind eye. So it's a failure on every single level. And I highly recommend of any story that's on the California Report today, this is what this is for, because we're trying to make sure as many people in the city of LA get their eyeballs on this story and the failures of Karen Bass and Inside Safe. Where's her motel room? I mean, I think she needs a little more than a motel room, but where's the city offering this person services that's living in a sewer? It's not happening. It's nonexistent. And the weirdest thing is, if you wanted to show that these programs worked, wouldn't you start in the most visible places? But no, we're not doing that. So here is what the California report is for. Go to randywangradio.substack.com. Click on that story that Matthew Seedorf did of the hazmat situation of the woman living in a storm drain and then share it. You can share that with your friends and family, whether you have a text group or a WhatsApp group. You can email it to people that you think should see it or post it on social media. Share it on social media. I try to retweet as many things as I can from Seedorf when he is breaking a story like this, because the people who are so caught up in their own lives, understandably, or focused on national issues, need to see the human suffering that is going on in our streets every single day. And it's completely unacceptable. And anybody in elected office right now who says this is the best we can do, they need to be fired. I'm not 100% sure which district this is, if this is Curran-Price or Marquise Harris-Dawson, but they got to go. Karen Bass has got to go. This is unacceptable. So I have two pieces of this story on the California report because we have Seedorf's update, but also early in the day, Christina Gonzalez went to talk to this woman and she needs a lot of help and she's not getting it. Now let's give you an update on a different kind of sewer story. This going on in Huntington Beach. We told you about the neighborhood in Huntington Beach that's now getting harassed by Orange County saying that, hey, there's a sewer line under all your homes and we have an easement on it. And so people are being told they have to get rid of the things in their backyard. Well, now one man in this neighborhood says that the county is telling him he has to get rid of part of his living room. And that is— there's got to be some kind of medium here. I mean, how important it is that they can access this sewer line that they haven't had to bother anybody about it for 60 years. Now, this next story hits close to home because I am a frequent traveler out of LAX, And I also used to play in high school band and junior high band. But a video has been going all around the internet of an LAX baggage handler in Terminal 4 on American who was seen on video taking his baggage cart, seeing things like guitar cases and chucking them onto the tarmac. No need to be gentle. No need to take care of the obvious delicate things that are in those bags. Just completely disregarding what his job is. And I don't know if he's completely checked out or what, but I've seen all the bumps that are on my bags and I'm not surprised. Luckily, I never check anything that's too delicate. We have checked wine a couple of times and it's been okay, but you're always a little worried that it's not going to be. And look, I know these people don't get paid a lot, but the people at LAX actually get paid a lot more than the nation's average to do this job. And if you don't want to do that job, if you don't want to take pride in that job, because I'm sure it's a hard job, I'm sure it's a difficult job. But if you're going to treat people's baggage with that little respect, you should not be in baggage handling. Go find something that makes you happy. The worst thing you can do is continue to punish yourself at a job that does not fulfill you. There are many ways to feel fulfilled in life. And there are, even in this economy, there are things you can do. There are things you can do to change your life. And so don't pretend that you're stuck somewhere that you don't want to be. You are there because you choose to be there. So either figure out a way to enjoy it, like think about the fact that so many people are cooped up in an office and you get to be outside, or think about the fact that you're getting a lot of exercise while most people are sitting at a desk and getting fat butt syndrome. But look at the bright side and try to take pride in what you do and be proud of what you do. And if that— you really can't do that, you gotta go find something else to do. If all else fails, take pictures of your feet on OnlyFans. And you see these stories all the time, anytime we get into big gas price spikes, and that's what's going on because of the war in Iran. And of course, all of the fear about the refinery closures in California and the increased regulations from CARB. But you'll always see a story in the local news, and I have one here from San Diego. CBS LA, where you have people who shop around for the cheapest gas station. And okay, maybe you'll find a station that's 10 cents cheaper, 20 cents cheaper. But one, how much gasoline did you burn up driving around trying to find it? And two, and look, I understand if people are really struggling and this is such a regressive tax and everyone that gets hit the hardest are the people that cannot afford this to begin with, are the people that depend on gasoline because they drive for a living. I understand all that. But at the same time, your time is valuable. And I think sometimes you just have to weigh that. You know, I'm sure you could save the $0.10 by going to the Costco gas station and waiting in line for 30 minutes before you can even pump. But maybe that 30 minutes is worth the extra $5 you saved. I would think so. It's just something to think about is remember that your time is very valuable and not to waste it, including on things like driving around to save a nickel. Sometimes it's just not just worth it. But I do understand, It's really tough. People are struggling. I say I understand. I used to be like that. I used to understand what that was like. I have an electric car now. It's pretty great. It has its issues. We've talked about that. But if you have a home where you can have a charger at home and you can charge overnight, it works out pretty well as a commuter vehicle. Now, we haven't had any updates in the Palisades in a while, but I do like this story where there are— there is technology out there. It is not cheap, but it is technology that can really protect your home in the event of a wildfire. It's this incredible home fire defense system that almost like as soon as the flames are getting up to your property, it almost covers everything in foam. It's incredible. It's like something you would see out of a Marvel movie. It's really great. The problem is it can cost tens of thousands of dollars to $100,000, which depending on how expensive your property is, that may be worth it. A lot of people won't be able to afford that. But the biggest issue is insurance isn't giving anyone a discount that gets this. And you know what? The insurance companies, for how much they're on the hook for the Palisades fire, what have you, they should really be figuring out a way to invest in things like this, not only to incentivize homeowners getting it, but yes, giving you a huge break because Well, you're not going to have to use that insurance if this system works properly. And in El Segundo, another situation where somebody tries to act on their own because government is failing. This guy lives near a dangerous intersection and was trying to repaint faded lines that were not in the crosswalk and trying to put up a stop sign. So he tried to buy his own stop sign because the city wasn't doing anything and Yeah, he got arrested for that. In Claremont, the Claremont Police Department is really trying to be transparent with their policing data. And so now they have a crime tracking tool. It is a website that you can go onto and it can show you where crimes are happening, what the arrests are. And I think any more transparency like that is a great thing. Now here's the complete opposite of transparency and the complete epitome of failure of government and confusion. This is a great story and another one worth sharing because it just— if you've ever lived in LA, you understand this. NBC LA did an investigative piece. Why are parking signs across LA so complicated and confusing? Why are there so many parking signs on top of each other? It is such a mess and it's almost like they're encouraging you to get ticketed or towed. But That story gave me a chuckle. Now, another piece that NBC LA is working on is the situation going on with the LA City Council and the study they've been funding for over 5 years to get LAPD to stop being involved in traffic violations. They say they want to limit something called pretextual stops, where police see a broken taillight and use that to pull you over because they think you're a drug dealer. Of color. And they say those kind of stops disproportionately affect people of color, and it is completely unnecessary. But of course, it goes further than that. This group doesn't want LAPD involved in any kind of non-moving traffic violation. So expired tags doesn't matter, broken taillights doesn't matter, giant dice in the rearview mirror so you can't see behind you That doesn't matter. And for as dangerous as our streets are, shouldn't we want to be making sure that everyone on the road is driving as safely as possible? But I guess not. And we've talked a lot about cities that don't work. Los Angeles. Here's some of the fun things that happen in a city that does work. The city of Whittier, which is a smaller city, which means it's not a complete failure. They're actually being proactive about something that irritates everybody. And that, of course, is broken sidewalks. So they actually have a group now of 6 robots. They're called DaxBots. And you know what the DaxBots do? Well, one, you take a selfie in front of them and they have a QR code so you can go on their socials. But more importantly, they roll up and down the sidewalks of Whittier and they make sure that there's no cracks, that there's no uprooted trees. And if there are, it's flagged. And someone puts that on the list for repair. And because this is Whittier, not the city of Los Angeles, that gets done in a timely fashion, not 10 years later. I would love to stay in Southern California, but the one thing that I want to do when I have a chance to move again, which is not going to be for a while because, you know, interest rates, but I want out of the city of L.A. The city of LA is a dumpster fire. And even though the county has its own problems, there are cities in the county that function, Whittier being one of them. In the Bay Area, Oakland's interim police chief says he wants the job permanently, so he needs to get evaluated. In Berkeley, they're deciding whether to expand or scrap the flock camera system, which we've seen what happened in Richmond. If you get rid of these cameras, car thefts will explode. Everyone's freaking out about gas prices in the Bay Area as well, and Consumer Watchdog, the consumer protection organization, they're calling out the Trump administration for the war in Iran, and they're also calling out Gavin Newsom for not going after the oil companies who they say are price gouging. Could everything be true at once? Maybe. It's also the refinery closures and cap and trade and everything else. And I do like this. You know, there's still a lot of talk about the government shutdown and how that's affecting airports. Well, one of the things that the airlines have decided to do to get members of Congress to, I don't know, come to some kind of an agreement is Delta is suspending specialty services for Congress members. They got to wait in the TSA line and the check-in line like the rest of us. Mind you, I just want everyone to remember the story we covered a few weeks ago with all this nonsense going on where TSA members are not getting paid, that transit officers are getting paid at SFO because they have a privatized contract. And maybe every airport needs to do that because what we're doing right now is not fair when we're in a place of uncertainty where there's going to be shutdowns all the time. And this story, it infuriates me. It's the last one we'll do today. There's a lot more stuff in the California report, and you can check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. But the public defender in San Francisco who's been claiming he's so overloaded with cases he can't take new cases, which is a fun little loophole to get cases thrown out. Well, he's been held in contempt of court and charged on 24 different $1,000 fines for refusing to do his job. And these public defenders, the chief public defenders, they make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. If you don't want to do your job and you can't blame the district attorney that is doing their job for bringing cases, that's what we're supposed to do. They're supposed to charge the criminals. You're supposed to defend them. You don't get to let them get off by saying, I don't have time to represent them. There's a lot more in today's California report. Check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, and I don't have any, like, 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built to last for life. So check them out for yourself, the Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire Infrared Grill for yourself. BestHotGrill.com/Randy. That's BestHotGrill.com/Randy. BestHotGrill.com/Randy. Hi, this is Alex Kanshrewitz. I'm the host of Big Technology Podcast, a longtime reporter and an on-air contributor to CNBC. And if you're like me, you're trying to figure out how artificial intelligence is changing the business world and our lives. So each week on Big Technology, I bring on key actors from companies building AI tech and outsiders trying to influence it, asking where this is all going."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. And I don't have any like 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built last for life. So check them out for yourself. The Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire Infrared Grill for yourself. besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Besthotgrill.com randy. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Let's get right into today's California report at randywangradio.substack.com. And once again, we start with the incredible work and the amazing turnaround of how this city can actually do something when they get shamed into doing it. Matthew Seedorf of Fox 11 is one of my favorite reporters right now. He is getting a lot of tips, a lot of leads, and he is showing where the city is failing the most. And when it's on TV and you can see the failures up close, the city has no excuse. They have to do something about it. So on Monday, Seedorf does this story about the woman living in the storm drain. The sewer lady, and it is just the epitome of LA tragedy and how we don't really do anything to help the people that are on our streets. Because neighbors have been complaining about this for weeks and weeks and weeks. City doesn't do anything. But as soon as Seedorf gets there, what happens? Oh, the hazmat teams come out. They have sealed off this storm drain, make sure that nobody can get in there. By the way, the way that this woman was able to get in there is somebody stole the manhole cover. And how prevalent of a problem is that in Los Angeles, I wonder? But even though LAFD came out to help clear her out and the sanitation department walled off the entire area as a hazmat scene because of all the human waste in there, nobody from the city came to offer this woman services. Nobody from the county came to offer this woman services. So who exactly are we paying to do all these outreach efforts and what are they doing when you have a very obvious case of somebody who's in a crisis, whether that be an addiction crisis or a mental health crisis. Nobody's in their right mind that's living in a storm drain. But no, the city doesn't do a damn thing. Now it's all cleaned off. Now it's all walled off. We'll see what happens now. But none of this would have happened if it wasn't for Matthew Seedorf and Juan Naula, friend of the show, came on the show a few days ago. The Clean LA with Me guy, he's part of the reason this stuff is getting exposed. He discovered this because it was happening on the street he was cleaning up, and he told Seedorf. Seedorf brought the camera, and even though the stench was unbearable, he brought light to just how much of a failure Karen Bass's homeless policy is and the county's homeless policy is. How are we allowing this to happen? And it's not just the woman in the storm drain because a few other things that were caught on camera, including the most L.A. thing possible. Seedorf got footage, or Fox 11 got footage of a street sweeper bobbing and weaving up and down the street, trying to drive around the RVs and the tents. And if you've ever lived in the city of Los Angeles in, I don't know, let's say the San Fernando Valley. I used to live in Valley Village on a street where we had signs that said, after 10:00 AM on Wednesday, it's street sweeper time. And like clockwork, people would come to my house because my studio apartment was also a podcast studio at the time. And I had all kinds of people coming over to record their podcasts. I always had to remind them, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, They're going to ticket your car. It happens to everybody. Now, I lived in that apartment for many years and I saw many people get these street sweeper tickets, but I never saw a street sweeper. So guess what? The exact opposite happens in the homeless neighborhoods. The street sweeper is there, but it can't clean any of the streets because of the RVs. And nobody is getting ticketed. Also, what was documented in this story is how you see all of these utility poles getting hijacked and lines of power extension cords literally going from the utility pole to people stealing it inside their tents. And that's not something we can enforce. They're tapping the fire hydrants and stealing the water. That's not something that we can enforce. There's so little enforcement going on, on top of the fact that people in the neighborhood are afraid to speak out about this because you know what else is embedded in these encampments? It's gangs. It's time to be upfront about that. We knew that what was going on with that big bust of the gangs in MacArthur Park. This is how they operate. You know, you've got all the people who are addicted to drugs living in the encampment, but the people they're buying the drugs from also have tents in the encampment, and that is where they're operating because the city gets to turn a blind eye. So it's a failure on every single level. And I highly recommend of any story that's on the California Report today, this is what this is for, because we're trying to make sure as many people in the city of LA get their eyeballs on this story and the failures of Karen Bass and Inside Safe. Where's her motel room? I mean, I think she needs a little more than a motel room, but where's the city offering this person services that's living in a sewer? It's not happening. It's nonexistent. And the weirdest thing is, if you wanted to show that these programs worked, wouldn't you start in the most visible places? But no, we're not doing that. So here is what the California report is for. Go to randywangradio.substack.com. Click on that story that Matthew Seedorf did of the hazmat situation of the woman living in a storm drain and then share it. You can share that with your friends and family, whether you have a text group or a WhatsApp group. You can email it to people that you think should see it or post it on social media. Share it on social media. I try to retweet as many things as I can from Seedorf when he is breaking a story like this, because the people who are so caught up in their own lives, understandably, or focused on national issues, need to see the human suffering that is going on in our streets every single day. And it's completely unacceptable. And anybody in elected office right now who says this is the best we can do, they need to be fired. I'm not 100% sure which district this is, if this is Curran-Price or Marquise Harris-Dawson, but they got to go. Karen Bass has got to go. This is unacceptable. So I have two pieces of this story on the California report because we have Seedorf's update, but also early in the day, Christina Gonzalez went to talk to this woman and she needs a lot of help and she's not getting it. Now let's give you an update on a different kind of sewer story. This going on in Huntington Beach. We told you about the neighborhood in Huntington Beach that's now getting harassed by Orange County saying that, hey, there's a sewer line under all your homes and we have an easement on it. And so people are being told they have to get rid of the things in their backyard. Well, now one man in this neighborhood says that the county is telling him he has to get rid of part of his living room. And that is— there's got to be some kind of medium here. I mean, how important it is that they can access this sewer line that they haven't had to bother anybody about it for 60 years. Now, this next story hits close to home because I am a frequent traveler out of LAX, And I also used to play in high school band and junior high band. But a video has been going all around the internet of an LAX baggage handler in Terminal 4 on American who was seen on video taking his baggage cart, seeing things like guitar cases and chucking them onto the tarmac. No need to be gentle. No need to take care of the obvious delicate things that are in those bags. Just completely disregarding what his job is. And I don't know if he's completely checked out or what, but I've seen all the bumps that are on my bags and I'm not surprised. Luckily, I never check anything that's too delicate. We have checked wine a couple of times and it's been okay, but you're always a little worried that it's not going to be. And look, I know these people don't get paid a lot, but the people at LAX actually get paid a lot more than the nation's average to do this job. And if you don't want to do that job, if you don't want to take pride in that job, because I'm sure it's a hard job, I'm sure it's a difficult job. But if you're going to treat people's baggage with that little respect, you should not be in baggage handling. Go find something that makes you happy. The worst thing you can do is continue to punish yourself at a job that does not fulfill you. There are many ways to feel fulfilled in life. And there are, even in this economy, there are things you can do. There are things you can do to change your life. And so don't pretend that you're stuck somewhere that you don't want to be. You are there because you choose to be there. So either figure out a way to enjoy it, like think about the fact that so many people are cooped up in an office and you get to be outside, or think about the fact that you're getting a lot of exercise while most people are sitting at a desk and getting fat butt syndrome. But look at the bright side and try to take pride in what you do and be proud of what you do. And if that— you really can't do that, you gotta go find something else to do. If all else fails, take pictures of your feet on OnlyFans. And you see these stories all the time, anytime we get into big gas price spikes, and that's what's going on because of the war in Iran. And of course, all of the fear about the refinery closures in California and the increased regulations from CARB. But you'll always see a story in the local news, and I have one here from San Diego. CBS LA, where you have people who shop around for the cheapest gas station. And okay, maybe you'll find a station that's 10 cents cheaper, 20 cents cheaper. But one, how much gasoline did you burn up driving around trying to find it? And two, and look, I understand if people are really struggling and this is such a regressive tax and everyone that gets hit the hardest are the people that cannot afford this to begin with, are the people that depend on gasoline because they drive for a living. I understand all that. But at the same time, your time is valuable. And I think sometimes you just have to weigh that. You know, I'm sure you could save the $0.10 by going to the Costco gas station and waiting in line for 30 minutes before you can even pump. But maybe that 30 minutes is worth the extra $5 you saved. I would think so. It's just something to think about is remember that your time is very valuable and not to waste it, including on things like driving around to save a nickel. Sometimes it's just not just worth it. But I do understand, It's really tough. People are struggling. I say I understand. I used to be like that. I used to understand what that was like. I have an electric car now. It's pretty great. It has its issues. We've talked about that. But if you have a home where you can have a charger at home and you can charge overnight, it works out pretty well as a commuter vehicle. Now, we haven't had any updates in the Palisades in a while, but I do like this story where there are— there is technology out there. It is not cheap, but it is technology that can really protect your home in the event of a wildfire. It's this incredible home fire defense system that almost like as soon as the flames are getting up to your property, it almost covers everything in foam. It's incredible. It's like something you would see out of a Marvel movie. It's really great. The problem is it can cost tens of thousands of dollars to $100,000, which depending on how expensive your property is, that may be worth it. A lot of people won't be able to afford that. But the biggest issue is insurance isn't giving anyone a discount that gets this. And you know what? The insurance companies, for how much they're on the hook for the Palisades fire, what have you, they should really be figuring out a way to invest in things like this, not only to incentivize homeowners getting it, but yes, giving you a huge break because Well, you're not going to have to use that insurance if this system works properly. And in El Segundo, another situation where somebody tries to act on their own because government is failing. This guy lives near a dangerous intersection and was trying to repaint faded lines that were not in the crosswalk and trying to put up a stop sign. So he tried to buy his own stop sign because the city wasn't doing anything and Yeah, he got arrested for that. In Claremont, the Claremont Police Department is really trying to be transparent with their policing data. And so now they have a crime tracking tool. It is a website that you can go onto and it can show you where crimes are happening, what the arrests are. And I think any more transparency like that is a great thing. Now here's the complete opposite of transparency and the complete epitome of failure of government and confusion. This is a great story and another one worth sharing because it just— if you've ever lived in LA, you understand this. NBC LA did an investigative piece. Why are parking signs across LA so complicated and confusing? Why are there so many parking signs on top of each other? It is such a mess and it's almost like they're encouraging you to get ticketed or towed. But That story gave me a chuckle. Now, another piece that NBC LA is working on is the situation going on with the LA City Council and the study they've been funding for over 5 years to get LAPD to stop being involved in traffic violations. They say they want to limit something called pretextual stops, where police see a broken taillight and use that to pull you over because they think you're a drug dealer. Of color. And they say those kind of stops disproportionately affect people of color, and it is completely unnecessary. But of course, it goes further than that. This group doesn't want LAPD involved in any kind of non-moving traffic violation. So expired tags doesn't matter, broken taillights doesn't matter, giant dice in the rearview mirror so you can't see behind you That doesn't matter. And for as dangerous as our streets are, shouldn't we want to be making sure that everyone on the road is driving as safely as possible? But I guess not. And we've talked a lot about cities that don't work. Los Angeles. Here's some of the fun things that happen in a city that does work. The city of Whittier, which is a smaller city, which means it's not a complete failure. They're actually being proactive about something that irritates everybody. And that, of course, is broken sidewalks. So they actually have a group now of 6 robots. They're called DaxBots. And you know what the DaxBots do? Well, one, you take a selfie in front of them and they have a QR code so you can go on their socials. But more importantly, they roll up and down the sidewalks of Whittier and they make sure that there's no cracks, that there's no uprooted trees. And if there are, it's flagged. And someone puts that on the list for repair. And because this is Whittier, not the city of Los Angeles, that gets done in a timely fashion, not 10 years later. I would love to stay in Southern California, but the one thing that I want to do when I have a chance to move again, which is not going to be for a while because, you know, interest rates, but I want out of the city of L.A. The city of LA is a dumpster fire. And even though the county has its own problems, there are cities in the county that function, Whittier being one of them. In the Bay Area, Oakland's interim police chief says he wants the job permanently, so he needs to get evaluated. In Berkeley, they're deciding whether to expand or scrap the flock camera system, which we've seen what happened in Richmond. If you get rid of these cameras, car thefts will explode. Everyone's freaking out about gas prices in the Bay Area as well, and Consumer Watchdog, the consumer protection organization, they're calling out the Trump administration for the war in Iran, and they're also calling out Gavin Newsom for not going after the oil companies who they say are price gouging. Could everything be true at once? Maybe. It's also the refinery closures and cap and trade and everything else. And I do like this. You know, there's still a lot of talk about the government shutdown and how that's affecting airports. Well, one of the things that the airlines have decided to do to get members of Congress to, I don't know, come to some kind of an agreement is Delta is suspending specialty services for Congress members. They got to wait in the TSA line and the check-in line like the rest of us. Mind you, I just want everyone to remember the story we covered a few weeks ago with all this nonsense going on where TSA members are not getting paid, that transit officers are getting paid at SFO because they have a privatized contract. And maybe every airport needs to do that because what we're doing right now is not fair when we're in a place of uncertainty where there's going to be shutdowns all the time. And this story, it infuriates me. It's the last one we'll do today. There's a lot more stuff in the California report, and you can check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. But the public defender in San Francisco who's been claiming he's so overloaded with cases he can't take new cases, which is a fun little loophole to get cases thrown out. Well, he's been held in contempt of court and charged on 24 different $1,000 fines for refusing to do his job. And these public defenders, the chief public defenders, they make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. If you don't want to do your job and you can't blame the district attorney that is doing their job for bringing cases, that's what we're supposed to do. They're supposed to charge the criminals. You're supposed to defend them. You don't get to let them get off by saying, I don't have time to represent them. There's a lot more in today's California report. Check it out at randywangradio.substack.com. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, and I don't have any, like, 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built to last for life. So check them out for yourself, the Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire Infrared Grill for yourself. BestHotGrill.com/Randy. That's BestHotGrill.com/Randy. BestHotGrill.com/Randy. Hi, this is Alex Kanshrewitz. I'm the host of Big Technology Podcast, a longtime reporter and an on-air contributor to CNBC. And if you're like me, you're trying to figure out how artificial intelligence is changing the business world and our lives. So each week on Big Technology, I bring on key actors from companies building AI tech and outsiders trying to influence it, asking where this is all going.

[22:04] **Speaker B:** They come from places like NVIDIA, Microsoft, Amazon, and plenty more.

[22:08] **Speaker A:** So if you want to be smart with your wallet, your career choices, and meetings with your colleagues and at dinner parties, listen to Big Technology Podcast wherever you get your podcasts. The Global Gaming League is presented by Atlas Earth, the fun cashback app. Hey, it's Howie Mandel, and I am inviting you to witness history as me and my How We Do It gaming team take on Gilly the King and Waluigi. $267 million gaming in an epic Global Gaming League video game showdown, plus a halftime performance by multi-platinum artist Travie McCoy. Watch all the action and see who wins and advances to the championship match right now at globalgamingleague.com. That's globalgamingleague.com, in partnership with Level Up Expo. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. If you don't get a chance to listen to the 5 o'clock show every day, subscribe to the podcast. Search for the KABC News Blitz, where wherever you get your podcasts, hit follow, hit subscribe, and every single 5 o'clock show goes right to your phone. We'd appreciate it. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. Subscribe to my Substack at randywangradio.substack.com and you too can get the California report in your email every single weekday. Our next guest is the executive director of California Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse, Victor Gomez. Welcome to the News Blitz.

[23:39] **Speaker B:** Hey Randy, how you doing?

[23:40] **Speaker A:** Let's go ahead and introduce yourself. What exactly is Citizens Against Law Abuse California?

[23:48] **Speaker B:** Yeah, well, first of all, pleasure to be, uh, with you here this evening. Well, California Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse is a grassroots organization. It's just a few of us that work on combating frivolous lawsuits up and down the state. What we do in many cases is we do legislative advocacy. We make sure that stories that we're hearing out there in the community are told and that politicians up in Sacramento are listening to us, listening to the concerns, especially those concerns of small and medium-sized businesses. We have a lot of them being hit with these frivolous ADA lawsuits where Somebody will sue you because your parking stall is faded and not the right blue. Maybe a urinal in your bathroom in your coffee shop is an inch too high or too low. We're seeing a lot of that running rampant here in California, leading to about a third of all ADA lawsuits in the nation. We also focus a lot of efforts around legislation that could be problematic that really just creates these frivolous type of lawsuit environments. And then, of course, third-party litigation funding, which I'm sure we'll talk about, is also another, you know, really important thing that we try to focus on. But again, we're trying to work really hard to keep companies here and stop these companies from fleeing the state of California.

[25:07] **Speaker A:** Well, and let's start with, you know, ADA lawsuits, which have been rampant for years and years and years. And part of the issue here is that ADA has something called the private right of action where there may not even be a victim. There may not be a disabled person that wasn't able to reach the soap dispenser in a bathroom, to use the most common example. But an attorney can file a theoretical claim of somebody being a victim of this, even though they have nothing to do with this, which has led to ADA trolls going into businesses just looking for things to sue.

[25:45] **Speaker B:** Yeah, no doubt about it. You know, in many cases, these— what we call in, in these ADA lawsuits are drive-by lawsuits. Lawsuits, right? And actually, in many cases, they don't even need to drive by. They could actually just go on Google Maps and take a look at the establishment from the exterior. They don't even need to patronize your business. But if they find out that you are not in compliance with ADA law, they could sue you for each and every infraction, and in many cases, leading these small, again, small businesses out of business. These ADA lawsuits are really impacting companies, again, small retailers out in our communities and really every town in California that are roughly around 50 employees or less. So they know, hey, we can't go after the corporations. They have lawyers. They know exactly what they're doing. We're going to go after this low-hanging fruit, as they call, and we're going to sue you. And guess what? If we knock you out of business, you know, oh, wow. COVID was a perfect example of that. During COVID folks weren't going out. So these attorneys were filing lawsuits left and right by just going to Google Maps and saying, Hey, look, this business looks to be out of compliance. Here's a lawsuit. Figure it out. And unfortunately, it really doesn't help anybody, Randy. It helps nobody because the issue doesn't get fixed. A lot of these businesses will settle. They'll just pay out what the lawyer wants, and the ramp never gets fixed. We are big supporters of accessibility for those that are disabled, but unfortunately, these trial attorneys don't want those things fixed. Because if they get them fixed, they can't see you anymore. And unfortunately, again, it's having a huge impact on small business here in California.

[27:24] **Speaker A:** Now, the ADA, of course, is a federal law, but what can legislatively be done in California to protect businesses from things like this?

[27:34] **Speaker B:** Well, you know, California has created this litigious climate where, you know, under the UNRRA Act, they could file a lawsuit like, like essentially being liable for each and every infraction under ADA law. That's actually specific to California. And so the trial attorney, the trial bar, is certainly one of the most active, politically driven organizations here in California. They give money to the state legislature, to the governor, to the attorney general, so they turn a blind eye. Well, we're working on opportunities to try to fix that. Senator Nielo from up in the Sacramento, Sacramento area introduced SB 84, which we call the Notice to Cure Act. Essentially, before you could actually file a lawsuit against any kind of retailer, again, coffee shop, taco shop, whatever it happens to be, you have to give them a notice. They have 120 days to fix it, and if they don't fix it, then rightfully so, they get sued. But trial attorneys again are fighting hard for that bill not to move forward because they know, hey, if they fix these issues, it's one less opportunity we have to sue. That's less money in our bank account, less money we could put in the hands of politicians. And unfortunately, you know, they're really not moving or not putting a lot of emphasis on these bills. But SB 84 could really be a remedy for companies here in California. And we really hope that there actually is an advancement of that bill. They have about 2 months to advance it and We're still staying optimistic and hoping that bill does, does move forward.

[29:16] **Speaker A:** Let me tell you about something we have going on here locally, and this is recent, and it has shown that just the fear of certain litigation can lead a city to just completely stop doing basic services. So a couple of years ago, the organized group Streets for All got a measure on the ballot called Measure HLA. And it was passed. And it was an initiative that said anytime the street paves a road, they have to put in bike lanes and they have to put in road diet measures and traffic calming measures. And what was in that law is if the city paves a road and they do not do that, thanks to a private right of action, anybody can sue the city over it. And you know what the result has been, Victor? Since that law was passed, the city just stopped paving roads.

[30:05] **Speaker B:** Yeah, massive losses. And we're seeing that not, you know, not, not only just in the LA area. I mean, we're kind of seeing that, you know, throughout the state in many cases where, you know, folks are just, you know, saying, hey, where is— where are our dollars coming? Where are they disappearing to? Uh, we're not getting any of these roads fixed. And that's a perfect example of squandering those opportunities because folks are really— local government in many cases, like you just said, is really holding back from making those improvements because of the fear of these lawsuits. And they know, I mean, local government, when you go after taxpayer money, in many cases, you know, a lot of folks, if they're not getting hit personally, they just kind of turn a blind eye. And unfortunately, in many of these cases, even in these ADA lawsuits that we were talking about, it's actually local government, school districts, special districts, water districts that are getting hit with these lawsuits. And really, at the end of the day, we end up paying for it through higher taxes and what we also call a tort tax, right, that we all pay every single year when we pay our state taxes. A lot of that, again, is disappearing into these lawsuits.

[31:15] **Speaker A:** Well, and to that point, you look at a place like the city of Los Angeles and their budget last year when there was a huge budget deficit deficit of nearly $1 billion. Part of the problem was they had budgeted $100 million that year for liability, and they paid out $300 million. And it's things like that that lead to cutting certain services to the bone, like light repair, like sidewalk repair, which when you don't have that basic infrastructure leads to even more people getting hurt, which leads to even more lawsuits and it's a straight-up doom loop.

[31:51] **Speaker B:** Yeah, and in many of these cases, these— we don't even know who's behind these lawsuits, right? I mean, there recently, uh, Randy, I'm sure you've heard, there's been, uh, cases where folks are really gambling in the— what I call the litigation market, right? Where they say, hey, instead of going to Vegas, uh, I'm gonna do what, what we call this third-party litigation funding, where somebody says, hey, I have $100,000. I want a good return on my investment. Hey, this law firm is looking for funders to fund a lawsuit against the city of LA. If I give them $100 grand, they're going to return back $4 million. And there's no, there's no disclosures, none of that. So we don't even know where a lot of these lawsuits are coming from. And actually, by the way, a lot of that money is coming from, from China. A lot of that money is actually coming from outside of the United States, driving more litigation here in the United States. And as you just said, we all end up paying the price by having, you know, less or, you know, you know, parks that should be cleaned that are not being cleaned, roads that are not being paved that should be paved. You know, public works folks that are out there trimming trees, doing what they— that what we expect them to do. Unfortunately, they're not doing it. Because they're spending again so much money on paying out these lawsuits or these settlements.

[33:13] **Speaker A:** We're speaking with Victor Gomez. He's the executive director of Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse California. Now we're in the middle of a primary for a governor's race, and one of the things that all the candidates are talking about is California's housing crisis, how we just haven't built enough housing. The housing is too expensive. And something that seems to have consensus from Democrats running on— from candidates running on the Democrat side and the Republican side is that one of the issues that we have when it comes to building housing in California is we've kind of killed the ability to build starter housing. And for a lot of people, a starter house used to be condos, but we don't really build condos the way we used to because of the defect liability law, which means that after a developer builds a condo, an HOA 10 years later can sue them for anything wrong with the building, which has just stopped the building of condos.

[34:13] **Speaker B:** Yeah, it's really had a huge impact on affordability. The affordable, affordability crisis here in California obviously is, is far, you know, far greater than in many other states here in the nation. Maybe not, you know, maybe compared to New York and such. But in many— and yes, a lot of actually, a lot of these are blue states where you're seeing a lot of upfront costs, right? CEQA is a perfect example, right? The California Environmental Quality Act that you need to put together, right? The CEQA document you need to put together when you're building one of these either condominium complexes or these larger subdivision or apartment complexes. You know, they— that actually creates another opportunity for litigation and exposure and again slows down the process, adds cost to it. And the politicians are really not doing anything to advance those solutions, right, to streamline the process for development. I'm sure you heard recently Senator Wiener up from San Francisco introduced SB 982, which it says essentially if you're in a community that was burned down by a natural disaster, by a fire, you could actually sue the oil companies. You could say, hey, my house burned down and I think it was climate change and now I'm going to sue Chevron and they're responsible for my house being burned down. I mean, that is insane here in California. The cost of housing is only going to increase. The cost of everyday goods is going to increase. The cost of insurance is going to increase. And it's going to be even harder to qualify to purchase a home when you have higher insurance rates, right? When you have these lawsuits being filed by these condominium developers and builders, it just continues to add up in affordability. Again, they're trying to address affordability to an extent, and then it backfires and they're left in this situation where it's actually costing consumers a lot more money.

[36:18] **Speaker A:** You mentioned CEQA, California's environmental law, which allows anybody to pretty much stop a project until they go through certain kinds of reviews, and you can sue over it. You look at something like the California High-Speed Rail, which gets a lot of laughs anytime it's brought up on this radio Station. But you look at that project and what has happened since it started construction in 2012, which is a very long time ago, and most of the holdups and most of the increases in the cost have been the fact that it has been mired in litigation, specifically over CEQA, over and over and over again. And there's just something so bizarre about something that the state got passed in an effort to clean up the environment was sued over and over and over again thanks to a state law claiming environmental damage.

[37:11] **Speaker B:** Yeah, and look, the state understands that CEQA is a problem. I mean, look at, look at what Governor Newsom did with the fires in the Los Angeles area, right? He right away said, hey guys, I have a great idea. I'm going to remove the red tape for all of you fire victims and I'm going to bypass the CEQA process for you. You do not need to prepare a CEQA document to rebuild that entire area. Well, guess what? Why don't you apply that same logic to all housing? Why don't you remove CEQA from all of this? That way you're not getting sued by labor unions, you're not getting sued by, you know, companies that are looking to slow down your project or kill your project. In many cases, it's, you know, organizations like environmental organizations like the Sierra Club and the Audubon Society that are actually filing these lawsuits and slowing down the process for all of these projects. And they know that CEQA is a problem. They know it, Randy. You know why? Because they're rebuilding the state capitol right now. Guess what law didn't apply to them when they wanted to submit their plans to rebuild the state capitol? Sequa. I'm gonna guess they knew it right off the bat. Yeah, yeah, it's, it's insane. I mean, they know it's a problem, they sort of admit that it's a problem, yet they do nothing to, to find a solution to fix the problem.

[38:36] **Speaker A:** Victor Gomez, the executive director of Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse California. You can check out their website and learn more about them at CaliforniaCALA.org. Victorgomez.com. Thanks so much for spending some time with us today.

[38:52] **Speaker B:** Pleasure being with you. Thank you.

[38:54] **Speaker A:** It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. And I don't have any, like, 100% confirmation on this, but I swear my propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it. But it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just— you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel, built to last for life. So check them out for yourself. The Solaire Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing, and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Besthotgrill.com/randy. Tyler Reddick here from 23XI Racing. The rush of racing, nothing beats it, but Chumba Casino comes close.

[40:08] **Speaker B:** Chumba's got fast spins, fun games, daily bonuses, and all the action you can handle.

[40:14] **Speaker A:** Now that's a ride.

[40:16] **Speaker B:** Ready to hit the throttle?

[40:18] **Speaker A:** Get in the driver's seat and head to ChumbaCasino.com. Let's Chumba. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group. Void where prohibited by law. 21+. Terms and conditions apply. The Bleacher Report app is your destination for sports. Right now, the NBA is heating up, March Madness is here, and MLB is almost back. Every day there's a new headline, a new highlight, a new moment you've got to see for yourself. That's why I stay locked in with the Bleacher Report app. For me, it's about staying connected to my sports. I can follow the teams I care about, get real-time scores, breaking news, and highlights all in one place. Download the Bleacher Report app today so you never miss a moment. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. There's a bill working its way through the legislature that would be giving the ultimate punishment to DUI offenders. Banning them from buying alcohol. Love the idea in concept, but how do you enforce that? It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. The other night we had something for dinner that we haven't done in a while, and oh, I missed it. So I went to Lazy Acres in Los Feliz because I wanted to stock up on some flat iron steaks. And, you know, pick up on some of the other things that we can get there. I honestly, I went there because my wife really likes this Momofuku black truffle chili crisps. And I'm like, well, I'm going to get a whole bunch of that. They only had one jar left. But as I was browsing in the meat section, I saw duck breast. I'm like, wow, we haven't done duck in a long time. When we were on the diet, we weren't really doing things like duck, because if you're going to do duck, you're going to do potatoes. And we weren't doing potatoes. But I was like, you know what? I think we've earned a little duck in our lives. So here's how my wife does the duck. First off, you score the fat, the skin side, and then you, on a cold cast iron pan, put that duck in there, skin side down, and start it on a low heat, creep it up to a medium heat. You are looking to render the fat. Then once it starts to get that crispy, golden, beautiful brown, and you're on a higher heat, you flip it to the other side, give it a couple of minutes. You're gonna get a, it's not like chicken, even though it is poultry-esque, it's more like steak. But let me tell you, it's so great, especially when you serve it with mashed potatoes, 'cause you take all the duck fat that was rendered and you pour that on the potatoes. They don't call it liquid gold for nothing. And what do you pair with your duck breast and your mashed potatoes and your green beans? 'Cause you have to have something green on the plate. Pinot Noir. We opened a Rath Pinot and it was a beautiful cherry explosion. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on KABC. I love my Solaire infrared grill. It is so easy to turn that thing on. It heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. And I don't have any, like, 100% confirmation on this, but I swear My propane tanks last way longer with this thing considering how much I use it, but it does such a great job on steaks, on chicken, on sausages, on shrimp and veggies. You, you can't just, you can't even just get how great this thing is. I love it. I use it all the time. And these things are stainless steel built to last for life. So check them out for yourself. The Solar Infrared Grill. Red Rasmussen really knows what he's doing and you can see it for yourself and see if there's a size that makes sense for you. They come in all different kinds of shapes and sizes with different kinds of attachments. Go to the website and check out the Solaire infrared grill for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. Besthotgrill.com/randy.
