# 🚨NATO HIT By Russia?! Trump WARNED Europe -- Now U.S. Troops Leaving

**Show:** The Trish Regan Show
**Date Published:** 2026-05-30
**Date Found:** 2026-05-30
**URL:** https://76research.com?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 73 minutes

## Summary

This 73-minute episode of The Trish Regan Show mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The Trish Regan Show

## Key Moment

> "Okay, so it was the wrong soundbite, unfortunately, but he's also making— he's very He's very, very good. I gotta tell you. The left hates him, 'cause he's so darn good. He's very smart. And I know him, and he's actually a nice person. They give him a very bad rap. But the point is, is that in that case, he's talking about illegals and the possibility that they're gonna be voting, which is something that, for whatever reason, out in LA, they really like to do. I mean, that was unbelievable. Remember the mayoral debate? And everybody thinks it should be worth considering except for Spencer Pratt, who actually has a couple of brain cells. I'm telling you, it's amazing that they think that that's going to work. Anyway, Stephen had a very good point. He said, look, you know what? We assume the best. And when you come here and you take advantage of us, it's really kind of a problem. And this is what Ilhan is believed to have done, to try to take advantage. I mean, she didn't try, she did, right? What do you think that was about? My gosh. I mean, just disgusting, just absolutely disgusting that they did that. And that she's not even showing any kind of remorse. And she says, when you dare to ask her about any of it, she said, "No, no, how can you say that? Like, you're just being racist." And that's her MO over and over and over again. Again, we're asking simple questions. When people say, "How did you get to $30 million?" And she said, "How dare you ask that? You just somehow think that I am not entitled to have my American dream." No, we just really wanna know how you got to $30 million, right? Because your hubby kinda seemed like a loser with his little cannabis company. Companies for which he was multiple times accused of fraud with. And suddenly he's got a venture capital business involved in 81 different countries and da da da da da da da. And somehow now you two are worth up to $30 billion? Like, how does that happen? We're allowed to ask that question. You can't turn around and say that it's racist. And you know what? She's got to face the music. Okay, here she is with Margaret Brennan. And a few months ago when this was all coming out and Margaret's like, you know, most of them are from your district and most of them are from the Somali community. And do you have anything to say about that? No. Of the 87 people charged, all but 8 are of Somali descent. And that has added to the spotlight being put specifically on your community. Why do you think this fraud was allowed to get so widespread? Well, I want to say, you know, this also has an impact on Somalis because we are also taxpayers in— okay, so we're really— well, Minnesota, we also could have benefited from the program and the money that was stolen. And so it's been really frustrating for people to to not acknowledge the fact that we're, you know, we're also as— as Minnesota. Can you not just answer the question? And as taxpayers, really upset and angry about the fraud that has occurred. Listen, I actually, you know, innocent until proven guilty, but there are just too many questions here, guys. Too many questions. And I've said this to you before, and I'm going to say it again. I'm frustrated because I don't feel like we're getting enough information. I do trust the system in that I know that the president can't stand her, okay? Like, I know that. He cannot stand her. And this has been an enormous thing to have come forward. And she's kind of saying, "Tell it to the hand." Like, she has not been cooperating with authorities, from everything I've gathered. And so they're having to go around her and figure this out. And what they're doing— and I guarantee you this is happening because Wilbessens already said this, they are looking at all of those people that were involved in Feeding Our Future, and they are saying, okay, where was their money going? Now, it's complicated. We've talked about this before. I've done terror financing investigations before, actually in Latin America, associated with the bombing of the Israeli embassy down there and the community center. That was years ago. They killed so many people, and that was, of course, Iran that backed Iran was the one that was giving the terror organizations the money to be able to follow through with those horrific attacks. One of the reasons Treasury needs to look at this very carefully and follow through with where this money was going is that if it got entered into the Hawala system, then without a doubt, al-Shabaab is getting some. I realize, you know, Ilhan wants you to think that that's somehow racist if I say this, but Hawala The Obama is operated by the terrorist financiers, period, full stop. So they always take their part off the top. So that's why it's so crucial on so many levels. And I know we're talking about getting rid of her out of the country, but you know what? She might have to do her time first. Here's the other thing. If they get her on the immigration fraud, and apparently JD Vance is convinced that she committed immigration fraud, if they get her on that, you know what has to happen? She has to leave the country. Like, that's a disqualifier, full stop. Immigration fraud, they don't mess around with. Like, you're done, finito, it's over. So if they figure out that she had a hand in some of this fraud, and if they figure out, yes, it's immigration fraud, then, well, I guess she goes to jail and then she gets sent out. I don't know the order of that, but, you know, we might actually be entertaining that. And I I say that very seriously. I say this to friends. I say, listen, I think that there's something messed up there. And again, you know, she's innocent till proven guilty, but the fact that she won't come forward with the documentation to actually clear her name also strikes me as extraordinarily suspicious. I mean, if someone said to you, gee, how'd you go to $30 million and there was a House Ethics Committee investigation into you, wouldn't you like come forward with the necessary documentation? I mean, that's what a normal person would do unless, you know, she knows that she's so darn guilty and she's gotta go run and hide and this is what her lawyers are telling her to do. I don't know. Reminder, I always forget to tell everybody to subscribe, so please subscribe and tell your friends. We're here every day on the Trish Regan Show, a little later than normal. We missed our friend Don Baca in the chat because, you know, it's like the middle of the night over in Europe where he is. He would have appreciated all this. So Don, if you watch on the replay, we're thinking of you right now. Spencer Pratt, guys, he might just win this thing. Yeah. Spencer Pratt might become the next mayor of LA. It would not surprise me at all. I'm telling you, this guy is on a roll. And you know why? Because he talks common sense. And like 40% of LA is not even decided. I think they're terrified to tell pollsters who they're really voting for. It's like the shy Trump voter all over again. But here's the most recent poll. Look at him climbing there. Nice, nice, nice. This is Berkeley Ipsos poll. Is that right? Berkeley— it's hard to see here— IGS poll. And Karen Bass is in the lead. And Raman is right behind her. Now, I want to point out that you have to get 50%. Okay, you have to get 50% on Election Day, which is just like, you know, a couple of days. It's like hours away at this point. You have to get 50%. If you don't get 50%, then you go to a runoff, which is held in November. And so the question is, is it Karen and Raman or is it Karen and Spencer? And I think it's going to be Karen and Spencer. Because I think people are not telling you what they really are going to do on Election Day. They're just kind of afraid to do that. Here's something that's great. He put this one out on Twitter. She's been going after him saying, "Oh, you know, he's just a reality star. Just a reality star. You know, when he was in his 20s, he was just busy doing, you know, reality star stuff, and I was busy working hard for the working people." And he got her back. He said, "You know, when I was in my 20s, I was on a TV show. When Karen Bass was in her 20s, 20s, she was training in terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare with communists in Cuba, back when the LA Times was still in LA and used to tell the truth. Whoa! And then he has a little excerpt here from the LA Times saying, plaintiff Karen Bass, according to a 1973 intelligence document provided to the Times, traveled to Cuba with the 6th contingent of the Venceremos Brigade. The brigade trains revolutionary-prone Americans in terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare while claiming to harvest sugarcane. Bass, she characterized herself as one of the leaders. She returned from Cuba to the USA bringing back propaganda literature, the document noted, without citing the source of this information. This is from an article there The Times from LA that he cited and put out on Twitter, 1983. Woo! Like, that might just do it. Because, you know, I gotta say, like, I look at the motivation of these people, I don't get it, I don't understand it. You really want to turn us into Cuba? You want to turn LA into Havana, lady? I mean, it might as well already be. You look around and it's one ugly sight. It's bad, guys, it's bad. And you know what, you get all the homeless on the street, you get unfortunately— oh God, Gosh, do we have this soundbite for you? I think we do. And this is the people that they talk to. Someone on Fox actually went out and did a whole bunch of MOSs with people, and they were talking to them about, you know, what they wanted to see there in— I'm going to call it Little Havana because that's certainly how it feels. And they were pretty upfront about it. They're like, this is one gross, awful place. One gross, awful place. And they said, you know what, we're gonna actually vote for— wait for it— for Pratt, right? They're voting for Pratt because they feel like he's the only guy that can clean it up. We're going to go first to Spencer Pratt, who talked about what he intends to do in his first 3 weeks in office, and I think he's going to get it. Watch."
> — Speaker A at 52:13
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [52:13] Speaker A: "Okay, so it was the wrong soundbite, unfortunately, but he's also making— he's very He's very, very good. I gotta tell you. The left hates him, 'cause he's so darn good. He's very smart. And I know him, and he's actually a nice person. They give him a very bad rap. But the point is, is that in that case, he's talking about illegals and the possibility that they're gonna be voting, which is something that, for whatever reason, out in LA, they really like to do. I mean, that was unbelievable. Remember the mayoral debate? And everybody thinks it should be worth considering except for Spencer Pratt, who actually has a couple of brain cells. I'm telling you, it's amazing that they think that that's going to work. Anyway, Stephen had a very good point. He said, look, you know what? We assume the best. And when you come here and you take advantage of us, it's really kind of a problem. And this is what Ilhan is believed to have done, to try to take advantage. I mean, she didn't try, she did, right? What do you think that was about? My gosh. I mean, just disgusting, just absolutely disgusting that they did that. And that she's not even showing any kind of remorse. And she says, when you dare to ask her about any of it, she said, "No, no, how can you say that? Like, you're just being racist." And that's her MO over and over and over again. Again, we're asking simple questions. When people say, "How did you get to $30 million?" And she said, "How dare you ask that? You just somehow think that I am not entitled to have my American dream." No, we just really wanna know how you got to $30 million, right? Because your hubby kinda seemed like a loser with his little cannabis company. Companies for which he was multiple times accused of fraud with. And suddenly he's got a venture capital business involved in 81 different countries and da da da da da da da. And somehow now you two are worth up to $30 billion? Like, how does that happen? We're allowed to ask that question. You can't turn around and say that it's racist. And you know what? She's got to face the music. Okay, here she is with Margaret Brennan. And a few months ago when this was all coming out and Margaret's like, you know, most of them are from your district and most of them are from the Somali community. And do you have anything to say about that? No. Of the 87 people charged, all but 8 are of Somali descent. And that has added to the spotlight being put specifically on your community. Why do you think this fraud was allowed to get so widespread? Well, I want to say, you know, this also has an impact on Somalis because we are also taxpayers in— okay, so we're really— well, Minnesota, we also could have benefited from the program and the money that was stolen. And so it's been really frustrating for people to to not acknowledge the fact that we're, you know, we're also as— as Minnesota. Can you not just answer the question? And as taxpayers, really upset and angry about the fraud that has occurred. Listen, I actually, you know, innocent until proven guilty, but there are just too many questions here, guys. Too many questions. And I've said this to you before, and I'm going to say it again. I'm frustrated because I don't feel like we're getting enough information. I do trust the system in that I know that the president can't stand her, okay? Like, I know that. He cannot stand her. And this has been an enormous thing to have come forward. And she's kind of saying, "Tell it to the hand." Like, she has not been cooperating with authorities, from everything I've gathered. And so they're having to go around her and figure this out. And what they're doing— and I guarantee you this is happening because Wilbessens already said this, they are looking at all of those people that were involved in Feeding Our Future, and they are saying, okay, where was their money going? Now, it's complicated. We've talked about this before. I've done terror financing investigations before, actually in Latin America, associated with the bombing of the Israeli embassy down there and the community center. That was years ago. They killed so many people, and that was, of course, Iran that backed Iran was the one that was giving the terror organizations the money to be able to follow through with those horrific attacks. One of the reasons Treasury needs to look at this very carefully and follow through with where this money was going is that if it got entered into the Hawala system, then without a doubt, al-Shabaab is getting some. I realize, you know, Ilhan wants you to think that that's somehow racist if I say this, but Hawala The Obama is operated by the terrorist financiers, period, full stop. So they always take their part off the top. So that's why it's so crucial on so many levels. And I know we're talking about getting rid of her out of the country, but you know what? She might have to do her time first. Here's the other thing. If they get her on the immigration fraud, and apparently JD Vance is convinced that she committed immigration fraud, if they get her on that, you know what has to happen? She has to leave the country. Like, that's a disqualifier, full stop. Immigration fraud, they don't mess around with. Like, you're done, finito, it's over. So if they figure out that she had a hand in some of this fraud, and if they figure out, yes, it's immigration fraud, then, well, I guess she goes to jail and then she gets sent out. I don't know the order of that, but, you know, we might actually be entertaining that. And I I say that very seriously. I say this to friends. I say, listen, I think that there's something messed up there. And again, you know, she's innocent till proven guilty, but the fact that she won't come forward with the documentation to actually clear her name also strikes me as extraordinarily suspicious. I mean, if someone said to you, gee, how'd you go to $30 million and there was a House Ethics Committee investigation into you, wouldn't you like come forward with the necessary documentation? I mean, that's what a normal person would do unless, you know, she knows that she's so darn guilty and she's gotta go run and hide and this is what her lawyers are telling her to do. I don't know. Reminder, I always forget to tell everybody to subscribe, so please subscribe and tell your friends. We're here every day on the Trish Regan Show, a little later than normal. We missed our friend Don Baca in the chat because, you know, it's like the middle of the night over in Europe where he is. He would have appreciated all this. So Don, if you watch on the replay, we're thinking of you right now. Spencer Pratt, guys, he might just win this thing. Yeah. Spencer Pratt might become the next mayor of LA. It would not surprise me at all. I'm telling you, this guy is on a roll. And you know why? Because he talks common sense. And like 40% of LA is not even decided. I think they're terrified to tell pollsters who they're really voting for. It's like the shy Trump voter all over again. But here's the most recent poll. Look at him climbing there. Nice, nice, nice. This is Berkeley Ipsos poll. Is that right? Berkeley— it's hard to see here— IGS poll. And Karen Bass is in the lead. And Raman is right behind her. Now, I want to point out that you have to get 50%. Okay, you have to get 50% on Election Day, which is just like, you know, a couple of days. It's like hours away at this point. You have to get 50%. If you don't get 50%, then you go to a runoff, which is held in November. And so the question is, is it Karen and Raman or is it Karen and Spencer? And I think it's going to be Karen and Spencer. Because I think people are not telling you what they really are going to do on Election Day. They're just kind of afraid to do that. Here's something that's great. He put this one out on Twitter. She's been going after him saying, "Oh, you know, he's just a reality star. Just a reality star. You know, when he was in his 20s, he was just busy doing, you know, reality star stuff, and I was busy working hard for the working people." And he got her back. He said, "You know, when I was in my 20s, I was on a TV show. When Karen Bass was in her 20s, 20s, she was training in terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare with communists in Cuba, back when the LA Times was still in LA and used to tell the truth. Whoa! And then he has a little excerpt here from the LA Times saying, plaintiff Karen Bass, according to a 1973 intelligence document provided to the Times, traveled to Cuba with the 6th contingent of the Venceremos Brigade. The brigade trains revolutionary-prone Americans in terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare while claiming to harvest sugarcane. Bass, she characterized herself as one of the leaders. She returned from Cuba to the USA bringing back propaganda literature, the document noted, without citing the source of this information. This is from an article there The Times from LA that he cited and put out on Twitter, 1983. Woo! Like, that might just do it. Because, you know, I gotta say, like, I look at the motivation of these people, I don't get it, I don't understand it. You really want to turn us into Cuba? You want to turn LA into Havana, lady? I mean, it might as well already be. You look around and it's one ugly sight. It's bad, guys, it's bad. And you know what, you get all the homeless on the street, you get unfortunately— oh God, Gosh, do we have this soundbite for you? I think we do. And this is the people that they talk to. Someone on Fox actually went out and did a whole bunch of MOSs with people, and they were talking to them about, you know, what they wanted to see there in— I'm going to call it Little Havana because that's certainly how it feels. And they were pretty upfront about it. They're like, this is one gross, awful place. One gross, awful place. And they said, you know what, we're gonna actually vote for— wait for it— for Pratt, right? They're voting for Pratt because they feel like he's the only guy that can clean it up. We're going to go first to Spencer Pratt, who talked about what he intends to do in his first 3 weeks in office, and I think he's going to get it. Watch."
- [64:02] Speaker A: "Nothing that Bass has done, but you're going to vote for her. I'm not even voting. Does it matter? It really doesn't matter. Spencer Pratt. Spencer Pratt. We're going to have a Pratt Daddy summer, I'll tell you that."
- [64:14] Speaker A: "I think it could happen. I mean, I really do. I think a lot of people are not telling the pollsters who they're going to vote for because they're shy about this. And you've got the establishment that's just trying to put him down and put him down and put him down. How dare he come out and run for mayor? How dare he? How dare he put out these AI memes and this, that, and the other? And gosh, the guy's got over a million followers on Twitter now. How dare he? He's just a reality star. Listen to CNN freaking out over the idea that a Spencer Pratt could be mayor of LA."
- [64:52] Speaker I: "People want something different, and I think Spencer Pratt offers that."
- [65:16] Speaker A: "we've entered the era of the celebrity politician. And look, I think messaging is the whole thing. Yeah, it's the whole shebang. And going back to the founding of the country, We wanted leaders that came from the people and of the people. I don't know. They're like, oh my gosh, how can this be? I mean, how can you possibly have a guy like Spencer Pratt who just actually is living the hell that most people in LA are living? I mean, don't forget why he got involved in politics. It was because his house burnt down and Karen Bass didn't care. No, no one cared. And she still hasn't done anything about the fires and she still hasn't done anything about the homeless. And you got a real little set of problems there in LA because ever since 2020, since George Floyd, guess what? They figured they don't have to actually police. That's the problem. Democrats are against the police. They want to defund the police. And believe me, that goes a long way towards what? Oh, I don't know, increasing crime. It's not that hard. I keep saying this. Would anybody please, anybody show some common sense? This guy tries to talk a little common sense. He adds a little few facts and figures to really flesh out his argument. There on CNN. And little blondie who's sitting next door to him is like, oh no, watch this. This is a good clip."

## Full Transcript

[00:01] **Speaker A:** Donald Trump warned them over and over and over and over again. I don't know how many times he's warned them, but it's been countless. And he has told the Europeans, you know what, get your act together. And here we are, ladies and gentlemen, today with the first ever strike that actually hit a civilian, a 14-year-old. Fortunately, no major injuries, but a 14-year-old is in the hospital. And you know what? This is just uncalled for. If Europe would do what it needs to do, we probably wouldn't be in this situation right now. You know, he's given them good advice, but they haven't taken it. And right now we've got a bit of a situation over there in Romania where an apartment building was actually struck by one of these drones. It's believed to be a Russian drone, and it was being diverted out of Ukraine. You see here on the map, uh, Romania has actually been a pretty good part of NATO. They've been one of the better players in this whole game. But you know, if you don't have everybody on board— and this has always been my point about the darn EU, it's just a mess, okay? Because they don't have anybody strong leading them. So you've got a bunch of countries that are acting in their own interest, and they got a freeloader problem that we have seen in spades. We have been frankly, the victim of that freeloading because they freeload off of us. And then, and then this happens. So, uh, some of this video coming into us from civilians there overseas in Romania. Again, I want to just bring you up to speed. It looks like that's some of the remnants of what had transpired, a building there getting hit, a 10-story civilian building. The drone actually hit the roof, causing an explosion and a fire. You had 2 civilians that were injured, albeit with minor injuries, thank goodness. Residents were evacuated. The fire was quickly contained. And you're looking there at that fire that had happened. Now, um, look, it, it's not good. It's absolutely not good. And I, I would just keep going back to this, as we've said all along, you know what, this is going to continue getting bad if they don't do something, if they don't step up to the plate, for goodness sakes. I mean, we just wanted 5%, 5% of GDP. You know how much more we can tribute? Come on. All right. And this is, this is sort of the, the upshot of that. I want to go to some of the responses that we have seen from the US, from various countries, from the Romanian president, and of course from Vladimir Putin, who doesn't necessarily want to take any blame for any of this and is even questioning whether or not this was a Russian drone. So we'll get to that. Here is the Romanian president saying the Russian drone which crashed into the apartment building in Galati was likely hit by Ukrainian air defenses. So his position is that, you know what, this was a Russian drone that was going in to hit Ukraine, and instead of hitting its target in Ukraine, it was diverted because the Ukrainians were protecting themselves, and then they wound up hitting, of course, Galati in Romania. Mark Whitaker— forgive me, Matthew Whitaker— he is our ambassador to NATO. He is saying, look, we stand by our NATO ally Romania and condemn this reckless incursion on its territory. Our thoughts are with the injured in Galati. We will defend every inch of our NATO territory. So that was an interesting commentary. We actually haven't heard from the president, and we haven't heard from Marco Rubio on that, but the U.S. ambassador to NATO coming out and saying, look, we stand by our allies, which is kind of the right thing to do. Not that they did that for us, right? Not that they did that for us. You've got Spain, which we're going to talk about in, in in depth here today because I have some theories on Spain, which just opened an embassy in Tehran, all while telling us and the rest of the world that the, the war is illegal. Yeah. So they're cozying up to Iran and now they're condemning this, of course. And I kind of like, I just wonder what's going on there. We'll explore that a little bit. But don't forget, Marco Rubio has been very emphatic about Spain. They're not contributing. They refuse to contribute. Totally refused to contribute to NATO. I mean, they're just like giving everybody the middle finger. No, we're not going to do our 5%. And Marco was just over there in Rome with the Prime Minister of Rome, Giorgia Meloni, and he could have called her out because, you know what, she didn't allow us to use Sigonella or our base in Sicily. But instead, he pointed his remarks directly, precisely a little Pedro Sánchez in Spain.

[04:46] **Speaker B:** Europe— some countries in Europe, like Spain as an example, denied us the use of those bases for a very important contingency. That in some ways the denial of those bases actually impeded the mission, not severely, but had a cost, and in fact even created some unnecessary dangers. So if the re— if one of the main reasons why the U.S. is in NATO is the ability to have forces deployed in Europe that we could project to other contingencies. And now that's no longer the case, at least when it comes to some NATO members. That's a problem and it has to be examined. Uh, but ultimately that's a decision for the president to make his team and people like myself and others will provide him what those potential options are. But ultimately he'll have to make that decision.

[05:26] **Speaker A:** Yeah. And you know what? He's made the decision because that was a couple of days ago, you know, time flies and he's made the decision and he's pulling troops out. He's pulling troops, 10,000 of them, right out of Germany. He actually, it's almost like they knew. They kind of knew. Remember the other day they came forward and they said, we're going to put 5,000 more into Poland. And they've said, hey, Romania has done a good job. Poland's done a good job. Germany, you definitely haven't. And we're taking 10,000 troops. And not only that, we're going to slap some tariffs on your car manufacturers if you don't get your act together and start committing, or following through, I should say, on the commitments that you have already made, right, to make those investments here in the US. I mean, Germany said, we'll do this, that, and the other. And then they haven't bothered. And so now they got an extension on the deadline. Donald Trump said, we'll give you to July 4th, our 250th birthday. And if you don't do it by then, woo-hoo, we're gonna tariff you. And so he's threatening that. I will say, this is very interesting. Okay. So we've said repeatedly, guys, get your fricking act together, start spending money, start investing. Okay. Cause we can't do it forever. Like we have been. 81 years is enough. You are firmly on your own two feet. You are all grown up. You have mature economies. So do what you need to do, for goodness sakes. And we are taking our toys and going home, so to speak, right? All the submarines are coming out. Our jets are coming out. And Marco Rubio sat up there in Sweden and he told them last Friday, you know what, you guys should be okay with this because we've been telegraphing it over and over and over and over again. I mean, how many times have we talked about it here on this show? And so today, today he was meeting with his counterpart from Pakistan, I imagine talking about the Iran deal. We'll get to that because new developments there that we gotta discuss as well. Boy, oil's been tanking, right? What'd I tell you? Watch those oil markets. They give you a lot of insight into what's going on and whether or not we're gonna get a deal. But Marco Rubio was asked by a Newsweek reporter as the two of them came out for the photo op, and oh my gosh, Marco couldn't get out of there fast enough. Look at him. He's like pulling a Karen Bass. Remember when Karen Bass got back from Africa? Africa, and they— he was in the middle of the fires, and they're like, hey, you know, do you have a comment? And she just kind of looked through the guy. Marco's pulling one of those moves. At least he's sort of smiling for the camera. But watch this carefully. Okay, so they're coming out, you know, they're going to talk to reporters theoretically until this reporter asks this. He said, Mr. Secretary, your reaction to the Russian drone striking Romania? Woo! Marco's like, bye! He said, are we going to defend Romania? And Marco's like, yes, see ya. Okay, we're not going to get into that one today because we know what's going on. We're taking our toys and going home. We already said that, did we not? Right? This came out just a couple of days ago, like 3 days ago. I'll tell you, you know what? Europe's not listening to us when we say We're gonna take our troops. We're gonna take our equipment. We are done. We want you guys to be strong on your own. And apparently, as long as mom and dad are there paying the checks, you guys don't feel inclined to get a job, meaning you don't feel inclined to actually do what you need to do. And so mom and dad have to say, you know what? We're gonna do a little tough love here. And the little tough love is going a long way, except that now we get a situation where the only one that pays attention to our tough love happens to be Vladimir Putin. So Vladimir Putin's sitting there and he's going, okay, they're going to pull out the jets, the destroyers, and the submarines from NATO as part of that European drawdown, you know. And the thinking is, if there's a method to the madness here, that maybe they're kind of in Russia saying, well, let's give this a little bit of a test run, right? Let's see what NATO does. Let's see what happens. I mean, the U.S. says they're not going to defend them, and I don't think we want to. So what is NATO going to do? Anything? Here's Matthew Whitaker again, the ambassador to NATO, that says, hey, we'll stand NATO through all of this, who just 2 weeks ago was making the point that NATO has got to show up and they've got to write a check.

[09:45] **Speaker C:** What we accomplished last year in The Hague by getting the 5% political agreement now has to turn into real capabilities— things like ships and tanks and, and air defense systems. And those are the kind of issues that right now we are pushing our allies working hard to get that done. And we're going to have a big summit in Ankara, Turkey this summer where we're going to get a report card on what our allies have done. And we're expecting significant investments from last year in The Hague.

[10:15] **Speaker A:** Where do you think European allies and European countries stand when it comes to this vision?

[10:22] **Speaker C:** Yeah, I think in the last year they've spent $100 or $200 billion more than they had. All because of President Trump and what he's done to rejuvenate this alliance and to bring strength finally to this alliance. And the commitments are there politically, but it's the year over year, the hard work. And so I'm expecting this year we're going to see another more than $100 billion.

[10:45] **Speaker A:** Okay. I think they're going to be spending some money. Okay. And I think we're going to tell them, you know what, you guys better spend some money. 'Cause you actually have a real threat and mom and dad are not gonna be there to lock the doors every night, okay? Because we just can't. And the reason we can't is because we have a lot of other things going on. And sometimes Europe becomes a distraction. It's a distraction, all right? Because you know, you got the whole thing in Ukraine and look, it's not that it's just a distraction. I think that diplomacy should have been used in the Ukraine situation. And that unfortunately blew into a big problem. That the world frankly did not need. But, you know, we can't go back in time. Biden was in office. So there you go. You had the B team with Blinken running the show and nobody was really able to get anything done. So now you get that problem. But we're looking at it saying, okay, we're putting all these resources in. All right, fine. You know, we want to fulfill our NATO obligations. And then what happens when push comes to shove and we need these guys? We need these guys. Where are they? Well, they're nowhere to be found, and no one appreciates that. Believe me, no one, including the president of the United States. None of this is going unacknowledged by him.

[11:57] **Speaker D:** Someone told me just before I entered here, a drone—

[12:00] **Speaker A:** forgive me, we'll get to him. The one that seems to be noticing some of this and might be actually using this as an opportunity to just kind of test the waters a little bit might be Vladimir Putin. I mean, it would be a sensible thing to do, right? And I think he's a pretty sensible, shrewd, smart guy. He also is trying to temper the situation and kind of cool temperatures here today. If you see him, he was, I think, in Kazakhstan and he was speaking with the press earlier and he had just found out, just found out that this thing went down. And he basically came out and said, well, you know, how do we even know that this thing is ours? Like, let's take a minute here. Let's take a pause. Let's go to Vladimir Putin. And there's a translation off of YouTube here for you.

[12:51] **Speaker D:** Someone told me just before I entered here, a drone entered the Romanian airspace. No, I don't know what drone. So please tell me what's the information in the media now. A drone hit residential building in Romania and they say it's a Russian drone. Who says that it's a Russian drone? Many people. Many people means no one. Precisely who? Names. Ursula von der Leyen. Well, she didn't go to Romania, she didn't investigate, she didn't look at the remnants of the drone. No one can say where a flying vehicle came from before they run a forensic analysis, because some drones, Ukrainian drones, enter Finnish airspace, Polish airspace, the Baltic countries' airspace. Ukrainian drones do that. And the first reaction was exactly the same like they have now in Romania. Russians are hitting us, they were saying. And then they found out that these drones had nothing to do with Russia. Russia had nothing to do with these drones. They came from Ukraine. They strayed off under the influence of jammers or for whatever other reason, maybe some technical error or deficiency. And I believe that the same is happening here, has happened here. And until we receive some objective data, if we receive this data from them, and then we can share our estimates of what happened.

[14:31] **Speaker A:** Okay, that's really interesting, right? And so I imagine that this is one of the reasons why Marco Rubio, when he came out for the photo op and they asked him about Romania, he did like the, you know, he did a figure 8 and like went straight back in and was like, I'm out of here. And it's why President Trump is probably waiting a minute here to just make sure that we know what's going on. I see some of you guys think that Putin is making a point. I will say this, I will say this, if you've ever watched Madam Secretary, There's a whole episode. This was like before Trump was in office, so you got to go back a few years, you know, try and catch the reruns if they're on Netflix still. And they do a whole thing on how there was a total psychop out of Ukraine. So if you watch that episode and then you hear Putin there, you might be like, hmm. So we don't know, but you know, I think it's fair to say let's, let's make sure that we get all the data right now. I would say that everybody is just concerned that whatever happened, uh, you shouldn't have Drones flying around Europe, right? And maybe if we weren't in this war to begin with, we wouldn't have that complication. I would say that Dmitry Medvedev was not quite as diplomatic, shall we say, as one Vladimir Putin. However, he, I guess, he has a way with words. I'll read you his response. And this is the guy who's the Russian Security Council Deputy Chairman. He said, he was actually the former president as well, The Europe, the euro impotence. Okay, so this isn't just, yeah, all right, he's starting off hard. The euro impotence are screaming about some drone hitting a Romanian residential building. Okay, a drone did hit a Romanian residential building. Of course it is necessary to determine whose drone it was. Yes, we can agree with that. But in any case, he said, and this is on the equivalent of like their, um, what is it called, Max or something. It's like their Twitter. He said, but in any case, all EU countries need to shut up on this matter. So that's a little abrupt. European states are direct participants in the war against Russia, so just shut up. This is just the beginning. The peaceful sleep is over. Dmitry, did you really have to go there? I mean, really? I mean, I mean, look at what the boss did. He kind of punted and said, let's get more information. That was a more tactful way of dealing with this at this moment in time. But Dmitry's, you know, pew pew pew. And so that is suggesting that, you know, maybe there's more where that came from. I don't think anybody wants that. Everybody would like this war to be over. I understand a war's a war and things happen. But you know what? This should be the wake-up call. How many times do we have to pound on their door to get these? I mean, he calls them impotence. I was going to say the silly Europeans. It's a translation thing. How many times do we have to tell them this? Here's Representative McCaul. He's the Republican from Texas. And he was just, I believe this is from today, sitting down with the Carnegie Foundation, Carnegie Foundation, which would like us to basically basically still run NATO. And he's trying to explain to them what the president's idea here is, because financially it's just not possible, and we need to focus on other things, and we don't need a bunch of little kids, you know, hanging around and not— well, they're not little, okay? What am I saying? Like, they are full-grown adult kids hanging around and demanding and demanding and demanding, and we just can't do it anymore. So here's Representative McCaul speaking with the president of Carnegie Foundation, trying to explain this today.

[18:12] **Speaker E:** The NATO alliance has kept us out of a world war for 80 years. So it has value. I think what the president's trying to do is— it was a parent-child relationship.

[18:23] **Speaker F:** Mm-hmm.

[18:24] **Speaker E:** And the child needs to grow up and be an adult and learn how to take care of themselves. But we should still be there. And our rhetoric should not be one that is condescending or disrespectful.

[18:36] **Speaker A:** That treats NATO as something external to the United States, basically.

[18:39] **Speaker E:** It's just basically, you need to grow up. But diplomacy— when I talked to General Mattis or people of his caliber, they said there are really 3 elements of power. There's economic, there's military— everyone gets that one— and there's diplomatic. And you need all 3 legs of the stool. You can't take out the diplomatic power because if you do, as General Mattis said, you're going to have to buy more bullets.

[19:11] **Speaker A:** So I agree with John, who said he has about 5% faith in the Carnegie Foundation, and 5% is actually a little bit generous. I gotcha. Anyway, you guys are wondering where little Pedro is. Little Pedro Sánchez. Spain. Spain has been very, very aggressive about, oh my gosh, this is terrible from Russia. Terrible, terrible, terrible. I'm like, Spain, what are you trying What are you trying to do? What are you trying to do, like send us into World War III or something? What's the idea here? Are you like some kind of double agent? You know, you're the ones that just went over there and got that lovely embassy in Tehran, right? The only Western nation to do so. So here is little Pedro. Okay, he's making a statement. My strongest condemnation of the incursion and explosion of a Russian drone on Romanian territory. He's expressing full solidarity with the affected civilians, with Romania and its people. Russia's violation of conditions of international law are unacceptable. I mean, that's kind of extreme, right? Because this could have been a legit mistake, and it actually could have been a mistake by the Ukrainians. And, and actually, the, the, the Romanian president has said that that might have been. But, but I digress. Let's finish with a little Pedro here. You know, he likes to sound like a big cheese. He's going down, by the way, like the corruption stuff, etc. He's got a very, very bad outcome awaiting him, likely, in Spain. Spain remains committed to the eastern flank and to the securities of its allies. So Russia's violations of international law, he said, are unacceptable. So he's ratcheting it up just like Dmitry is, right? I mean, they're looking for some kind of power. Let's go over to Giorgia Meloni, who's a little bit more diplomatic. Italiana. Okay, so she said last night a Russian drone struck a civilian building in Romania. Romania, she's telling everybody, injuring two citizens, etc. She did say this is an extremely serious act which demonstrates how this war of aggression spares no one, continuing to brutally target in civilians, disregarding all limits and putting European security at risk. My deepest sympathy and solidarity go out to those affected, to the Romanian government, and to all the Romanian people. So, you know, a more diplomatic, shall we say, measured response. And that she's making the point that we're at war here, right? And this is very serious, and these are the things that happen. And she's giving them room to say, yeah, this, this was probably a mistake. And that's what it's believed to be right now, guys. I mean, I should say the, the consensus is is that this, this was some kind of mistake. But there is a feeling that these mistakes might be happening a little bit too often. I think there's something like 25 to 47 of these that have happened. Uh, let me go over to Germany for a moment. This is our friend Fred Mertz, you know, think I Love Lucy, little Freddy, Friedrich Mertz. Who's also on his way out. So between little Pedro and little Freddy, you know, they got some problems over there in Europe. Russia's— and he's, oh, he's sounding very strong here— reckless drone incursion into Romania. I mean, guys, are you not given one single minute to think about, yeah, the Ukrainians were probably trying to shoot it down and that's how it wound up going off into other airspace? I mean, even the Romanian president is saying that. Nobody's willing to talk about that. Russia's reckless drone incursion into Romania shows once again Russia's willingness to escalate. Germany stands with our NATO allies. The incident once again underscores the need for strong NATO posture on the eastern flank. We are ready to defend every inch of Allied territory. You better believe it, because we just came out with our first defense report, 35 pages. I think they could come up with more than that, right? You know, it's been 81 years, guys. You've probably been sitting around some of your think tanks, you know, fantasizing about this day, and all you had was 35 pages. Well, they are going to, they say, in Germany, lead the way forward for NATO. So now they get their big opportunity, I guess. Meanwhile, Spain is on our naughty list. Spain, who I think, oopsie daisy, was the most aggressive, if you would, of all of the Europeans with their statement. Let's go back to it for just a quick second. Spain's reaction, little Pedro saying, that Russia's violations of international law are unacceptable. Gosh darn it, it's like he's talking about us. Remember, we're the ones that are illegal. We are the ones with La Garra that's illegal because, you know, it's immoral, unjust. I don't know, I didn't go through all his adjectives, but he made it very clear that we were also in violation of international law. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Okay. So little Pedro is getting all worked up and this is little Pedro who said it was not okay for us to use our bases in Rota and Morón because it was ilegal, right? We were involved in an illegal and unjustifiable war. Meanwhile, Georgia wasn't too great herself because she denied us that base in Sigonella. And these are things that we don't forget. Okay. Especially at a time like this. And you know what? We warned you. We told you over and over and over again, one, One, take care of yourselves. And two, when we need to do something, if we're giving you all this money, we ought to be able to do it, for goodness' sakes. It's like we have some kind of bad timeshare with these people. Let's go back to Donald Trump, who just a few weeks ago, late last month, was talking with my friend and former colleague Maria Bartiromo on her show on Fox Business about how we got a no-good NATO.

[24:49] **Speaker F:** I'm doing a great job for the country and for the world. You know, we've had no help, zero, from NATO. We're there for them. They're not there for us. We spend— you saw the chart that came out a couple of days ago with a big monster red ball that was us and all these little satellite balls, and it represented the money spent on military and NATO. And it's ridiculous. And they should have been better. They should have said, we'll send somebody. It's a small operation compared to a big operation. But NATO was not there for us. And what it means, if they're not there for us here, they're not going to be there for us. So why are we— why are we spending hundreds of billions of dollars a year on NATO if they're not going to be with us? If they're not going to be with us on Iran, they're not going to be with us on a much bigger subject. Yeah, okay.

[25:46] **Speaker A:** That's just common sense, guys. And they're not with us. And I don't know what is— I mean, is Spain angling for some kind of war? Does Spain— does Spain want us to get entrenched in that? Well, one, because maybe they get more money and like their economy is on a lifeline. And this guy, by the way, is going to be out of office soon because They may have him on corruption. They just raided his office the other day as he went to Rome to meet with the Pope to talk about peace. The guy who's all about peace when it comes to Iran seems to have quite a bit of fisticuffs going on when it comes to Russia. I'm just saying. So yeah, this is illegal. Illegal, remember? Absoluto. Absoluto. Yo hablo español. I actually speak Spanish and I love Spanish. I speak Italian and I love Italian. I actually once spoke German quite decently, almost fluently, because, you know, I was a singer and everything, and I have lost it all. Anyway, um, maybe intentionally. Here he is telling everybody in his government that we're doing something illegal And because we're doing this illegal thing, anybody who sides with us is basically in violation of international law. Now this is kind of interesting, right? Because don't forget, he's the guy who's like throwing up his fists right now saying that Russia's violations of international law are unacceptable and that he's totally committed to the security of his allies. Okay, I guess you just weren't totally committed to the security of This ally, and by the way, this ally being the one that was actually trying to help secure the whole world and the darn Strait of Hormuz. Well, you thought you were gonna get some oil out of Tehran yourself. Maybe you're still thinking that over there in Spain, I wonder, because you know, they had a lot of business in Cuba. Mm-hmm. And they have, or did have a lot of business until our sanctions came in and interrupted it all with Iran. And they seem to kind of like China too. I think China had a hand in that big Little socialista festival that they had in Barcelona that they invited Timmy Waltz to a couple of weeks ago. Mm-hmm. Well, Spain is reopening this embassy in Tehran. So, you know, I'm just connecting the dots here and I'm thinking Cuba, China, Iran, and now you want to pick a fight with Russia. Well, that's interesting because Russia is sort of typically, shall we say, friends with China and Iran and Cuba. So how does that work out? Well, let's just think through this because maybe China and Iran would like us to be very busy in Europe. And that way, if we're very busy in Europe and we're fighting everything and everyone, maybe Russia, then that frees up China and Iran and Spain, who I think is just eyeing that Strait of Gibraltar thinking, well, you know, if Iran can control the Strait of Hormuz, maybe we get our eye on the Strait of Gibraltar. We sent a sub there a couple of weeks ago just to make sure he knew he didn't. He couldn't. And we can pop up wherever we want in the world at any time. Not to mention our friends over in the UK actually still own Gibraltar. All right, so it's not going to be that easy, Spain. So stop with all these ideas. What do you guys think about that? I'll just ask the question because I'm looking at some of your commentaries right now. I don't have a good feeling on Spain. I really don't. I think that this guy might indeed be compromised. You know what's happened with his wife. She is now, uh, facing charges of corruption. His brother is facing charges of corruption. His mentor and predecessor is facing charges of corruption. And they just— the anti-corruption police just raided his office in Madrid while he was visiting with the Pope to talk about how bad we are because of the whole excursion in Iran. So I find it peculiar. It's just that if he were friends with Iran and he were friends with China, he would theoretically then be friends with Russia, unless The big picture chess game might be, well, gee, you know, Vladimir can, you know, deal with us maybe a little bit and the Europeans if we just kind of force a little bit more action there in Europe. I'll tell you, we don't want it. We don't want it. We don't want any of this fighting. We really don't. And when we do have fighting, we want it to be fights that are well worth winning, that are going to make a substantive difference for the rest of the world for generations to come. That's why the Strait of Hormuz is important. Okay. That's why we care about that. And Spain, I don't know, maybe he thinks it's a distraction right now. He can focus on that. Meanwhile, you've got Germany. Germany's reaction to what just went down there in Romania is very much a proud German, boom, boom, boom. We're going to come to the rescue here because, you know, we just got a license to create a real military plan. We haven't been able to do that since World War II. The defense minister. I mean, who even knew they had a defense minister in Germany? The whole point of, you know, a Marshall Plan and all that stuff was in part to contain Germany. Right. But now Germany is going to get to unleash itself. Just be careful. Just be careful. They're the Germans, after all. I don't know. They've been so woke-ified. I can't imagine anything real happening. But he does talk a good game. He said, we are ready to defend every inch of allied territory. Woohoo! Okay. Russia's reckless drone incursion. Again, I'm just going to point out what the guy in Romania said. The president is saying that we believe that this was, you know, just something that went wrong, right, where maybe Ukraine was trying to shoot it down and then it went over into our airspace. And it's very unfortunate. And you heard Giorgia Meloni say, you know, this is unfortunate. These are the things that happen in war. And you saw Marco say nothing. And the president hasn't said anything yet. And you saw what Vladimir Putin said, which was actually, I think, kind of a measured thing to say at the time because he was just getting the information in, in real time. And he went out and did this press conference there in Kazakhstan and said, you know, we don't know yet, we want to see the evidence, we want to see the drone, etc. And, uh, yeah, I mean, you know, once we have all that and then we can assess. But I just go back to this, like, it's, it's terrible that we're in the war to begin with, right? Terrible that we're in the war, and we won't— we don't want to be in any more wars, period. But Germany's like, woohoo, we just got our license, you know, 81 years. And Freddie Merz is like, we are ready to defend every inch of Allied Of course, Freddie Mertz, again, think I Love Lucy. Friedrich, I mean, he has no— I mean, he's doing as bad as Sánchez. It's funny, all the losers right now that are trying to gin up some kind of bravado in the face of all this, all the ones that are suffering badly politically, the polls are way down. I mean, he's got like not even a 15% approval rating, I think, in the last numbers that I was looking at. Friedrich got on stage in some little town with a bunch of students in the audience and started talking smack recently. Big-time smack. This is about a month ago. What an idiot. Like, what an idiot. Like, he doesn't think that this is gonna ricochet across the world, and he wants everybody to know, you know, how smart he is and how stupid the US is. Uh-huh. You remember we saw this. You wonder why I forgot all the German, right? Anyway, especially since the Iranians, he said, are obviously, obviously negotiating very skillfully, or perhaps very skillfully refusing to negotiate, he's saying, and they're letting the Americans travel to a Islamabad, and they're only sending them home empty-handed. An entire nation, meaning us, is being humiliated by the Iranian leadership, the IRGC. He said the so-called Revolutionary Guards. Gosh, these guys are just dynamos. I gotta tell you, I was hearing those talking points in backchannel Democrat circles. I talk to everyone, okay? You know, I have my opinion, but I allow everybody to give me theirs because I want to make sure I'm coming to you with the most information possible. And I'm like, That's so interesting. I literally, I kid you not, I heard those exact talking points. Those were out there, and apparently they made their way to little Freddie Mertz's desk, and that's what he echoed on stage with all of those students. Poland, on the other hand, they're a little smarter over there. I got to give the Poles some credit. You know what they're doing? They're going out there and they're saying, we need more weapons to take care of ourselves so that, you know, strength through power. Hopefully you never have to use them, okay? Hopefully you never have to use them. But as of Poland rushed to sign contracts with EU defense loans. I told you about those EU defense loans. They're fantastic. I mean, there's like no interest for the first 10 years or something. The interest rate is nothing. It's like 3%. It's like free money. Take it, build yourself up. Okay. Like the EU is printing money for you guys to actually build a military. So go ahead and do it. Well, the only ones that seem to be interested happen to be Poland. And Romania. And they're like the ones that are actually facing some danger, right? And the rest of them are a bunch of freeloaders, right? I mean, they're freeloaders because even after this, Spain is not willing to commit 5% to— I mean, it won't even do 2%, for goodness sakes. Even after this, you get the Germans that say, well, we can't do it. I mean, we're gonna come up with the architecture and we're gonna run the whole defense thing, but we don't have 5% of our GDP. They are terrified for what is about to come in Turkey, because you know what's coming down in Turkey at the next meeting? You know, we just had the one at The Hague where they all agreed to do the 5%, and then we said, well, are you actually paying your debts? And we found out, no, they're not. Well, there's going to be ATLL to pay and then some. Yeah, then some. I want to go back to Romania for a second because look at, look at, they've got all kinds of actually really good stuff going on there. They have the ability actually to shoot down a lot of things, but apparently not this particular drone. They can shoot down ballistic missiles there in Romania, but not these $20,000 drones. Go figure. So it's a little disappointing, but you know, it's what it is. Um, we, we've got a lot of stuff to worry about in the world right now, I will tell you that. We got to worry about what's going on in the Middle East, and I've got some intel we got to talk about momentarily, so that's coming up. We got our own, you know, thieves to worry about here in the U.S. Yes, Ilhan Omar is actually out with another round. Like, they were calling this Feeding Our Future 2.0, and the DOJ's on to her. I want to share with you the sound of the Attorney General that replaced Pam Bondi coming out hard, hard against Timmy Walz, Gavin Newsom, who they believe, uh, turned a blind eye to everything that was going on, and of course also to Ilhan Omar. But before we get there, um, you know I sing, right? That's why— Beautiful for spacious skies, for amber waves of grain. One of my favorite songs, right? One of my favorite songs. Um, I studied opera for many, many years, many years. I still love to sing, but that's the reason I speak all these languages. So occasionally if you hear me flip into one, you know what's going on. Anyway, I wanted to give a brief shout out to one of our new sponsors here on the show, and that's Audien Hearing. And, you know, singing is very important to me. Hearing is obviously very important to me. I actually, I hear things insanely well. I think even as I've gotten older, my pitch has gotten stronger and stronger and stronger, which basically can be kind of annoying at times. And I've always found, like, when I was even younger and a kid, I'd be in a restaurant and I'd hear like some Italian folk song that I knew, and I'm like, You know, I'm in a pizza place and I just, I hear this song, but you know, I love being able to hear the song too, I should say. You know, I have very sensitive, sensitive ears and I think about what life is like with that. And it's given me so much pleasure, right? To be able to enjoy music. I listen to all kinds of music, everything from opera to country to pop. Like I listen to everything to even, even Irish folk songs. Okay. How many people do you know— and two, I love Brazilian jazz. I'm gonna go on all day, but I need to tell you about Audien Hearing. It's the reason why when they came to me, I was like, I'd love to do that. I'd absolutely— I mean, I don't have any problems with my hearing. My hearing is actually almost too good sometimes. You know, it's like perfect pitch on steroids. But, you know, Audien Hearing makes these wonderful hearing aids that are inexpensive. They're $98, and they're very unobtrusive, so you don't really see them. They're simple, they're discreet, they're really obviously very affordable. Okay, there goes the high note. I hope you could hear that one. Um, anyway, they started just $98 a pair. We'll get rid of Trisha singing there. And you should take a look. I mean, they're really, really— if you're having any issues at all, I can't— you know, you, you want to be able to enjoy those conversations. You want to be able to talk to your friends and listen to music. So $98 a pair. You don't have the $1,000 price tag of prescription hearing aids. Audien is focused on not just reducing at all costs, but removing the stigma around hearing aids. And I think that's important to do. It's one of the reasons I wanted to take these guys on. I really think, you know what, everybody's got to be able to hear. And I say that as a— still a musician, not a former musician. I did want to do it professionally, but I do this instead. Hey, you know, the news can be kind of operatic, don't you think? The products have a sleek in-ear design. They're very good, more like headphones than hearing aids. And, you know, I think that matters because you don't want everybody paying attention to that. I understand, you know, some of us A lot of us are self-conscious about that stuff, but if you have any issue or if anyone that you love, any friend you have, tell them not to be embarrassed about any of this, that hearing is really important. And just go over to audienhearing.com. You can get a special discount with my name, plus it, you know, it helps the show. So go, go take a look at these guys today. Go use special discount code Regan, R-E-G-A-N, at audienhearing.com. We have a lot of stuff on our plate right now, right? A lot of things to focus on. And we're getting very close. I mean, just look at the markets, for goodness sakes. Woo! Stocks were rallying today. Don't you love that? And the oil markets, I've been telling you, I've been telling every day, I'm like, it's getting closer and closer. And you know what? Don't take my word for it. Just look at the oil markets. That's real money on the line, big time money on the line. And we're coming down to one thing, and it's that darn uranium. Okay, the uranium, uranium, uranium, uranium.

[40:25] **Speaker G:** President Trump just got on Air Force One for a quick trip to Arizona for an event that we'll see later on today. He didn't take any questions, but he just told CBS News— he basically explained why it is that he is so confident a deal is about to be closed with the Iranians. He says that they have agreed to let United States— not troops, just somebody from the United States— go into Iran with some Iranian officials to collect leftover uranium, what he calls the nuclear dust. Trust, and then bring it back somewhere to the United States. That has been the key to all of this. The president earlier today disputed a report in Axios that the U.S. might unfreeze $20 billion in Iranian money in exchange for getting them to fork over all this uranium. He says not a dollar will be exchanged in any way. So we will definitely hear more about this once he gets to Arizona. But there's a lot happening, and it is possible Okay, it's possible it happens.

[41:20] **Speaker A:** Look, I mean, the market thinks it might happen. The market really wants it to happen. I mean, there's so many good things going on sort of from an investing perspective, which, you know, I'll give a shameless plug to my own. I mean, I, I'm very proud of these portfolios, 3 portfolios. Go check them out at 76research.com. 10 to 15 stocks in each one. But what I would just say is, you know, the market really wants this to happen. And you look at oil markets right now that just showing, you know, we were looking at some of the lowest numbers there for oil that we've seen in months. And the reality is we're getting closer and closer and closer and closer to a deal. But people worry, could this be a bad deal? And I get it because I don't trust the Iranians either, right? And I promise you the president doesn't trust them. But I do trust him. I mean that. I really do trust him. And I know he doesn't have any intention of doing a bad deal. I also have I have a pretty good amount of faith in both Kushner and Witkoff. I think they're a heck of a lot better than the Obama team that we had in there. Or, for example, Biden's Blinken guy, who just was a disaster, a total disaster of a Secretary of State. That's part of the reason why we're in the Ukraine situation with Europe, as a result of their faulty negotiations. But listen to the president for a minute, because he wants to get a deal done, but only if it's on his terms. And what are his terms? You guys gotta get rid of the uranium. You're just not gonna do it. And this is the standoff, right? Because Iran's like the spoiled kid, and they don't get— like, their economy's going down, down, down, down, down, down, down. They're losing billions of dollars in all that oil that they can't get out. And they're like, okay, you know, they have an opportunity because he would lift the embargo and he'd say, you can send some of that oil to China. But they just can't get it out of their head that they can't enrich uranium ever. So here's the president. No, the only option.

[43:08] **Speaker F:** I would for some of it, you know, because it's a memorandum of understanding for speed. And one of the things that will happen is the street will open immediately, immediately. But it's got to be perfect. I'm not going to do this. I didn't do this to get a crummy agreement. The worst agreement ever signed was by Barack Hussein Obama. What a horrible agreement. I don't know what that was. It was a setback for this country, for the whole world. The Middle East would have blown itself up. No, I would like to have the countries we were talking about with Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, and the others. We would like to have them immediately join the— and Steve Whitkopf is working on that with Jared and some others, but would like to have them join the Abraham Accords. It'll be historic if they do it. I think they owe that to us, to be honest. I think because that really would be a tremendous sign. And I think those countries owe it to us. Steve, are you going to get them to sign?

[44:04] **Speaker H:** We're definitely pushing it, Mr. President.

[44:06] **Speaker F:** I'm not sure— I'm not sure we should make the deal if they don't sign, you want to know the truth. If they don't sign to join the Abraham Accords, I don't know that we— you know, we have countries in there already. UAE, great. Great countries. Bold countries. Countries, and it's turned out to be so good, so effective. And so we're requesting strongly that they join. It'll be great. It'd be great for Saudi Arabia. It'd be great for Qatar, Kuwait, the whole group.

[44:35] **Speaker A:** So the Iran deal might be contingent on more countries joining.

[44:40] **Speaker F:** I don't want to say that. I'm not going to—

[44:43] **Speaker A:** in other words, I'm not going to— I'm not going to completely negotiate here in public. But, you know, the accords are a big, big deal because that would definitely improve diplomatic relations. Um, you had the UAE, which was the first Gulf state to normalize relations with Israel, and you had— Bahrain did the same thing, actually the same day, I think, as the UAE. They also came forward and they signed this. This is back in 2020. It was actually quite an accomplishment from the Trump administration. Sudan signed on. Morocco signed on. Morocco, which, by the way, little But a trivia for you, was the very first country in the entire world to recognize the United States of America when we declared independence from Great Britain 250 years ago. So they normalized relations there, and the U.S. recognized Morocco's sovereignty over Western Sahara. And all of this is basically helping to create more economic cooperation, which means more trade, more expansion. And this would be great, right? It would be great for the— for all of the Middle East to get this. It's a big, big deal because the Arabs and Israel had really had this standoff over Palestine, Palestine issue, etc., and we were breaking through, and then Biden came in, right? So everything stalled out, and now here we are back at the table, and this is important to him. If he could get them to sign on to these accords, it would be a really, really big deal. He has said that they should be invited into it. Now keep in mind, Iran doesn't like this, right, because they hate the Saudis. They get the Sunni-Shiite thing going on, and this goes back thousands of years, so they don't want want to look as though they are subservient in any way to Saudi Arabia or to Israel or to us. So they got a lot of pride, and the pride is constantly getting in the way of just, you know, normalizing things and having a good opportunity for themselves and their families in the future, because this would bring tremendous economic prosperity, and it would be, um, a real opportunity to kind of move forward in the modern world. But, you know, they, they don't necessarily want that. And so this is where the standoff's got— I mean, it's the uranium, of course, but he's also making the point he'd He'd like to get them to sign off on the Abraham Accords. I wonder what Ilhan would think of that. She probably wouldn't like it. I don't think she likes anything that this president does. Of course, he's kind of getting in her way. This is, this is fantastic, guys. I got to show you. Some of you may have seen this late in the show. It just broke late yesterday, but the new head of the DOJ is taking them all on, all the fraudsters and all the politicians that may have had a hand in some this fraud or looked the other way while the fraud went on. Ilhan Omar, you are on notice, as is Timmy Walz, as is Gavin Newsom. Watch.

[47:31] **Speaker I:** And this, this is money coming from the federal government. It's your tax dollars. It's my tax dollars. The only way we can hold them accountable is by putting them in jail.

[47:39] **Speaker A:** Does that include politicians? Well, I know that we're in the investigative process, and I know that your answer to me probably will be you need to let the investigation play out. But if this lands and this can be proven, the politicians were in some way culpable, overseeing it, negligent in some way. Political accountability just isn't enough for the American people.

[48:00] **Speaker I:** That's consistent with the president's absolute directive to his Department of Justice there. It does not matter if you're a politician or if you're a fraudster from Somalia. We cannot tolerate it. And Governor Walz is a great example. He has done nothing but sue us.

[48:16] **Speaker B:** Okay.

[48:16] **Speaker I:** Sue the Department of Justice for trying to get records to understand the fraud happening in his state. Okay. So that is, that is his reaction to us trying to save the government's money and recover against fraudsters is filing lawsuits against us.

[48:28] **Speaker A:** And what's been the reaction of California Governor Gavin Newsom?

[48:30] **Speaker I:** Well, we've all seen it. On the one hand, he all of a sudden did a little bit of fraud, fraud arrests. He arrested, he arrested a little, a few people for fraud. Otherwise, eerie silence from him. Eerie silence. And there's more money being spent in California from the federal government than any other place in this country. And the fraud is extraordinary. And so at some point, politicians have to be held accountable, whether it's through, through me and through the grand jury process or through the voters. They have to be held accountable.

[48:57] **Speaker F:** All right.

[48:58] **Speaker A:** Mm-hmm. Well, Ilhan, time might just be up. Up. And this little move is not going to help you. HR 8798. Remember that one? It's called the Universal Schools Meal Program Act of 2026. Because you know what? If it didn't work out the first time, you go back for more. I mean, I actually can't believe the gall of this woman. Like, this is what— I mean, this takes some serious cojones. Okay. Like, I mean, you're going to come back and actually introduce another meals program after your meals program cost American taxpayers $250 and wound up with like Oh, I don't know, 80-some-odd people in jail. I mean, it's incredible. It's incredible that she would actually have the gall to do this, but she does. Of course she does. I mean, this is the woman who has so much gall. I mean, so much that she would actually report nearly $30 million in income and then turn around and report Oopsie daisy, just $97,000. I mean, okay, so just so you know, this is what it's supposed to do, feed meals, free meals for kids, okay? So the bill aims to ensure that children enrolled in participating schools have access. You know how you go to the Leering Center? You're gonna get all kinds of free food. They're gonna charge the government up the wazoo so that you get healthy meals for students. I mean, look, no one's against, and this is what's really important. Stephen Miller said this the other day. Do I have that soundbite? I should play it for you if I did, because you know what? He got out there with J.D. Vance, and they had the task force thing that they were doing at the White House. And Stephen got out there and said, you know what? We anticipate or assume that people are going to have the right intentions, right? They come to this country, and we have a certain respect for everybody, and we want to be there to help help you. We absolutely want to help you if you need help, and we'll find a way to get it done. And that's what our welfare program has always been. And so we assume that, you know what, if you say you have hungry kids, we'll help you feed those hungry kids. And we never even check to see if you, if you have kids, right? Like, that's the problem. And you got people that maybe aren't playing with the same kind of ethical orientation, and they take advantage of us. And when you have people that take advantage of the system, It's like the freeloaders over there in Europe that are taking advantage of us. It just doesn't work. Okay, just doesn't work. Let's listen here.

[51:30] **Speaker F:** These are crooked people. These are thieves. They're all crooks. The Somalians, what they've done to Minnesota, the Somalians, crooked as hell. Ilhan Omar, crooked as hell. They're all crooks. And we got them. We got them. Now we're putting the clamps on.

[51:50] **Speaker A:** He's putting the clamps on. All right. Oh, you better believe it. Let's see, is this— let me make sure this is the right one. We could—

[51:56] **Speaker G:** at the beginning of this administration, we asked every state, red and blue, to share with us their voter rolls so that we could scrub it against the DHS file of illegal aliens to remove illegal aliens from their voting rolls, and they wouldn't do it.

[52:13] **Speaker A:** Okay, so it was the wrong soundbite, unfortunately, but he's also making— he's very He's very, very good. I gotta tell you. The left hates him, 'cause he's so darn good. He's very smart. And I know him, and he's actually a nice person. They give him a very bad rap. But the point is, is that in that case, he's talking about illegals and the possibility that they're gonna be voting, which is something that, for whatever reason, out in LA, they really like to do. I mean, that was unbelievable. Remember the mayoral debate? And everybody thinks it should be worth considering except for Spencer Pratt, who actually has a couple of brain cells. I'm telling you, it's amazing that they think that that's going to work. Anyway, Stephen had a very good point. He said, look, you know what? We assume the best. And when you come here and you take advantage of us, it's really kind of a problem. And this is what Ilhan is believed to have done, to try to take advantage. I mean, she didn't try, she did, right? What do you think that was about? My gosh. I mean, just disgusting, just absolutely disgusting that they did that. And that she's not even showing any kind of remorse. And she says, when you dare to ask her about any of it, she said, "No, no, how can you say that? Like, you're just being racist." And that's her MO over and over and over again. Again, we're asking simple questions. When people say, "How did you get to $30 million?" And she said, "How dare you ask that? You just somehow think that I am not entitled to have my American dream." No, we just really wanna know how you got to $30 million, right? Because your hubby kinda seemed like a loser with his little cannabis company. Companies for which he was multiple times accused of fraud with. And suddenly he's got a venture capital business involved in 81 different countries and da da da da da da da. And somehow now you two are worth up to $30 billion? Like, how does that happen? We're allowed to ask that question. You can't turn around and say that it's racist. And you know what? She's got to face the music. Okay, here she is with Margaret Brennan. And a few months ago when this was all coming out and Margaret's like, you know, most of them are from your district and most of them are from the Somali community. And do you have anything to say about that? No. Of the 87 people charged, all but 8 are of Somali descent. And that has added to the spotlight being put specifically on your community. Why do you think this fraud was allowed to get so widespread? Well, I want to say, you know, this also has an impact on Somalis because we are also taxpayers in— okay, so we're really— well, Minnesota, we also could have benefited from the program and the money that was stolen. And so it's been really frustrating for people to to not acknowledge the fact that we're, you know, we're also as— as Minnesota. Can you not just answer the question? And as taxpayers, really upset and angry about the fraud that has occurred. Listen, I actually, you know, innocent until proven guilty, but there are just too many questions here, guys. Too many questions. And I've said this to you before, and I'm going to say it again. I'm frustrated because I don't feel like we're getting enough information. I do trust the system in that I know that the president can't stand her, okay? Like, I know that. He cannot stand her. And this has been an enormous thing to have come forward. And she's kind of saying, "Tell it to the hand." Like, she has not been cooperating with authorities, from everything I've gathered. And so they're having to go around her and figure this out. And what they're doing— and I guarantee you this is happening because Wilbessens already said this, they are looking at all of those people that were involved in Feeding Our Future, and they are saying, okay, where was their money going? Now, it's complicated. We've talked about this before. I've done terror financing investigations before, actually in Latin America, associated with the bombing of the Israeli embassy down there and the community center. That was years ago. They killed so many people, and that was, of course, Iran that backed Iran was the one that was giving the terror organizations the money to be able to follow through with those horrific attacks. One of the reasons Treasury needs to look at this very carefully and follow through with where this money was going is that if it got entered into the Hawala system, then without a doubt, al-Shabaab is getting some. I realize, you know, Ilhan wants you to think that that's somehow racist if I say this, but Hawala The Obama is operated by the terrorist financiers, period, full stop. So they always take their part off the top. So that's why it's so crucial on so many levels. And I know we're talking about getting rid of her out of the country, but you know what? She might have to do her time first. Here's the other thing. If they get her on the immigration fraud, and apparently JD Vance is convinced that she committed immigration fraud, if they get her on that, you know what has to happen? She has to leave the country. Like, that's a disqualifier, full stop. Immigration fraud, they don't mess around with. Like, you're done, finito, it's over. So if they figure out that she had a hand in some of this fraud, and if they figure out, yes, it's immigration fraud, then, well, I guess she goes to jail and then she gets sent out. I don't know the order of that, but, you know, we might actually be entertaining that. And I I say that very seriously. I say this to friends. I say, listen, I think that there's something messed up there. And again, you know, she's innocent till proven guilty, but the fact that she won't come forward with the documentation to actually clear her name also strikes me as extraordinarily suspicious. I mean, if someone said to you, gee, how'd you go to $30 million and there was a House Ethics Committee investigation into you, wouldn't you like come forward with the necessary documentation? I mean, that's what a normal person would do unless, you know, she knows that she's so darn guilty and she's gotta go run and hide and this is what her lawyers are telling her to do. I don't know. Reminder, I always forget to tell everybody to subscribe, so please subscribe and tell your friends. We're here every day on the Trish Regan Show, a little later than normal. We missed our friend Don Baca in the chat because, you know, it's like the middle of the night over in Europe where he is. He would have appreciated all this. So Don, if you watch on the replay, we're thinking of you right now. Spencer Pratt, guys, he might just win this thing. Yeah. Spencer Pratt might become the next mayor of LA. It would not surprise me at all. I'm telling you, this guy is on a roll. And you know why? Because he talks common sense. And like 40% of LA is not even decided. I think they're terrified to tell pollsters who they're really voting for. It's like the shy Trump voter all over again. But here's the most recent poll. Look at him climbing there. Nice, nice, nice. This is Berkeley Ipsos poll. Is that right? Berkeley— it's hard to see here— IGS poll. And Karen Bass is in the lead. And Raman is right behind her. Now, I want to point out that you have to get 50%. Okay, you have to get 50% on Election Day, which is just like, you know, a couple of days. It's like hours away at this point. You have to get 50%. If you don't get 50%, then you go to a runoff, which is held in November. And so the question is, is it Karen and Raman or is it Karen and Spencer? And I think it's going to be Karen and Spencer. Because I think people are not telling you what they really are going to do on Election Day. They're just kind of afraid to do that. Here's something that's great. He put this one out on Twitter. She's been going after him saying, "Oh, you know, he's just a reality star. Just a reality star. You know, when he was in his 20s, he was just busy doing, you know, reality star stuff, and I was busy working hard for the working people." And he got her back. He said, "You know, when I was in my 20s, I was on a TV show. When Karen Bass was in her 20s, 20s, she was training in terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare with communists in Cuba, back when the LA Times was still in LA and used to tell the truth. Whoa! And then he has a little excerpt here from the LA Times saying, plaintiff Karen Bass, according to a 1973 intelligence document provided to the Times, traveled to Cuba with the 6th contingent of the Venceremos Brigade. The brigade trains revolutionary-prone Americans in terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare while claiming to harvest sugarcane. Bass, she characterized herself as one of the leaders. She returned from Cuba to the USA bringing back propaganda literature, the document noted, without citing the source of this information. This is from an article there The Times from LA that he cited and put out on Twitter, 1983. Woo! Like, that might just do it. Because, you know, I gotta say, like, I look at the motivation of these people, I don't get it, I don't understand it. You really want to turn us into Cuba? You want to turn LA into Havana, lady? I mean, it might as well already be. You look around and it's one ugly sight. It's bad, guys, it's bad. And you know what, you get all the homeless on the street, you get unfortunately— oh God, Gosh, do we have this soundbite for you? I think we do. And this is the people that they talk to. Someone on Fox actually went out and did a whole bunch of MOSs with people, and they were talking to them about, you know, what they wanted to see there in— I'm going to call it Little Havana because that's certainly how it feels. And they were pretty upfront about it. They're like, this is one gross, awful place. One gross, awful place. And they said, you know what, we're gonna actually vote for— wait for it— for Pratt, right? They're voting for Pratt because they feel like he's the only guy that can clean it up. We're going to go first to Spencer Pratt, who talked about what he intends to do in his first 3 weeks in office, and I think he's going to get it. Watch.

[62:15] **Speaker J:** First 3 weeks, signs up across the city: no more nakedness, no more drug use, no more robbing, no more shit, no more burning dogs in the street, no more dog abuse. Very on every sign, on every part, so that— and we're going to go around, we're going to warn everybody, hey, got 3 more weeks of this, like clock's ticking. Just keep telling everyone, just so the people that are aware, they're like, oh wow, there's a new mayor in town, they may start leaving. And then when the 3 weeks— or maybe we'll even do 2 weeks, maybe people will want it faster— and then once we start enforcing laws, boom, streets will be back. You know who also I'm going to bring in?

[62:52] **Speaker A:** The CDC.

[62:53] **Speaker J:** Because there's medieval diseases in these encampments. They're not swabbing these encampments, they're not swabbing the streets. People are just living in feces and drug use and dogs burning and bodies. We need these streets cleaned.

[63:07] **Speaker A:** Yeah. Wow. Okay, so here's what I want to show you. People are so upset with what's going on and they, they they did this interview, if you would, with Fox, one of the people on Fox, and they just— they let him have it. What makes you angry about LA? Kind of smell like shit, but it's aight. Homeless on every corner. LA isn't a city, it's a public toilet at this point. I don't want to walk to my car and go, oops, I stepped in human feces. Actually, I'm not angry about LA. There's traffic, but it's been like that forever.

[63:44] **Speaker B:** There's homeless but it's been like that forever.

[63:46] **Speaker A:** Yeah. Poverty, period. The potholes. What is Mayor Bass doing to solve these problems?

[63:52] **Speaker F:** Not a hair of nothing. No, ain't no change.

[63:54] **Speaker A:** Nothing. Still smell like shit. I haven't seen none. I wonder sometimes. Who were you voting for? Bass.

[64:00] **Speaker J:** Right.

[64:02] **Speaker A:** Nothing that Bass has done, but you're going to vote for her. I'm not even voting. Does it matter? It really doesn't matter. Spencer Pratt. Spencer Pratt. We're going to have a Pratt Daddy summer, I'll tell you that.

[64:12] **Speaker F:** He actually tells us the truth.

[64:14] **Speaker A:** I think it could happen. I mean, I really do. I think a lot of people are not telling the pollsters who they're going to vote for because they're shy about this. And you've got the establishment that's just trying to put him down and put him down and put him down. How dare he come out and run for mayor? How dare he? How dare he put out these AI memes and this, that, and the other? And gosh, the guy's got over a million followers on Twitter now. How dare he? He's just a reality star. Listen to CNN freaking out over the idea that a Spencer Pratt could be mayor of LA.

[64:45] **Speaker H:** We live in a time when I think the traditional politician—

[64:48] **Speaker A:** Karen Bass came from a traditional background, you know, where she served in Congress.

[64:52] **Speaker I:** People want something different, and I think Spencer Pratt offers that.

[64:55] **Speaker H:** Ultimately, if this goes to a runoff, that's where he faces a bigger challenge.

[64:59] **Speaker A:** Yeah. And I don't want to overlook the things that are issues. Issues in LA, for example. As always, the conversation about crime always affects a mayor, right? There's the numbers versus the perception, how people feel. What do you see in this race?

[65:15] **Speaker H:** I just think we're—

[65:16] **Speaker A:** we've entered the era of the celebrity politician. And look, I think messaging is the whole thing. Yeah, it's the whole shebang. And going back to the founding of the country, We wanted leaders that came from the people and of the people. I don't know. They're like, oh my gosh, how can this be? I mean, how can you possibly have a guy like Spencer Pratt who just actually is living the hell that most people in LA are living? I mean, don't forget why he got involved in politics. It was because his house burnt down and Karen Bass didn't care. No, no one cared. And she still hasn't done anything about the fires and she still hasn't done anything about the homeless. And you got a real little set of problems there in LA because ever since 2020, since George Floyd, guess what? They figured they don't have to actually police. That's the problem. Democrats are against the police. They want to defund the police. And believe me, that goes a long way towards what? Oh, I don't know, increasing crime. It's not that hard. I keep saying this. Would anybody please, anybody show some common sense? This guy tries to talk a little common sense. He adds a little few facts and figures to really flesh out his argument. There on CNN. And little blondie who's sitting next door to him is like, oh no, watch this. This is a good clip.

[66:35] **Speaker H:** If you look at the trajectory of Los Angeles over the past 30 years, '80s, early '90s, crime and homelessness was incredibly high. Then starting about 1992, 1994, both crime and homelessness begin to plummet for about 20, 22 years. All of a sudden it starts to tick up right around 2014 once again. Um, seems to serve our purposes to go look at what worked what worked during that period and what worked in the opposite direction to have it start ticking up again. And if you go speak with people in the district attorney's office, and these are people who are Democrats, one, for instance, a candidate for city attorney, John McKinney, African-American man who's been in the DA's office for over 35 years through—

[67:10] **Speaker A:** this is important. Listen to what he says.

[67:11] **Speaker H:** Many different waves of crime and homelessness in Los Angeles says, listen, people can tell themselves all the comforting delusions that they want about how, how people who are addicts, have drug problems or are homeless, how they solve that problem. A lot of these people, they got the treatment that they needed once they got arrested. Okay, you can sit there and say that, oh, we should just have them cart them into treatment centers and they should get the help that they need without, you know, any consequences for the criminal behavior that they're engaging in. That's not how it works, right? So these people, more likely, they don't have— there's not an inalienable right to be able to live wherever you want in public spaces and to say that the government that the people of Los Angeles cannot regulate those public spaces. So to say that if you want the government's help, if you want resources that are paid by the public teeth, by tax dollars, that you have to go to a certain area to get those services, I'm not sure— I'm not seeing where there's anything wrong with that.

[68:00] **Speaker A:** From a fiscal responsibility, even if you don't care about the humanitarian aspect, it is much easier and more cost-effective to prevent people from falling into cycles of homelessness to begin with than to invest invest in overpolicing and incarceration and pipelines that leave people more traumatized when they exit.

[68:17] **Speaker H:** Okay, we can look at experience and we can look at fiscal responsibility. And once again, these aren't things we have to speculate upon. We have—

[68:23] **Speaker A:** you see, because I think if I'm hearing her right, she's got the typical liberal point of view that they never should have actually become addicted to anything to begin with, because you should have been spending piles of money on all these clinics and special mental health centers and this, that, and the other. And giving out handouts so as people don't come to that situation. Yeah, you know what, here's what I would say, like, let's like reestablish the family unit, which Black Lives Matter wanted to destroy. Let's make sure that, you know, people have something in their lives. Religion can be a really good thing, right? Like, let's make sure that there's some cohesiveness to society. But no, that's not what they're talking about. They just want more gimme giveaways. And you know what happens to the giveaways? Highways. They go to Ilhan Omar's Somali district friends and, uh, you know, whoever's running those who-knows-what clinics off of Medicaid that you got in California. I mean, that money never gets spent in the right places.

[69:17] **Speaker H:** Data points— we have the recent history to look back upon. Everybody forgets this. 2016, like I said, homelessness began to tick back up. 2014, 2015, 2016, they put it to the voters of Los Angeles, let's, let's In the past, measure Triple H to fund $1.2 billion in homeless financing that was supposed to go to building 10,000 units of homeless housing to get people into those houses. In about 6 years, how many out of the 10,000 units do you think they built? Barely over 1,000. Okay. During that period, while we spent— while we blew through $1.2 billion, the homeless population doubled. So if we're looking at experience and fiscal responsibility, the people that are running this city, the people that were put in charge of that $1.2 billion $1 billion. They clearly don't know what they're doing and they're not using the money fiscally responsibly. In fact, they spent double as much to have the problem double in size.

[70:03] **Speaker A:** He's good. He's really good. Anyway, so look, I think Spencer's going to get it. But do you guys agree? Like, I mean, I really do think that there's a lot of shy voters out there. They're not telling the pollsters what they're going to do. And so when it comes down to the top two, Raman and Karen Bass— no, no, no. I think Karen Bass, you know, a lot of people, there's an advantage being an incumbent and he's going to be able to take her on. But I think what we're going to find out in LA, and this is going to be exciting because they're going to freak out and we're going to love it. He's going to pull it off. He's going to pull it off. You know, what are you doing this weekend? You got plans? Because I got an idea for you. You got to see this movie. Okay. You just let me show you a short clip. Hillsdale College produced this. It is amazing. It's all about our foundation. I bet you didn't know this. 150 years before the American Revolution, we were doing just fine. We actually had a lot of batana. Economy. And then all of a sudden you had the Brits come along and say, we want to tax you, tax you, tax you, tax you to death. And that's when we had to stand up and say, no, enough is enough. It kind of reminds me of what's going on today. It's like the people of LA that are going to stand up and say, no, enough is enough is enough. I mean, you guys have such insane taxes and we got a disaster to show for it. Well, in the case of us, we couldn't even vote, right? We had no vote. There was no representation. So taxation without representation, no thank you. Here is Hillsdale College quick 15-second little clip. It's just so good. I gotta show you.

[71:27] **Speaker H:** It was a daunting endeavor to take on the most powerful military on earth. They're putting at risk their lives, fortunes, and sacred honor.

[71:35] **Speaker A:** There was nothing like it before. Oh, isn't that good? It's a nice little promo for them. Anyway, you can get tickets. It's in theaters. So like, it's a great thing to do with the kids, right? hillsdale.edu/ revolution. It's going to be good. We got 250 years to celebrate, everyone, so we can talk about all our favorite history stuff going forward. It is good to have you here. I am putting subscribe up. Please make sure that you double-check that you are subscribed. And if you're just joining us for the first time, do me the favor, make sure you tell a friend or two because we want to keep growing and growing and growing. And you know what, your voice is, is heard through me. I'm just looking at somebody— Esther today is a Californian. She said, if election Elections were not completely fraud. Spencer would have a chance. Well, I don't know about that, but I gotta tell you, I think he does have a chance. He has a chance, everybody. I see you, you're with me, right? Like, it's gonna be Pratt, it's gonna be Pratt. So look, the people need it. Things have got to change. California is an absolute mess. Things will change. You know, my friend Steve Hilton, he used to be at Fox with me, he's pretty good, and I think he might actually have a shot there for the governorship. Things are changing in California because people have had it. You know what, it's just like the— it's like the colonists who said, forget about it, like to Great Britain. I mean, you've got an uprising going on all over this country. You're going to see change in New York City too, mark my words. I'm going to be back here on Monday with more of the Trish Regan Show Live. Have a wonderful weekend. Go check out that movie if you can, Hillsdale. Yale.edu/revolution. I'll see you Monday.
