# SB79 The Housing Density Law Takes Effect

**Show:** The KABC News Blitz
**Date Published:** 2026-07-03
**Date Found:** 2026-07-03
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-kabc-news-blitz/sb79-the-housing-density-law-takes-effect?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 45 minutes

## Summary

This 45-minute episode of The KABC News Blitz mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The KABC News Blitz

## Key Moment

> "This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I get up at 6 AM every day, start going through all the stories going up and down the state of California, stuff that is important, stuff that you may have missed, and I compile it all together on a daily list. Today we've got 16 important stories for you at randywangradio.substack.com. And the whole point of news blitz here is to go through as many as I can within the hour. So let's get started. As we are now in the beginning of July, new laws have taken effect, and we talked about yesterday the new food allergy menu law. Kind of love that one. But a very controversial law has also finally taken effect. Scott Wiener's SB 79 officially took effect yesterday. SB 79 is now in effect, and in the city of Los Angeles, it is a very interesting situation because in the city of Los Angeles, this was fought by the majority of the city council and Mayor Karen Bass. They even sent a strongly worded letter to Sacramento back last September saying, you can't pass this, it's bad for us. We don't want you taking away our power over zoning. But it passed anyway. Nithya tried to make a whole statement of, well, we should have engaged with them, not just said we oppose this. But what has happened is this bill, if you don't remember, this is the, the YIMBY law. This is the anywhere that is near transit, you can build a 7, 8, sometimes even 9 story building. And this is supposed to increase density and solve the housing crisis, even though LA County saw a population decline. But that doesn't matter. We're in a housing crisis. The city of LA's runaround to not have to have SB 79 enforced upon them, taking away their power of local zoning, which is the biggest power that a lot of these city council members and the mayor have. It's whether it's through legitimate or illegitimate means, getting all kinds of concessions and favors from the developers. Maybe it's donations, what have you. Maybe it's straight up pay to play like we saw with Jose Huizar when he was in charge of the Plum Committee on the LA City Council. So the LA City Council, in order to not have SB 79 take away their local control, had to abide by the part of the law that says, all right, if you're not going to build the 7 to 9 story buildings near transit, then you need to build as much housing everywhere to make up for that. So what the City of Los Angeles has decided to do, in effect to block SB 79 from being implemented, is instead of 7 to 9 story buildings that could be built near the Orange Line busway in the San Fernando Valley, or the Red Line— yeah, I know these lines have new names, but nobody uses them— in North Hollywood, the Expo Line in Culver City. Instead of doing that— by the way, Culver City is not the city of LA, but close enough— what the city of LA has decided to do instead is to allow 4 to 5 story buildings that can be built anywhere, not necessarily near transit. So we may be adding density in places where, if you go by the theory of SB 79, that we need to build all of these units near transit because then people will use the transit. Now the city of LA has decided that they don't want that. They're going to build a whole bunch of more density that's not near transit, which means those people that are living in those buildings are going to need cars. But of course, we don't have parking, then it's not going to work. Street parking— it doesn't sound like anybody has actually thought this through. And while I understand for most governments, you do not want local control taken away from you. Like, if you happen to live in the city of Huntington Beach, you live in city of Norwalk, you don't like that Sacramento comes in and says, we're gonna do your job for you. That being said, the city of Los Angeles only gets in their own way, whether it is through incompetence or straight-up corruption, when it comes to the housing that does get built in this city. We have seen so many different politicians get busted for all kinds of pay-to-play deals. But on top of that, you also have a whole lot of issues when it comes to stupid laws that the city of Los Angeles passes or gets the voters to pass. You wanna know why apartment building is almost nonexistent in the city of Los Angeles right now? It's because back in 2022, voters passed Measure ULA, the mansion tax, except it wasn't a mansion tax. It was a real estate transfer tax on any property valued over $5 million, which would be any multifamily building. It doesn't matter how dumpy they are. And that almost immediately as that became into effect in 2023, killed the housing construction market in the city of Los Angeles. Apartment buildings are still being built in the cities surrounding Los Angeles, but it is very difficult to get anyone to want to buy in to do one of these things. And when all kinds of reforms for Measure ULA were proposed, the people who put this up, which includes a lot of the Yimby crowd that wanted SB 79, said, no, we can't do that. We need this tax.. And the city is kind of in a tough situation here because they cannot build. And they also were under the threat of the HJTA law, the one that was going to go on the November ballot. They got negotiated off. One of the things that it was going to do away with was the real estate transfer tax, which would have been great. Unfortunately, they decided the two-thirds fight was a more important fight. I understand that, but we were going to be in a situation where the city would have overextended itself to all the money that it promised for Measure ULA, not getting that funding anymore and have to find that funding somewhere else. And you might wonder, what does all that funding for Measure ULA go to? Oh, I'll tell you. One of the things that Measure ULA funds is eviction defense attorneys from organizations like Bet Tzedek and other nonprofit law organizations that use government contracts to sue the city of Los Angeles. That's right. We are currently paying eviction defense attorneys to sue the city on behalf of the city. It is insanity. And it is another reason why you have such a hostile environment towards building apartment buildings, managing apartment buildings in Los Angeles. That all being said, none of that changes because of SB 79, and the disincentive to build apartment buildings will still exist in Los Angeles because of Measure ULA. So in a weird way, you can almost see how LA's own incompetence may have actually protected the city from the full implementation of Scott Wiener's SB79. Wow, did a whole segment on that one. Now, when it comes to the horrific situation that is still taking place in Boyle Heights, Mayor Karen Bass, the mayor of Los Angeles, well, she did a little walkthrough with NBC LA to talk about how she could not imagine that this food storage facility would have things like meat in there. We thought it would just have bread. And I'm putting forth two executive orders. One, to speed up the cleanup of all of this disgusting, rotting food, which is very difficult considering that, well, the organization that runs that, that's going to do the cleanup, can't get in there yet because technically the fire is still not all the way out. Technically, the fire still has a whole lot of issues. The fire is still buried under debris that the firefighters can't get to, so they're just spraying water on top of it. So that's one issue. You also have all of the efforts to deodorize the neighborhood, which are having minimal effects, whether it's passing out the air purifiers, trying to put a tarp over a portion of the building. There, there is so many issues going on here. It is a disaster. Karen Bass also wants to figure out what's going on in all these warehouses because we shouldn't have warehouses like this next to certain neighborhoods. We'll see what that ends up leading to. Meanwhile, it's not the only environmental disaster in the city of Los Angeles. Oh no, no, no, no. E. coli was found in a random water sample in an area in Koreatown, and immediately the LADWP shut off all the water, started passing out bottled water, and it looks like it's going to be like this for a few days, which means if you operate any kind of restaurant in the area, you're immediately shut down. How did E. coli get in the water supply? I don't want to know, but that does not sound very good. Now, it is a big, big weekend, not just in Los Angeles, not just in California, but in this country. It is the 250th birthday of the United States of America, the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence., and that means it's going to be a 4th of July like no other for the dumbasses that live near me that wanna make things go boom. I know I should have a little more deference for all of the fun that is to be had with celebrating this holiday and celebrating with fireworks. But as somebody that has lived in the San Fernando Valley for the last 9 years. I have had enough of illegal fireworks. And the fact that I have to even say I've had enough of illegal fireworks tells you how big of a problem this is. It is so widespread, especially in the Valley. Even for things like Mexico wins a World Cup belt, a shoot bunch of— for that, it is so annoying. It drives me crazy. And yes, one of the reasons that it pisses me off so greatly is because I have small dogs and one of the small dogs gets freaked out by it, which is why the last few years I tried to make it a point that I wouldn't be in town on the 4th of July. Unfortunately, I am, so I'm going to have to deal with it. But I have a very distinct memory. You know, we lived in Burbank for quite a few years before we decided— I guess, you know, looking back, I can't really understand why we left. I mean, we had to get out of the situation we were in. I don't think my wife and I, and girlfriend could afford a place in Burbank all on our own. So we moved from Burbank to Reseda, and then a year later, Reseda to the house that I'm broadcasting from right now. And Burbank, sure, you'll hear some fireworks, but you know, I hope— we hosted a block party once and had a whole bunch of friends over in the backyard at our house in Burbank near the hills. And one of my dumbass friends brought an illegal firework and shot it off in the alley. Within 5 minutes, 5 minutes, the Burbank PD showed up shining a flashlight trying to figure out what the hell happened. It was an incredible response. And so while you heard fireworks, you didn't really hear anything that crazy. Then we moved to Reseda and we lived in a townhouse.. And it was the 4th of July in 2017. And for some reason, my wife, then girlfriend, and a friend of ours decided, you know what would be really fun? We should go to the movies. In fact, I remember exactly what movie we saw. We went to see Baby Driver, which is that Edgar Wright movie about the getaway driver who has some hearing issues. And the soundtrack just— it's, it's a really, really, really fun movie. We get home. It's now like 9:00 at night on the 4th of July. At the time, we had 3 dogs in our house. We had my wife's poodle mix, my wife's cavapoo, and we were also watching my wife's former roommate's Shiba Inu, Bonsai. Oh, I love Bonsai. The 2 little dogs were in their crate. Bonsai was too big for a crate. Also wasn't really a crate-worthy dog. And so usually when we'd come home, he'd be right at the door. Hey, where were you? What are we doing? Very excited dog. I will never forget us coming home, going upstairs to let the little dogs out and be like, where's Bonsai? I can't find Bonsai. Where is he? He was hiding under our bed. He somehow crawled under there and he was kind of too big for it. So it was hard for him to get out of there because of all the explosion noises that happen in my neighborhood. And that's when I lived in Reseda. Then I moved a little further east to where I am right now near— well, you know, let's just call it Van Nuys. And now every single 4th of July, except for last year, when we ditched this place for Santa Fe, and the year before that when we ditched this place for San Francisco and Carmel-by-the-Sea, I have to deal with explosions to the left of me, explosions to the right, explosions to the north, explosions to the south, explosions every direction possible. It is nonstop, it is everywhere, and it drives me crazy. That being said, the LAPD says they're gonna crack down on it. There's been those big busts of those illegal fireworks warehouses, and to the most point, this is going to have a almost non-existent effect because the problem is so widespread. And despite the irritation to the community, despite the fact that it's against the law, and despite the fact that we live in a very dangerous wildfire-prone area, Nothing. I say nothing is going to stop people from needing things to go boom. I've had enough of it. I get to— instead of going out on Saturday night, pretty much I'll have to stay home with my little doggie. And I've got a little sock thing that I put over her head so her ears can't really hear what's going on. We're going to sit home and sit on the couch and do nothing on Friday night. And Saturday night and Sunday night, which is not only Fourth of July weekend, but Mexico is once again in another World Cup match. So if they win, that's gonna be a whole thing. And I get to sit around and do nothing this weekend because people want to make loud, obnoxious explosions, and somehow that celebrates everything that we love about this country. I feel like I live around a bunch of idiots. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I'm a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid. So you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy."
> — Speaker A at 01:25
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:25] Speaker A: "This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I get up at 6 AM every day, start going through all the stories going up and down the state of California, stuff that is important, stuff that you may have missed, and I compile it all together on a daily list. Today we've got 16 important stories for you at randywangradio.substack.com. And the whole point of news blitz here is to go through as many as I can within the hour. So let's get started. As we are now in the beginning of July, new laws have taken effect, and we talked about yesterday the new food allergy menu law. Kind of love that one. But a very controversial law has also finally taken effect. Scott Wiener's SB 79 officially took effect yesterday. SB 79 is now in effect, and in the city of Los Angeles, it is a very interesting situation because in the city of Los Angeles, this was fought by the majority of the city council and Mayor Karen Bass. They even sent a strongly worded letter to Sacramento back last September saying, you can't pass this, it's bad for us. We don't want you taking away our power over zoning. But it passed anyway. Nithya tried to make a whole statement of, well, we should have engaged with them, not just said we oppose this. But what has happened is this bill, if you don't remember, this is the, the YIMBY law. This is the anywhere that is near transit, you can build a 7, 8, sometimes even 9 story building. And this is supposed to increase density and solve the housing crisis, even though LA County saw a population decline. But that doesn't matter. We're in a housing crisis. The city of LA's runaround to not have to have SB 79 enforced upon them, taking away their power of local zoning, which is the biggest power that a lot of these city council members and the mayor have. It's whether it's through legitimate or illegitimate means, getting all kinds of concessions and favors from the developers. Maybe it's donations, what have you. Maybe it's straight up pay to play like we saw with Jose Huizar when he was in charge of the Plum Committee on the LA City Council. So the LA City Council, in order to not have SB 79 take away their local control, had to abide by the part of the law that says, all right, if you're not going to build the 7 to 9 story buildings near transit, then you need to build as much housing everywhere to make up for that. So what the City of Los Angeles has decided to do, in effect to block SB 79 from being implemented, is instead of 7 to 9 story buildings that could be built near the Orange Line busway in the San Fernando Valley, or the Red Line— yeah, I know these lines have new names, but nobody uses them— in North Hollywood, the Expo Line in Culver City. Instead of doing that— by the way, Culver City is not the city of LA, but close enough— what the city of LA has decided to do instead is to allow 4 to 5 story buildings that can be built anywhere, not necessarily near transit. So we may be adding density in places where, if you go by the theory of SB 79, that we need to build all of these units near transit because then people will use the transit. Now the city of LA has decided that they don't want that. They're going to build a whole bunch of more density that's not near transit, which means those people that are living in those buildings are going to need cars. But of course, we don't have parking, then it's not going to work. Street parking— it doesn't sound like anybody has actually thought this through. And while I understand for most governments, you do not want local control taken away from you. Like, if you happen to live in the city of Huntington Beach, you live in city of Norwalk, you don't like that Sacramento comes in and says, we're gonna do your job for you. That being said, the city of Los Angeles only gets in their own way, whether it is through incompetence or straight-up corruption, when it comes to the housing that does get built in this city. We have seen so many different politicians get busted for all kinds of pay-to-play deals. But on top of that, you also have a whole lot of issues when it comes to stupid laws that the city of Los Angeles passes or gets the voters to pass. You wanna know why apartment building is almost nonexistent in the city of Los Angeles right now? It's because back in 2022, voters passed Measure ULA, the mansion tax, except it wasn't a mansion tax. It was a real estate transfer tax on any property valued over $5 million, which would be any multifamily building. It doesn't matter how dumpy they are. And that almost immediately as that became into effect in 2023, killed the housing construction market in the city of Los Angeles. Apartment buildings are still being built in the cities surrounding Los Angeles, but it is very difficult to get anyone to want to buy in to do one of these things. And when all kinds of reforms for Measure ULA were proposed, the people who put this up, which includes a lot of the Yimby crowd that wanted SB 79, said, no, we can't do that. We need this tax.. And the city is kind of in a tough situation here because they cannot build. And they also were under the threat of the HJTA law, the one that was going to go on the November ballot. They got negotiated off. One of the things that it was going to do away with was the real estate transfer tax, which would have been great. Unfortunately, they decided the two-thirds fight was a more important fight. I understand that, but we were going to be in a situation where the city would have overextended itself to all the money that it promised for Measure ULA, not getting that funding anymore and have to find that funding somewhere else. And you might wonder, what does all that funding for Measure ULA go to? Oh, I'll tell you. One of the things that Measure ULA funds is eviction defense attorneys from organizations like Bet Tzedek and other nonprofit law organizations that use government contracts to sue the city of Los Angeles. That's right. We are currently paying eviction defense attorneys to sue the city on behalf of the city. It is insanity. And it is another reason why you have such a hostile environment towards building apartment buildings, managing apartment buildings in Los Angeles. That all being said, none of that changes because of SB 79, and the disincentive to build apartment buildings will still exist in Los Angeles because of Measure ULA. So in a weird way, you can almost see how LA's own incompetence may have actually protected the city from the full implementation of Scott Wiener's SB79. Wow, did a whole segment on that one. Now, when it comes to the horrific situation that is still taking place in Boyle Heights, Mayor Karen Bass, the mayor of Los Angeles, well, she did a little walkthrough with NBC LA to talk about how she could not imagine that this food storage facility would have things like meat in there. We thought it would just have bread. And I'm putting forth two executive orders. One, to speed up the cleanup of all of this disgusting, rotting food, which is very difficult considering that, well, the organization that runs that, that's going to do the cleanup, can't get in there yet because technically the fire is still not all the way out. Technically, the fire still has a whole lot of issues. The fire is still buried under debris that the firefighters can't get to, so they're just spraying water on top of it. So that's one issue. You also have all of the efforts to deodorize the neighborhood, which are having minimal effects, whether it's passing out the air purifiers, trying to put a tarp over a portion of the building. There, there is so many issues going on here. It is a disaster. Karen Bass also wants to figure out what's going on in all these warehouses because we shouldn't have warehouses like this next to certain neighborhoods. We'll see what that ends up leading to. Meanwhile, it's not the only environmental disaster in the city of Los Angeles. Oh no, no, no, no. E. coli was found in a random water sample in an area in Koreatown, and immediately the LADWP shut off all the water, started passing out bottled water, and it looks like it's going to be like this for a few days, which means if you operate any kind of restaurant in the area, you're immediately shut down. How did E. coli get in the water supply? I don't want to know, but that does not sound very good. Now, it is a big, big weekend, not just in Los Angeles, not just in California, but in this country. It is the 250th birthday of the United States of America, the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence., and that means it's going to be a 4th of July like no other for the dumbasses that live near me that wanna make things go boom. I know I should have a little more deference for all of the fun that is to be had with celebrating this holiday and celebrating with fireworks. But as somebody that has lived in the San Fernando Valley for the last 9 years. I have had enough of illegal fireworks. And the fact that I have to even say I've had enough of illegal fireworks tells you how big of a problem this is. It is so widespread, especially in the Valley. Even for things like Mexico wins a World Cup belt, a shoot bunch of— for that, it is so annoying. It drives me crazy. And yes, one of the reasons that it pisses me off so greatly is because I have small dogs and one of the small dogs gets freaked out by it, which is why the last few years I tried to make it a point that I wouldn't be in town on the 4th of July. Unfortunately, I am, so I'm going to have to deal with it. But I have a very distinct memory. You know, we lived in Burbank for quite a few years before we decided— I guess, you know, looking back, I can't really understand why we left. I mean, we had to get out of the situation we were in. I don't think my wife and I, and girlfriend could afford a place in Burbank all on our own. So we moved from Burbank to Reseda, and then a year later, Reseda to the house that I'm broadcasting from right now. And Burbank, sure, you'll hear some fireworks, but you know, I hope— we hosted a block party once and had a whole bunch of friends over in the backyard at our house in Burbank near the hills. And one of my dumbass friends brought an illegal firework and shot it off in the alley. Within 5 minutes, 5 minutes, the Burbank PD showed up shining a flashlight trying to figure out what the hell happened. It was an incredible response. And so while you heard fireworks, you didn't really hear anything that crazy. Then we moved to Reseda and we lived in a townhouse.. And it was the 4th of July in 2017. And for some reason, my wife, then girlfriend, and a friend of ours decided, you know what would be really fun? We should go to the movies. In fact, I remember exactly what movie we saw. We went to see Baby Driver, which is that Edgar Wright movie about the getaway driver who has some hearing issues. And the soundtrack just— it's, it's a really, really, really fun movie. We get home. It's now like 9:00 at night on the 4th of July. At the time, we had 3 dogs in our house. We had my wife's poodle mix, my wife's cavapoo, and we were also watching my wife's former roommate's Shiba Inu, Bonsai. Oh, I love Bonsai. The 2 little dogs were in their crate. Bonsai was too big for a crate. Also wasn't really a crate-worthy dog. And so usually when we'd come home, he'd be right at the door. Hey, where were you? What are we doing? Very excited dog. I will never forget us coming home, going upstairs to let the little dogs out and be like, where's Bonsai? I can't find Bonsai. Where is he? He was hiding under our bed. He somehow crawled under there and he was kind of too big for it. So it was hard for him to get out of there because of all the explosion noises that happen in my neighborhood. And that's when I lived in Reseda. Then I moved a little further east to where I am right now near— well, you know, let's just call it Van Nuys. And now every single 4th of July, except for last year, when we ditched this place for Santa Fe, and the year before that when we ditched this place for San Francisco and Carmel-by-the-Sea, I have to deal with explosions to the left of me, explosions to the right, explosions to the north, explosions to the south, explosions every direction possible. It is nonstop, it is everywhere, and it drives me crazy. That being said, the LAPD says they're gonna crack down on it. There's been those big busts of those illegal fireworks warehouses, and to the most point, this is going to have a almost non-existent effect because the problem is so widespread. And despite the irritation to the community, despite the fact that it's against the law, and despite the fact that we live in a very dangerous wildfire-prone area, Nothing. I say nothing is going to stop people from needing things to go boom. I've had enough of it. I get to— instead of going out on Saturday night, pretty much I'll have to stay home with my little doggie. And I've got a little sock thing that I put over her head so her ears can't really hear what's going on. We're going to sit home and sit on the couch and do nothing on Friday night. And Saturday night and Sunday night, which is not only Fourth of July weekend, but Mexico is once again in another World Cup match. So if they win, that's gonna be a whole thing. And I get to sit around and do nothing this weekend because people want to make loud, obnoxious explosions, and somehow that celebrates everything that we love about this country. I feel like I live around a bunch of idiots. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I'm a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid. So you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** I love my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year now and I use it every single week and it does the greatest job on steaks. I'm going to do some flat irons this week. It is a great job on chicken, including chicken breasts. I have a video on my social media at Randy Wang Radio on Instagram and Facebook. You can see me doing some sausages on there. I'm going to put up some videos of some chicken breasts later this week. Even does a great job on shrimp, on veggies. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which, you know, what's the side effect of that? The grill heats up so quickly, and I'm not taking 25 minutes before I actually put something on there. My propane tank is lasting way longer than I thought it would. Big fan of this thing. You should find out if the Solaire makes sense for you. Learn about the technology. See what Rhett Rasmussen has to offer, because he does a great job out there making these things in Whittier. Check it out for yourself. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy. It's the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang, an hour-long recap of the day's top local stories on your drive home. And unlike the city council, we're the perfect vehicle to actually get your voice heard. The KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang starts now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC.

[01:25] **Speaker B:** KABC.

[01:25] **Speaker A:** This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I get up at 6 AM every day, start going through all the stories going up and down the state of California, stuff that is important, stuff that you may have missed, and I compile it all together on a daily list. Today we've got 16 important stories for you at randywangradio.substack.com. And the whole point of news blitz here is to go through as many as I can within the hour. So let's get started. As we are now in the beginning of July, new laws have taken effect, and we talked about yesterday the new food allergy menu law. Kind of love that one. But a very controversial law has also finally taken effect. Scott Wiener's SB 79 officially took effect yesterday. SB 79 is now in effect, and in the city of Los Angeles, it is a very interesting situation because in the city of Los Angeles, this was fought by the majority of the city council and Mayor Karen Bass. They even sent a strongly worded letter to Sacramento back last September saying, you can't pass this, it's bad for us. We don't want you taking away our power over zoning. But it passed anyway. Nithya tried to make a whole statement of, well, we should have engaged with them, not just said we oppose this. But what has happened is this bill, if you don't remember, this is the, the YIMBY law. This is the anywhere that is near transit, you can build a 7, 8, sometimes even 9 story building. And this is supposed to increase density and solve the housing crisis, even though LA County saw a population decline. But that doesn't matter. We're in a housing crisis. The city of LA's runaround to not have to have SB 79 enforced upon them, taking away their power of local zoning, which is the biggest power that a lot of these city council members and the mayor have. It's whether it's through legitimate or illegitimate means, getting all kinds of concessions and favors from the developers. Maybe it's donations, what have you. Maybe it's straight up pay to play like we saw with Jose Huizar when he was in charge of the Plum Committee on the LA City Council. So the LA City Council, in order to not have SB 79 take away their local control, had to abide by the part of the law that says, all right, if you're not going to build the 7 to 9 story buildings near transit, then you need to build as much housing everywhere to make up for that. So what the City of Los Angeles has decided to do, in effect to block SB 79 from being implemented, is instead of 7 to 9 story buildings that could be built near the Orange Line busway in the San Fernando Valley, or the Red Line— yeah, I know these lines have new names, but nobody uses them— in North Hollywood, the Expo Line in Culver City. Instead of doing that— by the way, Culver City is not the city of LA, but close enough— what the city of LA has decided to do instead is to allow 4 to 5 story buildings that can be built anywhere, not necessarily near transit. So we may be adding density in places where, if you go by the theory of SB 79, that we need to build all of these units near transit because then people will use the transit. Now the city of LA has decided that they don't want that. They're going to build a whole bunch of more density that's not near transit, which means those people that are living in those buildings are going to need cars. But of course, we don't have parking, then it's not going to work. Street parking— it doesn't sound like anybody has actually thought this through. And while I understand for most governments, you do not want local control taken away from you. Like, if you happen to live in the city of Huntington Beach, you live in city of Norwalk, you don't like that Sacramento comes in and says, we're gonna do your job for you. That being said, the city of Los Angeles only gets in their own way, whether it is through incompetence or straight-up corruption, when it comes to the housing that does get built in this city. We have seen so many different politicians get busted for all kinds of pay-to-play deals. But on top of that, you also have a whole lot of issues when it comes to stupid laws that the city of Los Angeles passes or gets the voters to pass. You wanna know why apartment building is almost nonexistent in the city of Los Angeles right now? It's because back in 2022, voters passed Measure ULA, the mansion tax, except it wasn't a mansion tax. It was a real estate transfer tax on any property valued over $5 million, which would be any multifamily building. It doesn't matter how dumpy they are. And that almost immediately as that became into effect in 2023, killed the housing construction market in the city of Los Angeles. Apartment buildings are still being built in the cities surrounding Los Angeles, but it is very difficult to get anyone to want to buy in to do one of these things. And when all kinds of reforms for Measure ULA were proposed, the people who put this up, which includes a lot of the Yimby crowd that wanted SB 79, said, no, we can't do that. We need this tax.. And the city is kind of in a tough situation here because they cannot build. And they also were under the threat of the HJTA law, the one that was going to go on the November ballot. They got negotiated off. One of the things that it was going to do away with was the real estate transfer tax, which would have been great. Unfortunately, they decided the two-thirds fight was a more important fight. I understand that, but we were going to be in a situation where the city would have overextended itself to all the money that it promised for Measure ULA, not getting that funding anymore and have to find that funding somewhere else. And you might wonder, what does all that funding for Measure ULA go to? Oh, I'll tell you. One of the things that Measure ULA funds is eviction defense attorneys from organizations like Bet Tzedek and other nonprofit law organizations that use government contracts to sue the city of Los Angeles. That's right. We are currently paying eviction defense attorneys to sue the city on behalf of the city. It is insanity. And it is another reason why you have such a hostile environment towards building apartment buildings, managing apartment buildings in Los Angeles. That all being said, none of that changes because of SB 79, and the disincentive to build apartment buildings will still exist in Los Angeles because of Measure ULA. So in a weird way, you can almost see how LA's own incompetence may have actually protected the city from the full implementation of Scott Wiener's SB79. Wow, did a whole segment on that one. Now, when it comes to the horrific situation that is still taking place in Boyle Heights, Mayor Karen Bass, the mayor of Los Angeles, well, she did a little walkthrough with NBC LA to talk about how she could not imagine that this food storage facility would have things like meat in there. We thought it would just have bread. And I'm putting forth two executive orders. One, to speed up the cleanup of all of this disgusting, rotting food, which is very difficult considering that, well, the organization that runs that, that's going to do the cleanup, can't get in there yet because technically the fire is still not all the way out. Technically, the fire still has a whole lot of issues. The fire is still buried under debris that the firefighters can't get to, so they're just spraying water on top of it. So that's one issue. You also have all of the efforts to deodorize the neighborhood, which are having minimal effects, whether it's passing out the air purifiers, trying to put a tarp over a portion of the building. There, there is so many issues going on here. It is a disaster. Karen Bass also wants to figure out what's going on in all these warehouses because we shouldn't have warehouses like this next to certain neighborhoods. We'll see what that ends up leading to. Meanwhile, it's not the only environmental disaster in the city of Los Angeles. Oh no, no, no, no. E. coli was found in a random water sample in an area in Koreatown, and immediately the LADWP shut off all the water, started passing out bottled water, and it looks like it's going to be like this for a few days, which means if you operate any kind of restaurant in the area, you're immediately shut down. How did E. coli get in the water supply? I don't want to know, but that does not sound very good. Now, it is a big, big weekend, not just in Los Angeles, not just in California, but in this country. It is the 250th birthday of the United States of America, the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence., and that means it's going to be a 4th of July like no other for the dumbasses that live near me that wanna make things go boom. I know I should have a little more deference for all of the fun that is to be had with celebrating this holiday and celebrating with fireworks. But as somebody that has lived in the San Fernando Valley for the last 9 years. I have had enough of illegal fireworks. And the fact that I have to even say I've had enough of illegal fireworks tells you how big of a problem this is. It is so widespread, especially in the Valley. Even for things like Mexico wins a World Cup belt, a shoot bunch of— for that, it is so annoying. It drives me crazy. And yes, one of the reasons that it pisses me off so greatly is because I have small dogs and one of the small dogs gets freaked out by it, which is why the last few years I tried to make it a point that I wouldn't be in town on the 4th of July. Unfortunately, I am, so I'm going to have to deal with it. But I have a very distinct memory. You know, we lived in Burbank for quite a few years before we decided— I guess, you know, looking back, I can't really understand why we left. I mean, we had to get out of the situation we were in. I don't think my wife and I, and girlfriend could afford a place in Burbank all on our own. So we moved from Burbank to Reseda, and then a year later, Reseda to the house that I'm broadcasting from right now. And Burbank, sure, you'll hear some fireworks, but you know, I hope— we hosted a block party once and had a whole bunch of friends over in the backyard at our house in Burbank near the hills. And one of my dumbass friends brought an illegal firework and shot it off in the alley. Within 5 minutes, 5 minutes, the Burbank PD showed up shining a flashlight trying to figure out what the hell happened. It was an incredible response. And so while you heard fireworks, you didn't really hear anything that crazy. Then we moved to Reseda and we lived in a townhouse.. And it was the 4th of July in 2017. And for some reason, my wife, then girlfriend, and a friend of ours decided, you know what would be really fun? We should go to the movies. In fact, I remember exactly what movie we saw. We went to see Baby Driver, which is that Edgar Wright movie about the getaway driver who has some hearing issues. And the soundtrack just— it's, it's a really, really, really fun movie. We get home. It's now like 9:00 at night on the 4th of July. At the time, we had 3 dogs in our house. We had my wife's poodle mix, my wife's cavapoo, and we were also watching my wife's former roommate's Shiba Inu, Bonsai. Oh, I love Bonsai. The 2 little dogs were in their crate. Bonsai was too big for a crate. Also wasn't really a crate-worthy dog. And so usually when we'd come home, he'd be right at the door. Hey, where were you? What are we doing? Very excited dog. I will never forget us coming home, going upstairs to let the little dogs out and be like, where's Bonsai? I can't find Bonsai. Where is he? He was hiding under our bed. He somehow crawled under there and he was kind of too big for it. So it was hard for him to get out of there because of all the explosion noises that happen in my neighborhood. And that's when I lived in Reseda. Then I moved a little further east to where I am right now near— well, you know, let's just call it Van Nuys. And now every single 4th of July, except for last year, when we ditched this place for Santa Fe, and the year before that when we ditched this place for San Francisco and Carmel-by-the-Sea, I have to deal with explosions to the left of me, explosions to the right, explosions to the north, explosions to the south, explosions every direction possible. It is nonstop, it is everywhere, and it drives me crazy. That being said, the LAPD says they're gonna crack down on it. There's been those big busts of those illegal fireworks warehouses, and to the most point, this is going to have a almost non-existent effect because the problem is so widespread. And despite the irritation to the community, despite the fact that it's against the law, and despite the fact that we live in a very dangerous wildfire-prone area, Nothing. I say nothing is going to stop people from needing things to go boom. I've had enough of it. I get to— instead of going out on Saturday night, pretty much I'll have to stay home with my little doggie. And I've got a little sock thing that I put over her head so her ears can't really hear what's going on. We're going to sit home and sit on the couch and do nothing on Friday night. And Saturday night and Sunday night, which is not only Fourth of July weekend, but Mexico is once again in another World Cup match. So if they win, that's gonna be a whole thing. And I get to sit around and do nothing this weekend because people want to make loud, obnoxious explosions, and somehow that celebrates everything that we love about this country. I feel like I live around a bunch of idiots. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I'm a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you gotta close the lid. So you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time. You don't— you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy.

[19:34] **Speaker B:** When you're a maintenance engineer in a beverage manufacturing plant, you keep production lines moving and quality on track. Because there is no room for slowdowns. With Grainger's vast selection of high-quality motors, sensors, belts, and hard-to-find parts, you can get what you need fast and all in one place, so nothing gets in the way of getting the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[20:04] **Speaker A:** If you'd like to send me an email, I do read all of your emails at randywangradio@gmail.com. Please do so, even on the weekends. Even if you just want to say hi. Dennis writes in, hey Randy, I'm 100% with you in when it comes to illegal fireworks. I live in Mission Hills and it drives me insane when these bombs blow off for 12 hours straight. My poor cat. I can't tell if my cat cares about fireworks because my cat is afraid of everything. Roger writes in at randywangradio@gmail.com. 2020 and 2021 were by far the worst for illegal fireworks because COVID shut everything down. Their cartels flooded the country with fireworks and the police were way, way undermanned to stop. Oh, you are totally right about that. And I feel like it was a form of protest back then because of the lockdowns, but I remember It felt like almost every single day between Memorial Day and the Labor Day weekend, there were fireworks exploding in my neighborhood. It was constant. And you know, for all the people that say, well, you know, there's also the professional shows and those are fine. You know, professional shows are fine for certain groups. I don't know why. My local high school, all the time, right around the corner from me, gets permission to do these massive firework shows like 2 or 3 times a year at 9 o'clock at night. And you know how they warn us about it? A postcard in the mail the day before that maybe I'll remember to read if I checked my mail that day. I know I can sound like a crank with this, but I think there are plenty of other ways to celebrate this country's birthday than with fireworks. Just not my thing. It's never been my thing. Sure, you know, everyone likes to see a good fireworks show at Disneyland, but the amount of illegal explosions that you have to hear on a daily basis, it's just— it makes me want to move more than almost anything else. Hey, how about this? 790 KABC welcomes Bobby Brown celebrating 35 years of the iconic Don't Be Cruel album at the Saban Theatre on July 10th. Tickets are on sale now at AXS.com, but right now calling number 9 at 1-888-795-222 gets a pair of tickets to the show. Tickets furnished by The Canyon, where music meets the soul. Good luck dialing, 'cause the KABC News Blitz with Randy Wang continues now. It is the News Blitz with Randy Wang on talk radio 790 KABC. This is your daily rundown of everything you need to know that's going on in Southern California, as well as the Bay Area, Sacramento, San Diego, and the Central Valley. I get all of my show prep going around 6:00 AM, looking at all the stories that are important that you may have missed, because sometimes we all get focused on what's going on nationally, and I put it all up online. I think I've got about 15, 16 stories this week or today. At randywangradio.substack.com, the home version of the News Blitz. You can subscribe for free and just— there's the stories. You can watch them if you want, you can share them if you want, or you can just— hey, there's the stories and I just heard about them. That's what this show is. I try to give you a good explanation of everything that I learned today that's going on in the state of California. By the way, if you haven't yet, I highly recommend you download my brand new podcast with John Phillips. It airs weekly. The Accountability Podcast with John Phillips and Randy Wang. John and I did a deep dive on why we think Gavin Newsom will never be president. You can get it by searching KABC on Apple Podcasts. You can go to kabc.com, or there is a video version of that if you go to youtube.com/@accountabilitypodcast. If you cannot find it, if you're having trouble finding it or any of the feeds for our live video stream that we're doing every single day, just email me and I'll send you the links directly. randywangradio@gmail.com. We try to be as customer-focused as we can here and make sure that you have access to listen to all the stuff that we're putting out every week. San Diego, specifically El Cajon, is doing something that off the bat sounds like, well, why would we want to do that? And that is using AI to answer non-emergency calls to the El Cajon Police. 911 calls would still be routed to a live human, but the dispatchers at a place like El Cajon, they do have a lot of emergency calls, but they're also taking a lot of non-emergency calls. And the hard truth about the crisis that we have up and down the state of California when it comes to 911 operators is that this is an incredibly stressful job that is very, very, very hard to hire for. The standards, as they should be, are so high. So many people that start the training do not finish it. I mean, the standards are so much higher than so many other kinds of departments that we have. And I'm not saying that we need to lower the standards. But it's just a fact of life. We are seeing staffing shortages for 911 in several cities, small cities like El Cajon, large cities like LA and Oakland, and trying to rehire just to go up against attrition, it's just not panning out. So it's a situation like that where you cannot staff your way out of a crisis, where you do have to start thinking outside of the box. You know, police departments need to start thinking about this way either. For as much as it would be very easy to throw out the red meat and be like, Yes, let's fully fund our police departments. The truth is we can't— we have tried throwing as much money as possible at the problem in cities like Los Angeles and even cities where they treat their police departments a hell of a lot better. And it's a job, whether it's just because of the stress of the job, the literal danger of the job, or the black eye that the job got through the BLM protests of 2020, that a whole lot of people don't want to be police officers. And if you're going to be a police officer, why would you want to be one in LA? And so if you cannot hire your way out of the problem, even attracting all those bonuses, signing bonuses, all these packages, it did not pan out. Then you've got— that's when you have to turn to, okay, how can we alleviate some of the less important duties, or how can we use technology to have us work smarter. And when it comes to answering non-emergency calls, if we really do not have the staff because we don't want to take a sworn officer to take those calls and we want to make sure that the 911 operators have a little bit of breathing room, because if you overwhelm them and, you know, these staffing shortages become a self-fulfilling prophecy in somewhat sense of a doom loop. Because whether it is police, whether it is fire, whether it is 911 operators, when you have departments that are stretched so thin that because there's so few people that can do the job that everyone has to work mandatory overtime, the burnout factor gets bigger and bigger and bigger. And then eventually people just say, I can't do this anymore. And when you have a situation like with 911 where it takes a year start to finish to hire somebody if they make it through the training, which is incredibly rigorous. All right, let's figure out some technology to do the other part of this job. And you know what? If you watch the story from NBC7, you'll see the AI understand clearly what the person is asking, repeat back to them, okay, this is the thing you want to report. The AI drafts the report, sends it to the appropriate department. This technology can be very useful. And while we don't want it to take away jobs, something that we need to think about as we go into this next evolution of our economy is utilizing AI for the jobs we cannot fill or the jobs we just don't have a budget for. You know, I'll give you a quick, for instance, you know, I'm not a huge a huge user of AI. I just haven't been, you know, I occasionally, I will ask a question to Google Gemini because, well, I'm usually Googling things anyway, and that's what pops up now. The AI answer pops up before the search result. But in the last 2 weeks, I have started using a lot more AI in helping me with our new live video broadcasting. And it's interesting, you know, we're doing this whole thing on a very— I wouldn't even say shoestring budget because we have no budget for this. I'm the budget for it. It's how many other duties can I do while also co-hosting a 3-hour show, hosting this show, putting up podcasts, running a board, all the things that I do anyway. And one of the things that you need to do as you go into the streaming world and the social media world, if you really want your show to grow, get exposed to different people, is you need to have clips that have captions that are formatted vertically that can go out to your Twitters, your Facebooks, specifically though your YouTube Shorts and your Instagram Reels. That is where the video content that you produce gets pushed out to people that don't already subscribe to you, and it's how brand new people can find your content. It is very important as we're starting to grow a digital audience. So I have been playing around with all this video editing stuff and the planning for us doing a podcast and then moving into live streaming for nearly a year. And I remember 6 months ago, near the end of last year, beginning of this year, I was spending so much time on the computer. Not only learning how to clip, learning how to reformat these things. It's one thing to find what I think would make a good clip. I have an ear for it. I've been in radio for 20 years, but just the process of, you know, recording an entire show, cutting up little 30-second, 60-second segments here or there, put— transcribing it, adding in a caption, figuring out a title, uploading it all to all the different social media platforms. It is a full-time job just doing that, and it's a full-time job that we will never have a budget for at this radio station. It's just not gonna happen. So here we are, we're launching our brand new livestream. I have software that I am paying for that helps us push the livestream of the show out to all the different platforms., and one of the features that it has that comes along with the subscription is AI-generated clips. Now, it's not making up images of us. That's a whole other concept, but it listens to the 3-hour show, or I'm recording this show just for posterity purposes. And because if I record this show, eventually we may livestream this show as well. We'll get there. Gotta make sure we've worked all the kinks out of the 3-hour show before we do this one. But we— I— it listens to the show and it isolates 5. I can pick between 3 and 5 or between 5 and 10 moments that are pretty darn spot on. Sometimes you have to tell it that's not really something that's clipworthy, but sometimes you give it some positive reinforcement with a heart. Yeah, you're totally spot on. Maybe you have to trim out the beginning or the end a little bit. But it's already formatted for mobile. It already has the transcription. It already has the captions. And it's the same kind of videos you see for everybody. It's already made. And I just click, click, and it goes out to Twitter, to Facebook, to TikTok, to Instagram, to YouTube, all at the same time. It is a job that is needed that we would have never had the money to pay for that is now being all done by AI. I don't think we're anywhere close to the point where AI is going to do my job, thankfully. But for a job like that, which makes me feel really bad for the editors that are out there because AI is coming for you first. I'm sorry. But when it comes to situations like this, I am finding it to be very helpful. And that is a very long-winded way of explaining that I have no problem with the AI assistant answering the non-emergency calls at the El Cajon Police Department. Okay, I think we figured all that one out. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on Talk Radio 790 KABC. I am a big fan of my Solaire infrared grill. I've had it for over a year and it has upgraded my grill game substantially. For one, I find myself wanting to grill more often because the thing heats up to 1,000 degrees in just minutes. When I used to grill on my old grill that I had from Home Depot, you turn on the propane, you wait like 15, 20 minutes for that thing to get up to temperature, and then as soon as you open the lid, all that heat goes away. So you got to close the lid so you have no idea what's going on. If there's a flare-up, you find out because the entire yard is smoking. That doesn't happen on the Solaire. It stays so hot that you can cook while paying attention the entire time.

[34:42] **Speaker B:** You don't—

[34:42] **Speaker A:** you never put the lid down. You have the lid up the entire time, but it gets a perfect char. You get nice char on the outside, juicy meat on the inside. It does such a great job. So check it out for yourself at besthotgrill.com/randy.

[34:59] **Speaker B:** When you're a maintenance engineer in a beverage manufacturing plant, you keep production lines moving and quality on track. Back because there is no room for slowdowns. With Grainger's vast selection of high-quality motors, sensors, belts, and hard-to-find parts, you can get what you need fast and all in one place, so nothing gets in the way of getting the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[35:29] **Speaker A:** It feels like a Friday, but it is a Thursday, and that means we got a whole lot of movies coming out. All right, Mondo, what did we find out that's coming out box office this weekend. Thrash. When a Category 5 hurricane decimates a coastal town, the storm surge brings devastation, chaos, and something far more frightening— hungry sharks. Starring Phoebe Dynevor of Bridgerton fame and Djimon Hounsou of Guardians of the Galaxy fame. And yeah, yeah, yeah. Blood Diamond, whatever. I really like Guardians of the Galaxy movie. Young Washington. Before he was the father of a nation, he was a soldier fighting to survive. A single misstep thrust young George Washington in the center of a global conflict, testing his honor, loyalty, and courage. Here comes the general! As the alliances crumble and the frontier erupts into war, he must not only confront his enemies, but the man he's becoming. This is the untold story of young George Washington, starring William Franklin Miller, Mary Louise Parker, and Leo Hanna. You know, just hearing the name Washington and thinking about the Fourth of July, I think I do need to do— ever since 2020, since they put it on Disney Plus, It has been a time-honored tradition, although my wife's out of town, I think I can still do it. I gotta watch Hamilton on Disney+. That pro shot of Hamilton with the original Broadway cast is so good and so inspiring, and it really is just so fantastic to watch on the 4th of July. Although, to be completely honest, the last couple of times we did it, we watched the first act Then someone got tired and we had to go to bed and we kind of forgot about the second act. But that's okay because the first act is all about the founding of the nation and the second act is about the affair. It's a great show. And finally, Minions and Monsters, fresh off the worldwide blockbuster success of summer 2024's funniest comedy, Despicable Me 4. Would I be able to watch that one considering that I haven't seen any since Despicable Me 2? Illumination expands its joyful animated universe to a riotous new chapter featuring all new characters in the biggest global animated franchise in history, Minions and Monsters. And if you want to know why the Minions movies are the biggest global animated franchise in history, It's because when you have cartoon characters that their whole bit is that they speak in gibberish, it's really, really, really easy to translate that to 200 different languages. Gibberish in English is as gibberish as gibberish in Spanish as gibberish in all kinds of languages. So that's pretty cool. Hey, if you'd like to send me an email, you can do so at randywangradio@gmail.com. Bob writes in, listening in Yuma, Arizona. Hey, Randy, really enjoyed the live video this week. I lived in SoCal for 25 years, and in the last few years before I moved to Arizona, I lived in Simi Valley, and the fireworks were worse there. In fact, here in Yuma, we're 20 miles from the Mexican border, but the fireworks at holidays are not that bad, much less than in Simi. You know, that is a really interesting point. And I love that Bob writes in listening all the way from Arizona because it's true that the places where these products are perfectly legal, you hear all the time of people going across the border to Nevada or Arizona to buy the big fireworks. Those cities and those states don't have the fireworks problem that we have here. It's almost like making them contraband makes the dumbasses want them even more. But that is just— it is very true. I'm pretty sure it's really easy to get fireworks in New Mexico. That being said, you didn't really hear anybody outside of the main fireworks show at the plaza when I was at Santa Fe for Fourth of July last year. Why am I not there this year? It's okay, I'll be in Santa Fe in like 6 weeks. It's gonna be great. It's like the longest it's been since I've been there because it's been over 2 months. It's not really fair. I need to be there all the time. Before we go, a quick message and a quick warning out there. The California Highway Patrol is going to be in what they call maximum enforcement tonight, tomorrow, Saturday, and Sunday for the big Fourth of July weekend. And maximum enforcement means they're going to be cracking down as much as possible on impaired driving, drinking and driving, drugging and driving. And you know, in the age that we're in now, in 2026, where rideshare, although it's not cheap, is right there on your phone, although you have robo cars that can come pick you up, we really need to toughen our DUI laws. It needs to be so much tougher than it is right now, because what we're having right now is not a deterrent. And there are so many options to not drink and drive. And, you know, it's one thing you're going out to dinner, maybe you're going to have one, maybe two drinks before dinner, during dinner. That's not the same as, for instance, if it's a big holiday weekend and you're going to a big house party and you know you're gonna get hammered. Take a car there. Hell, take Metro there, but do something. You know, you even have AAA offers this during New Year's. I think they offer it during the 4th of July too, the Tipsy Tow service, where yep, you got AAA, they'll tow you somewhere. But do not drink and drive. And smoking and driving is the exact same thing. Not talking about cigarettes, I'm talking about pot. And for a long time, I was one of those idiots that thought, no, it doesn't affect my driving. It does affect your driving. Just be careful out there. Be safe out there. Don't contribute to our already incredibly dangerous roads. And if you don't want to do any of that, find a friend that has a party that you can walk to. That's what I'm doing on Saturday. My neighbors who are 10 doors down are throwing a pool party.. And my biggest decision is not, am I going to drink or not? Which I don't know if I am because I haven't really had a sip of alcohol in a month and I'm feeling pretty great from it. I might have a couple of drinks. They usually have a frosé machine, but it's what am I going to smoke to bring to the party? That is my, you know, it's funny. 10 years ago, all I would talk about was smoking and that's 'cause I was into pot. Nowadays I talk about smoking, but it's all about meat. And I have a half a mind to try something I've never tried before because I don't want to do a brisket. That is too much cost. It is too much work. And I'm by myself. And that is too much meat that I'm going to have to eat all by myself. Could do a tri-tip. Thinking about that. I would love to finish it on my Soleil, get a really nice char. But I also— I bought this recipe book from this woman who was on the Netflix barbecue show. Sloan is her name, and she has this recipe for pork belly burnt ends. And since I have tomorrow off— oh yeah, it's a best of tomorrow, enjoy it— I might try to experiment with that. Regardless, I'll report back to you Monday. Have a safe and sane and responsible and fun Fourth of July weekend, everybody. It's the News Blitz with Randy Wang on talk radio 790 KABC. Well, I had my make-ahead grilled chicken thigh barbecue chicken salad again for lunch yesterday, and it is so great. There's just, you know, if you're really being lazy, yeah, you could just throw them in the oven. They're going to get tossed in barbecue sauce anyway, but you get such a nice char, especially on my Solaire infrared grill. They are tasting fantastic. The Solaire infrared grill does such a good job whenever I'm doing chicken, steaks, sausages, veggies. It does a great job and it does everything hot and fast. The grill heats up to 1,000 degrees in just 3 minutes, which makes it a lot more realistic to be cooking even when you're busy. It's great. I'm a big fan. I highly recommend you check out the website. Just look at the information on there, see if it makes sense for you, and when you're ready to upgrade, this is the grill for you. Besthotgrill.com/randy. That's besthotgrill.com/randy.
