# It's a Numbers Game: NYC Mayor Zohran Mamdani's Agenda Hits Reality: Crime, Rent Freeze & Broken Promises

**Show:** The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show
**Date Published:** 2026-06-26
**Date Found:** 2026-06-26
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/a-numbers-game-with-ryan-girdusky/its-a-numbers-game-nyc-mayor-zohran-mamdanis-agenda-hits-reality-crime-rent-freeze-broken-promises?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 63 minutes

## Summary

This 63-minute episode of The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show

## Key Moment

> "Welcome back to A Numbers Game with Ryan Graduski. Happy Friday, everybody. I want to start off this episode with a public announcement. If you are a parent and your child is sick, do not bring that child to a gathering with other children. If you are sick, do not come to a public gathering. I'm on Day 4 of my cold, my illness, and if you could hear a little of my voice, I'm almost towards the end. I no longer am battling 102-degree fevers, but every time I've gotten sick in the last year, it's because someone came to somewhere knowing they or their child was ill and didn't care enough not to bring them. So don't be that person. Don't make me hate you. It has been a very rough week where I got almost nothing done aside from sleeping and getting liquids in. And, um, and just— I'm almost through it, we're almost there. As the week comes to a close, just don't be that person. You know who didn't have a tough week though? Zohra Mondani. He had a very big victory on Tuesday when the group he's affiliated with, the Democratic Socialists of America, the DSA, scored huge electoral victories over in New York. Now, it's very confusing. DSA candidates are one thing, Mondani-backed candidates are another, and then there's Bernie Sanders-backed candidates. It's like a Venn diagram. One is not always the other. So in the case of New York, Brad Ladner, one of the candidates that he backed, is a Mondani-backed candidate, but not actually a member of the DSA. I know it's confusing. I'm going to talk specifically about the DSA, which, by the way, to my dutiful listeners, the ones who have been here for every episode of this show, you've been ahead of the curve because I have been talking about DSA for weeks now. And I'm taking a lot of pride in the fact that I have been presenting you guys with information before it became a national news story. And I want everyone to be as informed as possible. So long before everyone was like, DSA, DSA, DSA, if you listen to this show, You have been hearing about it from me for the last few weeks. I'm going to give you the play-by-play of what happened in New York and then across the country and how it's affecting Democratic Party across the country. Remember during— here's how I want to break it down. Remember during the LA mayoral election when I was talking about the fact that 170,000 people who had voted for President Trump received a mail-in ballot in the mail and then didn't bothered to return the mail-in ballot so they couldn't vote for Spencer Pratt, had thrown him— that would have thrown him over the finish line and actually would have made him in first place. And I would say, if you don't vote, don't vote, don't complain. And we have a problem with Republicans not voting in high numbers in these primaries. The Democrats are having an opposite problem, but it's not even— it's not an even problem across every demographic line. Democrats as a whole are much more active in voting than they have been in the past primaries, especially if you go back like to 2014. 2014 is a year like Democrats didn't show up at all and Republicans won elections in places they really had no right to win in whatsoever. Democrats this time, especially women, young people, and college degree holders, are voting in insanely high numbers. Blacks are having a decent-sized turnout. Latinos and Asians at a much, much lower level. East Asians especially, and Latinos, not just all Asians, but like East Asian, South Asians are actually voting in high numbers, but East Asians and Latinos, uh, without, with very rare exceptions, are voting in pretty low numbers in comparison. But college-educated voters, women, young people, they are having sky-high numbers. The significant overperformance among that demographic, as well as people who are very liberal, in some cases communists, is the perfect storm for a DSA-backed candidate to win. Where there's hundreds of thousands of possible DSA-sympathetic voters is in a place like New York. New York, a city that many have not lived in for 10 years or even 5 years. They wouldn't have, by the way, ever moved to New York had it not been for the existence of two men, Rudy Giuliani and Ray Kelly, who fixed this city in an unimaginable way. And then third would be Michael Bloomberg. But Ray Kelly and Rudy Giuliani, if this city had any respect for itself, there would be a statue of those two men at JFK and LaGuardia Airport saying, welcome to New York. You would not want to be here without these two men. But I digress. I need to make something very clear though, to everybody. When we talk about these well-to-do wealthy college-educated people, I'm not only talking about white people. You will hear that from some conservative talking heads, but that is not true. Where these areas that the DSA candidates won in The white voters there are a very small minority in most cases, and they're there specifically because they're in high transplant areas. In other words, there were at one point ethnic whites that lived in Northern Manhattan or in Bushwick or Bed-Stuy or Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and they all moved out in the '60s and '70s and '80s during the great You know, migration out to the suburbs. The people who have since moved in are all either ex-Manhattan people, or they just moved straight to those neighborhoods when they became trendy. They're not original to those areas. So it's not like you can say with a broad brush, oh, white voters in these areas. They are white voters who have moved specifically to be among other socialists in areas they would never have lived in. 3 decades ago. So one, all these whites are transplants, and— or nearly all these whites are transplants. And two, um, they're not all white, all these DSA voters. The idea of hating Western civilization, of hating America, of hating capitalism, that is a, um, that is a form of assimilation that a lot of immigrants, especially second-generation immigrants, especially second-generation South Indian— South Asian, rather— and Muslim immigrants have assimilated to in large form. Look at the people who won in New York. A lot of Muslims, a lot of South Asians, a lot of people who came to this country, they chose to immigrate here. Some people from Latin America chose to immigrate here. And how they assimilated to— they assimilated to shitlib culture. They assimilated to college, uh, college culture and to mass media culture, which embraces the left. So I think that's something very important to understand. There is this god-awful social media show where this guy— I don't know if you guys have ever seen it, I don't know the name of the show, but I see it on Instagram from time to time— this guy sits on the subway and he holds a subway MetroCard and he asks people for hot takes. Sometimes a celebrity will join him. Um, and several months ago he had on this South Asian woman whose hot take were that white people should not be allowed to sit on the stoops of Bed-Stuy. Now you don't even have to see the clip. I have the clip, but it's not even worth showing because it's so painstakingly annoying. What you don't know, this one that clearly has an accent, is she's from a wealthy Pakistani family. She moved to New York as an adult, displaced the same Black people that she complains that white people displaced. She's part of it. And the community of Bed-Stuy that she's talking about It's a very nice area now full of old brownstones, brownstones that were built by specifically English Americans back in the 1900s and 1910s. So the small gap in time in which they were not occupied by white people, she deems that as being where, who should actually be able to occupy those homes and that place. It's all nonsense. It's all garbage. It's all, you know, brain fog. However, it is the— what she's assimilated to instantly about being in this country. It's all left-wing cultural identity thought process that she has assimilated to. She, she came to this country and didn't assimilate to Archie Bunker or, you know, John Wayne. She assimilated to Bernie Sanders. And I, I think that that is something you have to understand when I'm talking about college-educated people. It's not just all college-educated people with an, with an art degree who can't get a job. Most of these people are not white, and most of them are also very, very wealthy with good-paying jobs. You can't reason with these people. You can't shame these people. You can't bring logic to them. You can only mock them, make laughingstocks of them. And when you are in charge, when the opposition is in charge, break down the institutions that created that. So that's the situation in New York. Giuliani and, and, uh, Ray Kelly make it a great city to live in. Hundreds of thousands of transplants move into formerly brown areas with ethnically working-class minorities. They all come in one area, um, both white and non-white college degree holders, and it is the perfect you know, perfect combination for a failed rapper turned mayor to get in the mix and mobilize them with the DSA to get them to vote for socialists. There's a strip of New York from the top of Queens in Astoria that touches the water towards Manhattan all the way to Bay Ridge, which touches the water at the bottom part of Brooklyn. That whole strip from Manhattan across Manhattan, from Queens to Brooklyn, that is called the commie corridor. You will hear that term mentioned. So let's look at these particular commie corridors where most of these other candidates have won. That's why I said this. So let's look at these races first. The races in particular, first in New York 10, this is a district where Representative Dan Goldman, who is a mental midget, um, spent most last 4 years referring to Trump as Hitler. He's a, but Aside from being a resist lib, he's also a vocal supporter of Israel. He was defeated overwhelmingly by the DSA-backed candidate who would have absolutely no problem in making Gaza the 51st state. Now, Goldman wasn't unpopular in a normal election cycle."
> — Speaker F at 03:23
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [03:23] Speaker F: "Welcome back to A Numbers Game with Ryan Graduski. Happy Friday, everybody. I want to start off this episode with a public announcement. If you are a parent and your child is sick, do not bring that child to a gathering with other children. If you are sick, do not come to a public gathering. I'm on Day 4 of my cold, my illness, and if you could hear a little of my voice, I'm almost towards the end. I no longer am battling 102-degree fevers, but every time I've gotten sick in the last year, it's because someone came to somewhere knowing they or their child was ill and didn't care enough not to bring them. So don't be that person. Don't make me hate you. It has been a very rough week where I got almost nothing done aside from sleeping and getting liquids in. And, um, and just— I'm almost through it, we're almost there. As the week comes to a close, just don't be that person. You know who didn't have a tough week though? Zohra Mondani. He had a very big victory on Tuesday when the group he's affiliated with, the Democratic Socialists of America, the DSA, scored huge electoral victories over in New York. Now, it's very confusing. DSA candidates are one thing, Mondani-backed candidates are another, and then there's Bernie Sanders-backed candidates. It's like a Venn diagram. One is not always the other. So in the case of New York, Brad Ladner, one of the candidates that he backed, is a Mondani-backed candidate, but not actually a member of the DSA. I know it's confusing. I'm going to talk specifically about the DSA, which, by the way, to my dutiful listeners, the ones who have been here for every episode of this show, you've been ahead of the curve because I have been talking about DSA for weeks now. And I'm taking a lot of pride in the fact that I have been presenting you guys with information before it became a national news story. And I want everyone to be as informed as possible. So long before everyone was like, DSA, DSA, DSA, if you listen to this show, You have been hearing about it from me for the last few weeks. I'm going to give you the play-by-play of what happened in New York and then across the country and how it's affecting Democratic Party across the country. Remember during— here's how I want to break it down. Remember during the LA mayoral election when I was talking about the fact that 170,000 people who had voted for President Trump received a mail-in ballot in the mail and then didn't bothered to return the mail-in ballot so they couldn't vote for Spencer Pratt, had thrown him— that would have thrown him over the finish line and actually would have made him in first place. And I would say, if you don't vote, don't vote, don't complain. And we have a problem with Republicans not voting in high numbers in these primaries. The Democrats are having an opposite problem, but it's not even— it's not an even problem across every demographic line. Democrats as a whole are much more active in voting than they have been in the past primaries, especially if you go back like to 2014. 2014 is a year like Democrats didn't show up at all and Republicans won elections in places they really had no right to win in whatsoever. Democrats this time, especially women, young people, and college degree holders, are voting in insanely high numbers. Blacks are having a decent-sized turnout. Latinos and Asians at a much, much lower level. East Asians especially, and Latinos, not just all Asians, but like East Asian, South Asians are actually voting in high numbers, but East Asians and Latinos, uh, without, with very rare exceptions, are voting in pretty low numbers in comparison. But college-educated voters, women, young people, they are having sky-high numbers. The significant overperformance among that demographic, as well as people who are very liberal, in some cases communists, is the perfect storm for a DSA-backed candidate to win. Where there's hundreds of thousands of possible DSA-sympathetic voters is in a place like New York. New York, a city that many have not lived in for 10 years or even 5 years. They wouldn't have, by the way, ever moved to New York had it not been for the existence of two men, Rudy Giuliani and Ray Kelly, who fixed this city in an unimaginable way. And then third would be Michael Bloomberg. But Ray Kelly and Rudy Giuliani, if this city had any respect for itself, there would be a statue of those two men at JFK and LaGuardia Airport saying, welcome to New York. You would not want to be here without these two men. But I digress. I need to make something very clear though, to everybody. When we talk about these well-to-do wealthy college-educated people, I'm not only talking about white people. You will hear that from some conservative talking heads, but that is not true. Where these areas that the DSA candidates won in The white voters there are a very small minority in most cases, and they're there specifically because they're in high transplant areas. In other words, there were at one point ethnic whites that lived in Northern Manhattan or in Bushwick or Bed-Stuy or Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and they all moved out in the '60s and '70s and '80s during the great You know, migration out to the suburbs. The people who have since moved in are all either ex-Manhattan people, or they just moved straight to those neighborhoods when they became trendy. They're not original to those areas. So it's not like you can say with a broad brush, oh, white voters in these areas. They are white voters who have moved specifically to be among other socialists in areas they would never have lived in. 3 decades ago. So one, all these whites are transplants, and— or nearly all these whites are transplants. And two, um, they're not all white, all these DSA voters. The idea of hating Western civilization, of hating America, of hating capitalism, that is a, um, that is a form of assimilation that a lot of immigrants, especially second-generation immigrants, especially second-generation South Indian— South Asian, rather— and Muslim immigrants have assimilated to in large form. Look at the people who won in New York. A lot of Muslims, a lot of South Asians, a lot of people who came to this country, they chose to immigrate here. Some people from Latin America chose to immigrate here. And how they assimilated to— they assimilated to shitlib culture. They assimilated to college, uh, college culture and to mass media culture, which embraces the left. So I think that's something very important to understand. There is this god-awful social media show where this guy— I don't know if you guys have ever seen it, I don't know the name of the show, but I see it on Instagram from time to time— this guy sits on the subway and he holds a subway MetroCard and he asks people for hot takes. Sometimes a celebrity will join him. Um, and several months ago he had on this South Asian woman whose hot take were that white people should not be allowed to sit on the stoops of Bed-Stuy. Now you don't even have to see the clip. I have the clip, but it's not even worth showing because it's so painstakingly annoying. What you don't know, this one that clearly has an accent, is she's from a wealthy Pakistani family. She moved to New York as an adult, displaced the same Black people that she complains that white people displaced. She's part of it. And the community of Bed-Stuy that she's talking about It's a very nice area now full of old brownstones, brownstones that were built by specifically English Americans back in the 1900s and 1910s. So the small gap in time in which they were not occupied by white people, she deems that as being where, who should actually be able to occupy those homes and that place. It's all nonsense. It's all garbage. It's all, you know, brain fog. However, it is the— what she's assimilated to instantly about being in this country. It's all left-wing cultural identity thought process that she has assimilated to. She, she came to this country and didn't assimilate to Archie Bunker or, you know, John Wayne. She assimilated to Bernie Sanders. And I, I think that that is something you have to understand when I'm talking about college-educated people. It's not just all college-educated people with an, with an art degree who can't get a job. Most of these people are not white, and most of them are also very, very wealthy with good-paying jobs. You can't reason with these people. You can't shame these people. You can't bring logic to them. You can only mock them, make laughingstocks of them. And when you are in charge, when the opposition is in charge, break down the institutions that created that. So that's the situation in New York. Giuliani and, and, uh, Ray Kelly make it a great city to live in. Hundreds of thousands of transplants move into formerly brown areas with ethnically working-class minorities. They all come in one area, um, both white and non-white college degree holders, and it is the perfect you know, perfect combination for a failed rapper turned mayor to get in the mix and mobilize them with the DSA to get them to vote for socialists. There's a strip of New York from the top of Queens in Astoria that touches the water towards Manhattan all the way to Bay Ridge, which touches the water at the bottom part of Brooklyn. That whole strip from Manhattan across Manhattan, from Queens to Brooklyn, that is called the commie corridor. You will hear that term mentioned. So let's look at these particular commie corridors where most of these other candidates have won. That's why I said this. So let's look at these races first. The races in particular, first in New York 10, this is a district where Representative Dan Goldman, who is a mental midget, um, spent most last 4 years referring to Trump as Hitler. He's a, but Aside from being a resist lib, he's also a vocal supporter of Israel. He was defeated overwhelmingly by the DSA-backed candidate who would have absolutely no problem in making Gaza the 51st state. Now, Goldman wasn't unpopular in a normal election cycle."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.

[00:04] **Speaker B:** This is Tony Ayo from The Real Report with Tony Ayo and Uncle Murda. You ever notice how everything keeps going up? Rent, streaming, even extra salsa at your favorite burrito spot. But with Boost Mobile, you don't have to play the will this go up soon game. Boost Mobile offers an unlimited talk, text, and data plan at a price that'll never go up. It's the same price you'll pay for life. Switch now for unlimited wireless at a price that'll never go up, only at Boost Mobile. After 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited plan.

[00:34] **Speaker C:** This is Jacob Goldstein from What's Your Problem. Business software is expensive, and when you buy software from lots of different companies, it's not only expensive, it gets confusing, slow to use, hard to integrate. Odoo solves that because all Odoo software is connected on a single affordable platform. Save money without missing out on the features you need. Odoo has no hidden costs and no limit on features or data. Odoo has over 60 apps available for any needs your business might have, all at no additional charge. Everything from websites to sales to inventory to accounting, all linked and talking to each other. Check out Odoo at odoo.com. That's odoo.com.

[01:19] **Speaker A:** Think about it. When it comes to your own food, you can walk into a restaurant, see what's being made, and know exactly what you're getting. But with dog food, most brands keep that completely hidden. Just Food for Dogs does the opposite. They've built their entire brand around open kitchens. You can actually walk in and watch them prepare your dog's meals with real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas cooked right there in front of you. No mystery, no behind the scenes you're not allowed to see. That kind of transparency is rare in the pet food world. And it's a big reason they've become the #1 vet-recommended fresh dog food, earning trust from pet parents who want to feel confident in what they're feeding. When a brand is willing to show you exactly how your dog's food is made, it says a lot about the care, quality, and standards behind every meal they produce. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to justfoodfordogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[02:19] **Speaker D:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years, Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone. Always dependable since 1900.

[02:49] **Speaker E:** You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in, the concrete jungle suffocating your soul? You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, maybe chase some elk, fish a private stream. Well, listen up. There's a whole world out there, and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to land.com. They've got ranches, forest, mountains, you name it. Search by acreage, location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of. Land.com. It's where the adventure begins.

[03:23] **Speaker F:** Welcome back to A Numbers Game with Ryan Graduski. Happy Friday, everybody. I want to start off this episode with a public announcement. If you are a parent and your child is sick, do not bring that child to a gathering with other children. If you are sick, do not come to a public gathering. I'm on Day 4 of my cold, my illness, and if you could hear a little of my voice, I'm almost towards the end. I no longer am battling 102-degree fevers, but every time I've gotten sick in the last year, it's because someone came to somewhere knowing they or their child was ill and didn't care enough not to bring them. So don't be that person. Don't make me hate you. It has been a very rough week where I got almost nothing done aside from sleeping and getting liquids in. And, um, and just— I'm almost through it, we're almost there. As the week comes to a close, just don't be that person. You know who didn't have a tough week though? Zohra Mondani. He had a very big victory on Tuesday when the group he's affiliated with, the Democratic Socialists of America, the DSA, scored huge electoral victories over in New York. Now, it's very confusing. DSA candidates are one thing, Mondani-backed candidates are another, and then there's Bernie Sanders-backed candidates. It's like a Venn diagram. One is not always the other. So in the case of New York, Brad Ladner, one of the candidates that he backed, is a Mondani-backed candidate, but not actually a member of the DSA. I know it's confusing. I'm going to talk specifically about the DSA, which, by the way, to my dutiful listeners, the ones who have been here for every episode of this show, you've been ahead of the curve because I have been talking about DSA for weeks now. And I'm taking a lot of pride in the fact that I have been presenting you guys with information before it became a national news story. And I want everyone to be as informed as possible. So long before everyone was like, DSA, DSA, DSA, if you listen to this show, You have been hearing about it from me for the last few weeks. I'm going to give you the play-by-play of what happened in New York and then across the country and how it's affecting Democratic Party across the country. Remember during— here's how I want to break it down. Remember during the LA mayoral election when I was talking about the fact that 170,000 people who had voted for President Trump received a mail-in ballot in the mail and then didn't bothered to return the mail-in ballot so they couldn't vote for Spencer Pratt, had thrown him— that would have thrown him over the finish line and actually would have made him in first place. And I would say, if you don't vote, don't vote, don't complain. And we have a problem with Republicans not voting in high numbers in these primaries. The Democrats are having an opposite problem, but it's not even— it's not an even problem across every demographic line. Democrats as a whole are much more active in voting than they have been in the past primaries, especially if you go back like to 2014. 2014 is a year like Democrats didn't show up at all and Republicans won elections in places they really had no right to win in whatsoever. Democrats this time, especially women, young people, and college degree holders, are voting in insanely high numbers. Blacks are having a decent-sized turnout. Latinos and Asians at a much, much lower level. East Asians especially, and Latinos, not just all Asians, but like East Asian, South Asians are actually voting in high numbers, but East Asians and Latinos, uh, without, with very rare exceptions, are voting in pretty low numbers in comparison. But college-educated voters, women, young people, they are having sky-high numbers. The significant overperformance among that demographic, as well as people who are very liberal, in some cases communists, is the perfect storm for a DSA-backed candidate to win. Where there's hundreds of thousands of possible DSA-sympathetic voters is in a place like New York. New York, a city that many have not lived in for 10 years or even 5 years. They wouldn't have, by the way, ever moved to New York had it not been for the existence of two men, Rudy Giuliani and Ray Kelly, who fixed this city in an unimaginable way. And then third would be Michael Bloomberg. But Ray Kelly and Rudy Giuliani, if this city had any respect for itself, there would be a statue of those two men at JFK and LaGuardia Airport saying, welcome to New York. You would not want to be here without these two men. But I digress. I need to make something very clear though, to everybody. When we talk about these well-to-do wealthy college-educated people, I'm not only talking about white people. You will hear that from some conservative talking heads, but that is not true. Where these areas that the DSA candidates won in The white voters there are a very small minority in most cases, and they're there specifically because they're in high transplant areas. In other words, there were at one point ethnic whites that lived in Northern Manhattan or in Bushwick or Bed-Stuy or Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and they all moved out in the '60s and '70s and '80s during the great You know, migration out to the suburbs. The people who have since moved in are all either ex-Manhattan people, or they just moved straight to those neighborhoods when they became trendy. They're not original to those areas. So it's not like you can say with a broad brush, oh, white voters in these areas. They are white voters who have moved specifically to be among other socialists in areas they would never have lived in. 3 decades ago. So one, all these whites are transplants, and— or nearly all these whites are transplants. And two, um, they're not all white, all these DSA voters. The idea of hating Western civilization, of hating America, of hating capitalism, that is a, um, that is a form of assimilation that a lot of immigrants, especially second-generation immigrants, especially second-generation South Indian— South Asian, rather— and Muslim immigrants have assimilated to in large form. Look at the people who won in New York. A lot of Muslims, a lot of South Asians, a lot of people who came to this country, they chose to immigrate here. Some people from Latin America chose to immigrate here. And how they assimilated to— they assimilated to shitlib culture. They assimilated to college, uh, college culture and to mass media culture, which embraces the left. So I think that's something very important to understand. There is this god-awful social media show where this guy— I don't know if you guys have ever seen it, I don't know the name of the show, but I see it on Instagram from time to time— this guy sits on the subway and he holds a subway MetroCard and he asks people for hot takes. Sometimes a celebrity will join him. Um, and several months ago he had on this South Asian woman whose hot take were that white people should not be allowed to sit on the stoops of Bed-Stuy. Now you don't even have to see the clip. I have the clip, but it's not even worth showing because it's so painstakingly annoying. What you don't know, this one that clearly has an accent, is she's from a wealthy Pakistani family. She moved to New York as an adult, displaced the same Black people that she complains that white people displaced. She's part of it. And the community of Bed-Stuy that she's talking about It's a very nice area now full of old brownstones, brownstones that were built by specifically English Americans back in the 1900s and 1910s. So the small gap in time in which they were not occupied by white people, she deems that as being where, who should actually be able to occupy those homes and that place. It's all nonsense. It's all garbage. It's all, you know, brain fog. However, it is the— what she's assimilated to instantly about being in this country. It's all left-wing cultural identity thought process that she has assimilated to. She, she came to this country and didn't assimilate to Archie Bunker or, you know, John Wayne. She assimilated to Bernie Sanders. And I, I think that that is something you have to understand when I'm talking about college-educated people. It's not just all college-educated people with an, with an art degree who can't get a job. Most of these people are not white, and most of them are also very, very wealthy with good-paying jobs. You can't reason with these people. You can't shame these people. You can't bring logic to them. You can only mock them, make laughingstocks of them. And when you are in charge, when the opposition is in charge, break down the institutions that created that. So that's the situation in New York. Giuliani and, and, uh, Ray Kelly make it a great city to live in. Hundreds of thousands of transplants move into formerly brown areas with ethnically working-class minorities. They all come in one area, um, both white and non-white college degree holders, and it is the perfect you know, perfect combination for a failed rapper turned mayor to get in the mix and mobilize them with the DSA to get them to vote for socialists. There's a strip of New York from the top of Queens in Astoria that touches the water towards Manhattan all the way to Bay Ridge, which touches the water at the bottom part of Brooklyn. That whole strip from Manhattan across Manhattan, from Queens to Brooklyn, that is called the commie corridor. You will hear that term mentioned. So let's look at these particular commie corridors where most of these other candidates have won. That's why I said this. So let's look at these races first. The races in particular, first in New York 10, this is a district where Representative Dan Goldman, who is a mental midget, um, spent most last 4 years referring to Trump as Hitler. He's a, but Aside from being a resist lib, he's also a vocal supporter of Israel. He was defeated overwhelmingly by the DSA-backed candidate who would have absolutely no problem in making Gaza the 51st state. Now, Goldman wasn't unpopular in a normal election cycle.

[14:46] **Speaker E:** Think of this.

[14:47] **Speaker F:** In 2022, when Sam— when Dan Goldman first ran, he got 16,700 votes. It was a crowded field, but he got 26%, enough to win the primary. In the second time he ran, this is 2 years ago, Dan Goldman received 22,700 votes. That's a presidential year. He got 66% of the votes. In this last, in this last election, Dan Goldman got 28,400 votes. So he increased his vote number by another 6,000 and by over 10,000 from the first time he ran. But he lost and he lost by a 2 to 1 margin with only 30 4% of the vote. That's right. In a presidential year, only 35,000 people showed up in a primary in his district. But in this year, mobilized by Mondani and the DSA, 84,000 people showed up. They said, get out and vote if you hate Trump, but really get out and vote if you hate Israel. And if you love Mondani, this is your guy. Now let's look at New York's 13th District. This is actually not in the commie corridor. This is in North Manhattan, Harlem and above, and the Bronx. There's a candidate, her name is Daria Zelaya Avila Chervalle. I know that's not how you pronounce her name. I will refer to her as DAC. I don't care how you say her name, but it's not—

[16:09] **Speaker G:** that's not how you say her name, how I said it.

[16:11] **Speaker F:** She took on incumbent representative Adriano Espaillat. He is the chairman of Latino Caucus. Now, this should have been on paper an easy layup for Espaillat because there's so many things to attack this woman on. But I need some explanation. I need to give you an explanation of why Espaillat's district didn't like him, specifically certain portions of his district. First, a decade ago— this is now ancient history— but a decade ago, Espaillat challenged famously New York politician Charlie Rangel. He was a Democrat. His most memorable thing was that he wrote the tax code but then didn't pay his taxes because he said the tax code was too complicated. New York politicians, you gotta love them. Anyway, Espaillat challenged him over a decade ago and almost unseated him. And the basic idea of his campaign was, look, this was a historical Black district, but now there are more Dominicans than Blacks. Dominicans should have a representative and not the Blacks. And this angered the Black community, and Black leaders never forgave him. Older Black voters never forgave him. They never voted for him. In, in other primaries since then. They really had a sour opinion of him, and I don't know, I guess he never worked hard enough, or he could never work hard enough to repair that broken relationship because he ran only on identity, which ironically is what helped unseat him this time. What's crazy is DAC didn't only win, but she actually outperformed Zohra Mandani in Harlem, in the Black Black community of Harlem specifically, not all of Harlem, in the Black portions of Harlem. Had Espilot maybe tried to repair that relationship with the Black community, yeah, he, he probably might have been able to win. That's the craziest thing. Now, so you have that problem going on with the Black community, and at the same time you have the gentrification around Columbia University where you saw all those anti-Israel protests over the last few years, and the vote disparity between that college-educated gentrified area in Northern Manhattan near Columbia and near Washington Heights and Inwood is remarkably different than the working-class communities you see in the Bronx, which are very supportive of Espolot. So in the precinct data, these are just a few blocks precinct by precinct. The average precinct in Washington Heights and Inwood in the gentrified areas was between 270 600 votes per precinct. Remember, there are dozens of precincts in this area. Now, if you look at the South Bronx, the part that had Espaillat's district, where Espaillat was well-liked, where Cuomo was well-liked, most of these precincts failed to even get 100 voters. Sometimes the best districts had less than 150 voters. The disparity of who showed up is wild, and DAC is by far, and I'm not joking when I say this, she's the most unqualified person to be elected to Congress. I mean, and I'm not speaking as just a Republican, but on paper as an American, she hates this country. She absolutely hates this country. And Espaillat did not campaign aggressively against her at all. He treated this election like it was a done deal for a long time. But here are some things that she has said. She's called for abolishing the police. Borders, and prisons, famously saying that she didn't think that murderers should be locked up. She retweeted that all deportations are wrong. She said she wiped her dirty hands with the American flag and this country is a, quote, effing disgrace. She wrote favorably about communism and said the government should nationalize utilities, pharmaceutical companies, and all properties from landlords. She called Joe Biden a rapist, said eff Kamala Harris, and criticized Guess this, AOC and Bernie Sanders for being too pro-Israel. She said that Israel doesn't exist, and she said that Black and Arab men who fetishize ugly colonizer women that are white women are a disgrace. Now, for those of you who think, Ryan, this is a New York problem, these are all freaks, and New York has a long history of electing lunatics, I, I completely agree.

[20:24] **Speaker G:** I get that. But it's not just New York, and you'll see why.

[20:28] **Speaker F:** Because this is not just the fact that New York put up a crazy person and they won their office. The DSA mobilized a ground effort to get them elected. Espilotta is a high-ranking incumbent Democrat. These people are not easily defeated. Over in the another part of the Comedy Corridor in Brooklyn, more than 300,000 doors were knocked from an upstart candidate who defeated the borough president of Brooklyn, a seat given to an established politician in that district. And while New York was the biggest victory of the DSA, it wasn't the only victory this year by far. They picked up a state legislative seat in Maryland the same night they won all those seats in, in over in New York. They won a congressional primary in Pennsylvania's 3rd District a few weeks, weeks back. That's in the city of Philadelphia. Along with the state house and state senate seat. All told this year, DSA-backed candidates have won 4 congressional seats, 3 state senate seats, and 14 state house seats in New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and Oregon this year. And there are more primaries to go. The DSA is still invested in 9 more congressional races this year. And that's just the people who are formally part of the DSA. There's also Bernie-backed candidates who won races in Maine and Montana already. This is a growing issue of different factions of the far left winning and building on their victories in red states and blue. This is not just New York, I promise you. So I can show you how the DSA has won and can win, but can they govern? Let's talk about how Mondani has done now. He's 6 months in as mayor. Let's show what he's done and what he's given up on as far as campaign promises. That's coming up next.

[22:21] **Speaker B:** This is Tony Ayo from The Real Report with Tony Ayo and Uncle Murda. You ever notice how everything keeps going up? Rent's going up, streaming services are going up, even your favorite burrito spot suddenly thinks salsa should cost extra. But with Boost Mobile, you and your phone bill don't have to play the will this go up soon game because Boost Mobile has an unlimited talk, text, and data plan at a price that'll never go up. It's the same price you'll pay for life, meaning you're set to never worry about your bill increasing again for as long as you're on the plan. While the world keeps finding new ways to nickel Daimu, Boost Mobile gives you unlimited wireless at one set price for life. Imagine something in your budget actually staying the same. You'll pay the same for unlimited wireless when you're posting mirror selfies in your 20s and when you're posting mirror selfies in retirement. Some things never change. Switch now for unlimited wireless at a price that'll never go up, only at Boost Mobile. After 30GB, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost unlimited plan.

[23:22] **Speaker C:** This is Jacob Goldstein from What's Your Problem. When you buy business software from lots of vendors, the costs add up and it gets complicated and confusing. Odoo solves this. It's a single company that sells a suite of enterprise apps that handles everything from accounting to inventory to sales. Odoo is all connected on a single platform in a simple and affordable way. You can save money without missing out on the features you need.

[23:46] **Speaker G:** You need.

[23:47] **Speaker C:** Check out Odoo at odoo.com. That's odoo.com.

[23:54] **Speaker H:** This is Bethenny Frankel from Just Be with Bethenny Frankel. Most dog food is marketing, not nutrition. That is why Biggie and Smalls eat Just Food for Dogs, real 100% human-grade food with ingredients I actually recognize. And yes, I do see the difference. Better digestion, Healthier skin, more energy, dogs that feel better. My babies. If you've been on the fence about switching, stop overthinking it. What's more important than your furry babies and their health? Go to justfoodfordogs.com right now and get 50% off your first box. No code needed. Just try it.

[24:32] **Speaker D:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years, Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone. Always Dependable. Since 1900.

[25:01] **Speaker I:** Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford, and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like, I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like, why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age? Every age. That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful Beauty. Beautiful skin at every age. Learn more at meaningfulbeauty.com.

[25:36] **Speaker G:** John Ketchum is the senior fellow and director of cities at the Manhattan Institute, and I think we're from the same area or close to it. Where are you from?

[25:44] **Speaker J:** Born and raised Astoria, Queens.

[25:47] **Speaker G:** Oh, okay, you're from— I'm from Middle Village, that's why. But we're both from Queens. Where, where, what? So your last name is Ketchum, but you're not Greek?

[25:54] **Speaker J:** No, a half Italian. I tell people I come under false pretenses. The last name isn't Italian, but the hands and the height.

[26:03] **Speaker H:** Yeah.

[26:04] **Speaker G:** I had an aunt who lived in Astoria forever and she owned a butcher shop. Her and her husband, um, Freddie's— Frankie Slice was the name of the butcher. I don't know. But anyway, he, uh, they were— I was, I was in Astoria all the time growing up because to see my aunt and my uncle. Uh, that's great. I'm glad that you're— which high school did you go to?

[26:23] **Speaker J:** St. Francis Prep.

[26:24] **Speaker G:** I went to St. Francis. Wow, look at that.

[26:26] **Speaker A:** Beautiful.

[26:27] **Speaker G:** What year did you graduate?

[26:28] **Speaker J:** '09.

[26:30] **Speaker G:** Okay, I graduated '05. That's really funny.

[26:33] **Speaker J:** Well, really, and we wound up being in the same space talking about, uh, the things that we love about and care about a lot, and that's New York. We love our home. I am fundamentally like an urbanist. I'm a conservative because I love my home and I want it to be the best place for posterity, a place that was as good to me, uh, as it, uh, you know, as it should be for posterity.

[26:57] **Speaker G:** City planners are generally some of the worst people on the planet, though. They are all awful because they are mostly rootless, childless beings, and they're like, oh, you know what will be great for a city? 10,000 buildings that are 800— that have 800 units, one bedroom, one bathroom. People are going to live there and have kids. It's like— and no parking. And they say the fact that you want a car is— how— why would you— I mean, saying you want a car in a city if they don't have children, or you're not elderly— people obviously need a car too, they go to a specialist— but saying you need a car if you have kids to these people is like sacrum— sacrilegious. Like, they're like, why would you? You should just take the kids on the subway, it's perfectly fine. As schizophrenics are screaming at you.

[27:40] **Speaker J:** Well, and they never acknowledge that there are large swaths of New York City where the subway never reached. Yeah, almost all of our subway system was built by the private sector. Once the government—

[27:52] **Speaker G:** I did not know that.

[27:54] **Speaker J:** Yeah, once the government took it over, uh, it built basically no new miles of rail lines.

[28:01] **Speaker G:** Well, the Second Avenue stops have been under construction for, I feel like, 25 years.

[28:07] **Speaker F:** And then I went to the—

[28:08] **Speaker G:** I went to a meeting over the new BXW, whatever the hell it's called. It's a train, for those who don't know. They build a train from Brooklyn to Queens in areas that nobody ever travels between. It is a completely useless subway line because they want to upzone all these nice areas that are still single-family homes and ruin neighborhoods. So that is what I mean. Yes, I do hate city planners most of the time.

[28:36] **Speaker F:** I want to—

[28:37] **Speaker G:** they do, and they don't live anywhere and they don't care to. They're not going to die here. They're not going to have generations live here. They're just not like it's different if you were born here.

[28:50] **Speaker F:** And I think that that's just a fundamental fact of it.

[28:53] **Speaker G:** Also, people, as much as they hate on New York constantly, which I get— I mean, I've been outside the city for a lot of my life, um—

[29:01] **Speaker F:** but when you—

[29:02] **Speaker G:** but the difference between an Upper East Sider, an Upper West Sider, somebody from Queens, and somebody from South Brooklyn, it might as well be 4 different states. They're universally different kinds of people.

[29:14] **Speaker F:** People don't understand the—

[29:15] **Speaker G:** just the bigness of New York. I wanted to have you on, not just— sorry, now we're 4 minutes and I'm just rambling. I wanted to have you on to talk about Mayor Mondani because the media is giving him his roses, but I feel like most of his agenda is just not getting done. Is that the case?

[29:38] **Speaker J:** Well, Mayor Mondani was elected on a wave of enthusiasm for big changes, and he hasn't really delivered those big changes during his first budget. So he's in 6 months, he's not going to get everything done, but you imagine by now you'd have a good general sense of where he's headed. Uh, if you look at his major campaign promises, many of them are in doubt and he has pivoted, uh, or scaled down some of those promises. So we'll know on the 25th whether he is successful in freezing the rent. That is not something that is under his direct control. It's under the control of the Rent Guidelines Board. Which is going to give their final vote on the 25th.

[30:16] **Speaker G:** Uh, do we know which way they're leaning?

[30:19] **Speaker J:** Well, uh, it's going to— right now it's between, uh, you know, zero at the low end, right, and a couple percentage points at the high end. But chances are that it's going to be between 0 and 1%. Now, if they agree to a 0% freeze then there's a really strong likelihood of a legal challenge because the Rent Guidelines Board has to consider issues like property taxes increases, property insurance increase, operating costs. And for the Rent Guidelines Board to see these going up by about 5.5% and then voting in a freeze, well, that is clearly to make real Mamdani's campaign promise in contravention of their— of the Rent Guidelines Board responsibility to consider multiple different costs and different factors.

[31:16] **Speaker F:** Well, and I just read—

[31:17] **Speaker G:** I read today that the amount of people paying rent is declining because they expect Mamdani is going to protect them from being thrown out. Like, it's at— I don't say it's a record low, but it's dropping pretty large.

[31:28] **Speaker J:** Rent collections are down after the pandemic. There was a big lull in collections that you know, bad habits too, right? People got into a rut of not paying rent. They've continued that. And our housing courts have been problems for many, many decades. They have, you know, been dysfunctional. It takes years for a landlord to evict a non-paying tenant. So that whole aspect has never really been addressed. And it's coming to the fore now, in particular because you have many distressed landlords. The 2019 changes to our rent stabilization law were draconian, and it means that we have a lot more insolvent buildings and soon-to-be-insolvent buildings, buildings that are deteriorating. Their conditions are getting materially far worse. And ultimately what's going to happen to many of those buildings is that they're going to go under and Mamdani's friends in the nonprofit sector are going to scoop them up and they will get subsidies from the city, no longer as rapacious landlords, but as virtuous nonprofits. And of course, you transfer ownership to a nonprofit, the building still has to pencil, it still has to function. And city money's going to have to make up the difference.

[32:47] **Speaker G:** A third of the people who work in New York City either work for the city or for a nonprofit that gets money from the city.

[32:54] **Speaker F:** I looked that up literally like a few days ago, because I was like, I was in Brooklyn and I was like, exactly how many people work for nonprofits?

[33:01] **Speaker G:** Because every other person was working for a nonprofit to do basically nothing. I was kind of blown away. I want to just pick up what John was saying about how bad the housing court is. There was a story from a couple years ago, and I think this should be actually a movie. I don't know if you remember it, but this man claimed that he owned a hotel room in one of the famous legendary old New York hotels, and because he I don't know, said like there was like a rule if you paid 2 nights you get a 3rd night free or whatever. And he said, well, I own it or whatever. And the housing court ruled in his favor. Not that he owned the hotel room, but he owned the whole building. Do you remember? Did you ever hear?

[33:38] **Speaker J:** I don't know the specifics.

[33:39] **Speaker G:** I will email it to you. It is, it was fascinating.

[33:41] **Speaker F:** The Moonies were involved.

[33:43] **Speaker G:** It was wild.

[33:44] **Speaker F:** So aside from rent freezes, the free buses seems like it's not happening.

[33:48] **Speaker G:** Even the city that did it first is now getting rid of free buses.

[33:53] **Speaker J:** Whatever happened to free buses? I mean, Mamdani basically went silent about it. I mean, he's not even pressing for it. Now, there are a couple of reasons for that. One, he has to make up the money that the buses are not going to produce, right? So that, you know, call it a billion dollars, right? He has to make that up somewhere. He didn't really put forward a proposal for where that money would come from. The other issue with buses is that the bus revenues are guaranteed to the MTA's bondholders as a security. So even if he came up with the revenues, the bondholders would have to agree to the substitution of bus fare revenue for whatever Mamdani proposes. It's not going to happen. The bus bondholders don't really want to have that substitution. So that's a big legal impediment.

[34:48] **Speaker G:** What's the relationship like between Kathy Hochul and Donnie? Because she needs him because he's so popular, especially among Democrats, and at the same time she knows that his agenda is nonsense and that it can't pass and it would bankrupt the city.

[35:01] **Speaker F:** She knows it because she is the one constantly saying no to him.

[35:05] **Speaker J:** She also is the adult in the room and the one who holds the cards. The governor is much more powerful than the mayor. Mamdani showed his hand during this first budget. He showed that he wants to tax the rich for its own sake, not necessarily to pay for new programs, but as a punitive measure against success. He also showed that he's going to keep coming back to that message of taxing the rich time and again. Uh, the governor gave him one tax increase on luxury second homes in New York City, but you could be sure that next year comes around and he's going to want billions of dollars in corporate tax increases and in personal income tax increases for his agenda. All the sound and fury that Mondani put forth this year for the budget was on simply funding the current budget and its anticipated growth. It was not to achieve his campaign agenda.

[36:10] **Speaker G:** What is this whole thing of him wanting to hire thousands of new teachers? Um, it can't be 100,000. It was a high number though of new teachers. The population of students in New York City is collapsing. Yeah.

[36:24] **Speaker J:** So because the enrollment decline has been so steep Since 2019, 2020, lost roughly 150,000 students in the New York City Department of Education system. Now, normally when you lose students, you lose the need for teachers, but the teachers union cannot have that, right? So they conspired and successfully got a law passed in Albany to require smaller class sizes in New York City. And the cost of that, to add new teachers, to add new classrooms, is roughly $1.6 billion a year. Now, Mamdani was a big proponent of that class size mandate, but reality has a way of asserting itself when you are in power and when you need to make real governing decisions. So he begrudgingly got the state legislature to hold off on the class size mandate implementation for a while to give him some breathing room. But teachers that have classes above the cap size are going to get a bonus. So they had to cut the UFT in somewhere.

[37:41] **Speaker F:** I mean, it is wild how—

[37:43] **Speaker G:** and I have a lot of friends who are teachers, but that union is beyond corrupt. And it is, it is probably one of the most corrupt in the city. And that says a lot, considering we had sanitation and the prison guard union running around for a long time doing whatever they wanted to do. Okay, so let's go to like the last subject that people really care about, especially New Yorkers, which is crime.

[38:03] **Speaker B:** I—

[38:03] **Speaker G:** he also, he is touting that he has balanced the budget, which is not true. He just kicked the deadline later on. He's claiming that he filled all these potholes. I don't— I drive in New York every day, um, that I'm here. I don't take the subway, I don't take a bus. The streets are in horrendous shape. They are in absolutely astoundingly bad shape. Your tires will blow out on certain blocks. And then he's claiming that New York is safer now than it ever has been, but subway crime is not going down.

[38:37] **Speaker J:** Crime is a very mixed picture. Shootings and homicides are down. They're down to historically low levels, and that's because Mamdani is quite a shrewd operator. He knows where he can press on the left and where he can't. He cannot afford to let crime and disorder run rampant because that will derail his governing agenda. It will take the focus away from the affordability issues, uh, and, and towards an area where he really is— has no control. So he's allowing Police Commissioner Jessica Tish to have a relatively free hand.

[39:12] **Speaker G:** They hate her. The far left absolutely hates her.

[39:15] **Speaker J:** Absolutely. And yet, and yet, Mamdani has retained her because he knows he needs her in order to keep his agenda on the rails. Now, that means that Tish is going to call the shots to a large extent within the department. The, for example, the Strategic Response Group, the special forces group that controls disorder and riots and disorderly conduct. For example, there were police in riot gear after the Knicks Finals championship victory. The left pushed back against that with Mondani. They didn't like to see the police, and he stood up for Tish and said that the NYPD acted appropriately. So he knows where he needs to push back against his own base and basically govern as a moderate. That's primarily on crime. It is worth noting though that many other serious felony crimes are up dramatically since 2019. Felony assaults are up, I believe, over 40% since 2019. Those are serious injuries, um, and they haven't gotten enough attention. So it's a mixed picture with crime, and we do— are certainly not as safe in the subways and on the many streets as we were, uh, in 2019.

[40:33] **Speaker G:** It's going to be— and I know that we're— that he is hoping to— it's funny, he has not met most DSA promises, but he is trying to grow the DSA's influence in New York City to make it the— to make— I mean, New York was always an establishment Democrat state. It wasn't even a specially liberal state until the mid-2010s. I mean, it really was very, very establishment Democrat. Kirsten Gillibrand is not especially liberal. I mean, she became that way enough, not when she was first elected. Chuck Schumer also— there's a reason the left hates him. Uh, and it, it's very interesting, I think, when, uh, to see kind of the limits of his power. He's a lot riding on the special, on the primary elections coming up.

[41:15] **Speaker J:** Absolutely. The turning point to my mind, the decisive point was in 2018 when the Independent Democratic, uh, committee that in the Senate was holding the power against the far left, that disbanded. Then you had Democrats take over. The state Senate. And the year after, during the budget in Albany, you had the introduction of many bad laws. And, you know, you had bail reform, you had discovery reform, and you had the HSTPA, which is the change to the rent stabilization system in New York City in particular.

[41:55] **Speaker G:** I worked in the state Senate. The one-year Democrats had the majority out of 100 back in 20— 2008, 2009, um, I worked for Tom Libous, so may he rest in peace. Uh, I know how bad— like, giving the Democrats in New York an inch of breathing room was always a disaster waiting to happen. Um, okay, John, where do people go to read more of your stuff? You got a lot of interesting things about the city and about New York in general.

[42:19] **Speaker J:** You can check out my Fellow page at Manhattan.institute. Uh, I write frequently for the New York Post and for City Journal, and, uh, I'm constantly keeping an eye on what's going on in New York City. So anything related to New York is in my wheelhouse.

[42:33] **Speaker G:** Yeah. John, thanks for coming on this podcast.

[42:35] **Speaker J:** I appreciate it. Thank you, Ryan.

[42:37] **Speaker B:** This is Tony Ayo from The Real Report with Tony Ayo and Uncle Murda. You ever notice how everything keeps going up? Rent's going up, streaming services are going up. Even your favorite burrito spot suddenly thinks salsa should cost extra. But with Boost Mobile, you and your phone bill don't have to play the will this go up soon game because Boost Mobile has an unlimited talk, text, and data plan at a price that'll never go up. It's the same price You'll pay for life, meaning you're set to never worry about your bill increasing again for as long as you're on the plan. While the world keeps finding new ways to nickel and dime you, Boost Mobile gives you unlimited wireless at one set price for life. Imagine something in your budget actually staying the same. You'll pay the same for unlimited wireless when you're posting mirror selfies in your 20s and when you're posting mirror selfies in retirement. Some things never change. Switch now for unlimited wireless at a price that'll never go up. Only at Boost Mobile. After 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited plan.

[43:38] **Speaker C:** This is Jacob Goldstein from What's Your Problem? Business software is expensive, and when you buy software from lots of different companies, it's not only expensive, it gets confusing, slow to use, hard to integrate. Odoo solves because all Odoo software is connected on a single affordable platform. Save money without missing out on the features you need. Odoo has no hidden costs and no limit on features or data. Odoo has over 60 apps available for any needs your business might have, all at no additional charge. Everything from websites to sales to inventory to accounting, all linked and talking to each other. Check out Odoo at odoo.com. That's O-D-O-O dot com.

[44:22] **Speaker A:** Most dog food brands don't really want you seeing how their food is made. Just Food for Dogs is the opposite. They actually invite you in. You can walk into any of their kitchens and see real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas being prepared right in front of you. It's real food made in real kitchens. Nothing is hidden behind labels, and that kind of transparency says a lot. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to justfoodfordogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[44:54] **Speaker D:** Real value shows up in reliability you don't have to second-guess, like a set of Firestone All-Season tires. They're designed to deliver confidence-inspiring wet weather traction and a quieter ride, no matter the road, season after season. Firestone All-Season Firestone tires. For durability you can count on, just like people count on you. Firestone. Always dependable since 1900.

[45:23] **Speaker I:** Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford, and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like, I never liked being told, "Oh wow, you look so good for your age." Like, why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say, you look great at any age, every age. That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful Beauty. Beautiful skin at every age. Learn more at meaningfulbeauty.com.

[45:58] **Speaker F:** Now it's time for the Ask Me Anything segment. If you want to be part of the Ask Me Anything segment, email me, Ryan@numbersgamepodcast.com. That's Ryan at numbers, plural, numbersgamepodcast.com. First question comes from Mike. He said, I listened to your recent podcast that talked about the LA mayor's race and agree with you on your statement that we have solid evidence before claiming election fraud. You gave some interesting data points to explain how Pratt did not make the top 2. What I didn't hear from you is to address how many votes came in after Election Day that had Raman beating Bass in significant fashion compared to Election Day numbers. That's a great point. You said, in fact, it's true. What explained the difference in the result of Democrat votes before versus after Election Day. Steve Hilton was on Clay and Buck Show and described that the ballots are counted without postmark. His contention was that people were filling the ballots after the election day, and since no requirement for an election day postmark, Raman could have received the votes that were no longer needed, Bass, to be in the top 2. Technically yes. Technically yes. There's no evidence for that though, right? So technically yes. Also, she would— maybe there are a bunch of DSA people who did that for her. But I don't have any evidence. That's the problem.

[47:12] **Speaker G:** And who—

[47:13] **Speaker F:** they would also have to know who voted so there's no duplicate applicants, because even when you mail the ballot, you have to write kind of who it came from, you know, on the post or something. Something would have had to be there where they would have had to get that person's voter registration There can't just be 50,000 or 60,000 unmarked ballots in the sense of there's no, no one to, to affiliate with. Who, where'd you get those ballots from? Oh, Mrs. Smith. Oh, Mrs. Smith already voted. You know, they had to have already been postmarked to somebody, so they would have to know those people had not already voted. That's the problem. And duplicate votes would have been tabulated. That's why I have a problem with Steve Hilton's observation, um, because they couldn't ask the county for more ballots after Election Day. They would already have them, or they can mail them, or they would have to collect them, right? It's—

[48:14] **Speaker G:** that's a—

[48:14] **Speaker F:** that's, that's the difficult part. And we're not talking 10 ballots, it's 70,000. That's in Bridgeport, Connecticut, where they were literally doing that. Um, it wasn't 70,000 ballots.

[48:26] **Speaker G:** It's—

[48:26] **Speaker F:** that's a lot of ballots to do.

[48:28] **Speaker G:** But I do agree with Steve Hilton, the real problem in California is the way they elections.

[48:32] **Speaker F:** It's third world, it's terrible. And I keep saying, if you're going to put any effort in California, you got to get the voter ID law passed and the constitutional amendment. It's coming up for a vote this November. It will be on the vote, uh, be honest, the constitutional amendment. Put all your effort in passing that. I think it's super, super important. Um, here's the other thing that's very difficult when it comes to votes already been cast. Judges do not like to disenfranchise voters. It's very difficult for a judge to disenfranchise a voter after a ballot's been counted. So it's very hard to say those votes would be taken off the record. It's just, it's just where it is. If you want to be forward-thinking in California, you want to look to the future, how to fix the system, make sure you vote this November, not just for Steve Hilton, but make sure you vote for the constitutional amendment in California requiring voter ID.

[49:27] **Speaker G:** That will do something.

[49:28] **Speaker F:** Next question comes from Jim. Jim writes, love the show, really, but How many instances were there of hundreds or thousands of ballots registered to empty lots or apartment complexes where people no longer live? This is in LA, obviously.

[49:41] **Speaker G:** Dead people ballots—

[49:42] **Speaker F:** who's turning those in? Illegal immigrants.

[49:44] **Speaker G:** Ditto.

[49:45] **Speaker F:** Even your mention the number of Skid Row votes missing is the point. The woman one caught— how many not caught— caught registering addicts was having them register to her house or to an address they don't live in. Give me one valid non-Chinny explanation for this. And all the mail-in ballots, statistically impossible they fell for what they did. Impossible. Literally no reasonable explanation for it. You're a numbers guy, so I'm shocked you didn't lock in on that issue. Look, here's the thing, Jim, and with all due respect, I'm not meaning to be aggressive about this. It is not actually illegal to register a homeless person to vote. First of all, it's actually not. Secondly, it's also not illegal to register a crazy person to vote.

[50:32] **Speaker G:** But secondly, where is there any evidence of a dead person voting in this election?

[50:38] **Speaker F:** Find it for me. The death records are available. That is the easiest— I will tell you the story.

[50:43] **Speaker G:** I've never told this publicly.

[50:45] **Speaker F:** In 2020, there was a group of conservative activists, and they wrote me into this to look through the records of dead people and to— people had voted whose who were over like 95 years old or 90 years old or something like that to see if any of them had died. And we went through— this is after Trump's election in 2020— we went through so many records and we could not find a dead person. Now, maybe we're looking in the wrong state, they were looking the wrong place, but we did look. I did not find anybody. Thought I came close. But I, I actually never found anybody. Now, once again, maybe I didn't look long enough and hard enough, but that was the whole country. We were looking through all the swing states. This is one city. Find me one person. Show me the beef, as the commercial said back in the '80s. We have one video of James O'Keefe saying some lady offered her a cigarette for a vote, or $2, or whatever it was.

[51:49] **Speaker G:** Okay.

[51:50] **Speaker F:** Get me somebody who has moved out of LA. Who can— who will sign a sworn affidavit saying I did not vote and their vote was cast. It's— the DOJ would love to prosecute these people. There is— Trump's DOJ would love to put these people behind jail. The DSA people in LA, the local government of LA, all the Democratic officials, they would love to put them in prison. Show me the vote. Show me one. Give me one. Give me one. Give me one hard example. Mary Todd Smith died 2022, voted in 2026. Okay, great. Here's the record. But until you can show me that, I'm not going to hyperventilate. I'm not going to, uh, jump up and down. Because when you say the election is stolen and then you can't prove it, you disenfranchise our side from voting. And you continue to allow theirs to mobilize. Let's talk about how to fix the election system. Let's talk about how to get voter ID on the ballot. Let's talk about answers and solutions to the worst voting system in our country, which is California. It is not even close. New York is nothing like California.

[53:11] **Speaker C:** No places—

[53:12] **Speaker F:** Arizona is very, very close second.

[53:14] **Speaker G:** They're terrible.

[53:15] **Speaker F:** But California is by far the worst. So let's talk about options, whether they be federally with lawsuits. Let's talk about options with state ballot amendments to change that system. Let's not talk about that you saw something on the internet that you can't prove with no, or, or statistical odds without concrete evidence. I have a very hard time. I'm a very rational person. You gotta show me the evidence. I don't jump into ghost stories because they're a ghost story. Sorry, Jim, all due respect, love you for listening to the podcast, but that's the one thing that gets me crazy. I know statistical improbabilities. I get it. I understand. I also know voters are very, very, very, very lazy. Very, very, very lazy. So when I see 170,000 Trump voters sit on their hands when a ballot is actually mailed to their house, and they can't bother to return it. That angers me more than anything. Next question comes from Alexander. Alexander writes, not sure if you agree, but I feel like Lisa Murkowski is by far the worst Republican in the Senate. Murkowski should have lost to Kelly Tshibishka—

[54:28] **Speaker G:** and I forgot her last name, but I remember the race—

[54:30] **Speaker F:** in 2022 had not been for ranked choice voting, something that James O'Keefe reported was adopted just so Murkowski wouldn't lose the primary. That is actually true. It was done for Murkowski.

[54:40] **Speaker G:** I wouldn't say just so she won the primary, but it was done for Murkowski.

[54:44] **Speaker F:** Alaska has a vote this November to get rid of ranked choice voting. Do you think it will pass? What is your opinion on the system in general?

[54:50] **Speaker G:** I hate ranked choice voting.

[54:52] **Speaker F:** I think it's stupid. You get one choice. In a place like California, 88,000 people run for governor, so I gotta know— oh, you know, in New York it was like, you know, Prince, Todd, William, you Shuon Head was running. Like, who are all these people? Like, who are these people? I gotta rank them, make sure, you know, got maybe this per— maybe this communist is not as bad as that communist, so I gotta rank them differently. No, absolutely not. You get one vote. You get one vote. That is it. That is absolutely it. If you want to make sure right-wing extreme or left-wing extreme doesn't get elected, open the primary to independents. I like people to have a party, but open them to independents. And you could— and you can change that entire system to make sure that extremists don't get elected, which is a problem we're seeing in some places with closed primaries. Or you do other things. But I hate ranked choice voting, truly hate it. I've looked at the polls. There is no polling right now in Alaska. Alaska is a very funny state, large Native American population. I don't know if Murkowski is campaigning for ranked choice voting. She's getting up there in age, she's almost 70, so I don't know if she's, she's working hard for it. But, um, I hate it. And you also— thank you, love this show. I'm not saying this because I'm a fellow Italian Catholic from Long Island. I love my Catholics from Long Island, I love you all, but you know, people— my people are different. Next person writes to me, and I, of course, I forgot your name, sorry about that. Uh, someone writes to me, but I'm reading your question. You said, instead of a primary season, what about a national primary day sometime in June or July followed by a national primary runoff in July or August, and then obviously the election in November. I think we treat all states equally and increase turnout due to increased media attention, which would make it easier to get rid of problematic incumbents. What do you think? It would actually make it more difficult because the media would not be able to cover individual races that announce and run. So you'd have to focus— I mean, the fact is, is that Arizona is such a late primary, so people sometimes don't focus on Arizona way until the early part of the summer, while another state that votes much earlier gets, gets the, gets the media attention much earlier. Uh, I, I— that's the problem with that. And it also makes it much harder for startup candidates to fundraise when you don't have— when you're running against everybody all at the same time, you know. And we have a federalist system, so the states decide. Okay, last question for the day comes from Dan. And I apologize for my voice, it I sound like I am the lady who's at Atlantic City smoking all day and just, you know, playing the slots. She's like, come on, cherries.

[57:38] **Speaker D:** All right.

[57:38] **Speaker F:** Last question comes from Daniel. You write, hey, Ryan, would you ever consider running for elected office? Keep up the great work. Daniel, thank you. I hope you're saying because I would love to vote for you. And I'm saying that because you're saying I would leave the country if you ever won. I would run if, if the conditions were correct. I would run and I was living in a small to medium-sized town, I would run for like small town mayor. I'm very managerial like that. And the things I really care about, although I dig into the numbers a lot about national trends and stuff, I do a lot of national elections. I really care about schools. I care about roads. I hate potholes. I hate that there's city planners plan, you know, they overdevelop places with not no adequate parking or green space. Um, I hate that they— modern architecture in general, brutalist architecture, I really hate it beyond belief. Um, but I hate that historically beautiful areas are not preserved correctly and that, um, you know, the quality is not maintained. I hate most public art. We could just go through a list of things that I hate actually right now. Um, I hate people who bring sick kids to parties that I get the cold from. But no, I hate— like, I, I was in— where was I? I was in Oklahoma City, a beautiful city. Oklahoma City a great city. Oklahoma is a fun state, but Oklahoma City was a great city. Republican mayor, some of the worst public art I have ever seen in my entire life. It made me depressed. I wanted to go to therapy afterwards. It was awful. And I was like, why isn't there a statue of a great pioneer or a great person of Western civilization, or George Washington, anybody? I'll take anybody at this point. It was like, you know, it was gross. It was terrible. I forget what it was. It was all— it was all awful. Everything was garbage. So I care about a lot of that. I like sidewalks and I like green spaces and I like to make sure that things are preserved and things are well maintained. And I like to make sure police show up on time and schools run efficiently. Things like that motivate me as an actual person. I can't be in Congress because that would make me want to, you know, run up a building. But, um, you know, just do press releases all day. I have no energy for that. But doing something where I can actually make a difference and manage something, I would totally do that if the conditions were correct. The conditions aren't correct right now. I'm currently moving and in the sense where I'm looking at 17 different cities on Zillow every night and saying, oh, I like that house. It's not— it's not an aggressive move right now, but I'm in the process of moving from Louisiana to somewhere. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm going somewhere. Hopefully I'll find out one day. All right, guys, that's this episode.

[60:26] **Speaker G:** Happy Friday.

[60:27] **Speaker F:** Hope you have a great weekend. If you like this podcast, please like and subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, wherever you get this podcast, and I will talk to you guys later. Also subscribe on YouTube. Have a great weekend.

[60:40] **Speaker C:** This is Jacob Goldstein from What's Your Problem. Business software is expensive. And when you buy software from lots of different companies, it's not only expensive, it gets confusing, slow to use, hard to integrate. Odoo solves that because all Odoo software is connected on a single affordable platform. Save money without missing out on the features you need. Odoo has no hidden costs and no limit on features or data. Odoo has over 60 apps available for any needs your business might have, all at no additional charge. Everything from websites to sales to inventory to accounting, all linked and talking to each other. Check out Odoo at odoo.com. That's odoo.com.

[61:24] **Speaker A:** Think about it. When it comes to your own food, you can walk into a restaurant, see what's being made, and know exactly what you're getting. But with dog food, most brands keep that completely hidden. Just Food for Dogs does the opposite.

[61:37] **Speaker B:** Get it.

[61:38] **Speaker A:** They've built their entire brand around open kitchens. You can actually walk in and watch them prepare your dog's meals with real human-grade ingredients like chicken, beef, carrots, and peas, cooked right there in front of you. No mystery, no behind the scenes you're not allowed to see. That kind of transparency is rare in the pet food world, and it's a big reason they've become the number one vet-recommended fresh dog food, earning trust from pet parents who want to feel confident in what they're feeding. When a brand is willing to show you exactly how your dog's food is made, it says a lot about the care, quality, and standards behind every meal they produce. Nothing to hide, everything to love. Go to justfoodfordogs.com and get 50% off your first order.

[62:25] **Speaker D:** Your vehicle doesn't just get you from here to there. It's a bridge to the people and places that matter most. It's how you show up for your family, your community, and everyone else that depends on you. That's why for 125 years Firestone has been building tires with one thing in mind: to deliver products that are as reliable as you are. Firestone. Always Dependable. Since 1900.

[62:54] **Speaker E:** You ever get the feeling the city walls closing in? The concrete jungle suffocating your soul? You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, Maybe chase some elk, fish a private stream. Well, listen up, there's a whole world out there and finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to LAND.com. They've got ranches, forests, mountains, you name it. Search by acreage, location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of. LAND.com, it's where the adventure begins.

[63:27] **Speaker I:** You know what quality feels like. You can see it in the way a fabric moves, recognize it in a flawless fit, and appreciate it in the details that make make our styles unique. It's the standard Coldwater Creek has honored for over 40 years, derived from a rich Mountain West heritage and designed for today in styles that are distinctively Coldwater Creek. For a wardrobe you can count on season after season, visit coldwatercreek.com. Shop new arrivals and save 15% on purchases $75 or more with code I heart.
