# Los Angeles Filmmaker Voter Guide | The Cory Baker Show

**Show:** The Cory Baker Show
**Date Published:** 2026-05-21
**Date Found:** 2026-05-21
**URL:** https://podcasters.spotify.com/pod/show/corybakerfilm/episodes/Los-Angeles-Filmmaker-Voter-Guide--The-Cory-Baker-Show-e3jm3lp?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 27 minutes

## Summary

This 27-minute episode of The Cory Baker Show mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Cory Baker Show

## Key Moment

> "Hello everybody and welcome to The Cory Baker Show. I'm Cory, and today I get to combine two things I have a lot of experience in to hopefully inform y'all heading into primary day here in California. That's the film industry and electoral politics. And today I'm going to discuss the Los Angeles mayor's race and the California governor's race. However, I am limiting my scope to just issues related to the film industry. There are a lot of issues that face Los Angeles and California as a whole, but From my perspective, this is the last chance to save the film industry here, and in my mind, I have to be a bit of a one-issue voter in this regard. Mostly because if the industry doesn't get the redefibrillator soon, it will be done and over with. We might honestly be past the point of no return, but I still see a small glimmer of hope remaining, and with that, we must look forward and hope for the best. Uh, just a small bit of background to establish my bona fides. I was a political science major at Hofstra, and when I was a student there, my dream was to one day run for mayor of Baltimore, my hometown. In the years after my time at Hofstra, it became clear that that dream was not going to happen for a multiple multitude of reasons, and I pivoted my interest over time into film, which I was always something I had interest in. In my mind, uh, Being in New York would give me an opportunity to dip a toe into film, seeing as that at that time New York was a distant but formidable number 2 to Los Angeles in terms of film markets in the United States. It was when I returned home to Maryland that I started my backyard indie era before going to New York Film Academy in Los Angeles for film school. 13 years later, and almost 10 full time in Los Angeles, I had built myself a nice little career in film. Going into 2020, I had my most successful year and was ready to start really pushing things forward when COVID happened. COVID was rough for nearly all industries, but I still managed to work consistently once things opened up. It was really the dual writers and actors strike that marked the moment where the industry really changed and has never truly recovered. While the past 3 years have been less busy, It was really this year that has been the low watermark, and it was an extremely tough on me and many other people I know in the industry. All that being said, let's start locally with the Los Angeles mayor's race. So here is the lay of the land on the Los Angeles mayor's race according to the latest polling from Emerson College Inside California Politics. Current mayor Karen Bass is at 30%. Spencer Pratt is trailing at 22%. Councilmember Nithya Raman is at 19%. Adam Miller is at 7%, and Reverend Ray Wong is at 4%. 16% undecided and a margin of error at 3%. In my mind, I'm willing to stretch the margin of error to 5 for two reasons. First is that it's a local race and that tends to have more elasticity over a statewide or national race. And secondly, because polls are largely a moment in time, and that I think we take the margin of error as like a ceiling and floor and not as a flexible band of support. I mean, in my entire life, I have only been reached out to for one poll, and that was for Maryland when I was already living in California. Needless to say, if you plus 5 or minus 5 from all the candidates, it becomes clear that the clear contenders are Bass, Pratt, and Raman. Also a reminder that California is a jungle primary where all parties run in one primary together and the top two move to the general unless somebody exceeds 50%. For both these races, I don't see a way we get that 50% with any candidate. So all of the— all of these could end up with two Democrats or two Republicans or one of each in the general. That being said, let's run through the top 5, but devote the most attention to the top 3. Karen Bass has been the mayor the entire the time the industry has been collapsing, uh, since she took office in 2022. She initially proposed small changes that have shown little effect. Uh, last month she announced a bunch of additional small changes, but nothing that is proposed would likely make filming suddenly jump. Uh, she has not been in front of any of the proposed changes that have been made by groups like Stay in LA and has not shown the ability to move fast or stand up for what's right. Uh, I really think that we're going to, uh, probably end up with a Bass versus Pratt matchup, and, uh, that is really upsetting because they are clearly the two worst candidates, uh, who are in the election. But Bass in particular is just— the thing you need to know from a political standpoint is that she is part of this, like, let's make these slow incremental changes and see what happens and wait it out. And honestly, we're, we're past that point. Uh, and she really needs to have her feet to the flame a little bit because she is not moving fast enough. Uh, on to Spencer Pratt. He has proposed the most aggressive plan, essentially eliminating permitting fees for projects under $2 million and removing roadblocks for filming. Uh, he wrote a Substack, which I'll link to in the show notes, that does a good job of accurately describing what productions are going through, but points the blame and grievance against Bass and Newsom. Uh, LA is a weak mayor city, and the mayor is below the city council and below the county board of supervisors in terms of power. So much of what he proposes will get neutralized by those Democrats in those bodies. The only hope is to use the bully pulpit and get the public to push the council to move, but that would take broad support that he currently doesn't have. Lots of reports have also said that he has signed a deal with a production company to make a reality show out of him running for and hypothetically being mayor of LA. So I guess he's interested in getting that kind of production made, but I don't imagine that would really help anybody on the ground because yikes. Nithya Raman, she's a council member for like Silver Lake, Hollywood Hill, Studio City, like that sort sort of— there's like a little swath of this, uh, Southern San Fernando Valley that's part of her too. Uh, she joined the race at like the last possible minute to give an alternative to Karen Bass. Uh, she's a progressive. Uh, she's sort of been anointed in terms of this race as the Zoramandami for LA. But New York mayor and LA mayor are like two completely different jobs. The New York mayor has like a lot more say over what goes on Her husband works in the film industry, so she is aware of what is going on from, you know, at least the perspective of like somebody who's married to somebody in film. But that has also left her recusing herself from film-related votes in the past, and she's been heavily criticized for taking, talking about film in her platform, but does not have any legislative work to show for that despite being on the council for the last 5 years. Adam Miller, uh, this will be quick. Uh, he has proposed treating the film industry like business meeting and working directly with studios and bringing the industry back that way. He has not elaborated on any of these plans, just sort of generally speaking he wanted to talk to the studios. He is the only person polling above 3% that doesn't seem to take this issue seriously at all, so I don't think we should take him too seriously either. Reverend Ray Wong was the first candidate I saw even address the issue in a serious way. On the day that people backing Stay in LA were lining up to get into City Hall, and fight for permit reform. Ray Wong became the first candidate to take the platform and use it for her policy proposals. Uh, she's been against the rise of AI and creative endeavors, but not a lot of firm plans that she could do from the mayor's office. And like I was getting at before with Bass, uh, here, here's the big problem. Bass is in the lead with Pratt behind her. Uh, Bass has been working behind the scenes to raise the profile of Spencer Pratt because she thinks it would be easier to beat Pratt. And I mean, according to Pollin, Rahman would beat Bass and Pratt both head-to-head, but Bass would beat Pratt. Uh, so much like Adam Schiff spent money propping up, uh, Steve Garvey, the Republican in the Senate race, uh, the last time around so he wouldn't have to face Katie Porter head-to-head, Bass is doing the same thing here. I like Rae Wong, but she has not caught on enough to give her the vote. Adam Miller is completely irrelevant to our conversation. Uh, Raman is the best choice in my mind of the candidates who can move on. But what worries me is that if Pratt eclipses her and takes the second spot, we have to choose between true— truly awful options. And I have to reserve my judgment if it is Bass versus Pratt. But I can't see a path out of this situation if Bass remains mayor. Just to be clear though, I don't see myself voting for Spencer Pratt, but I imagine that if she cooks up enough support for Pratt where he becomes the second choice over Nithya Raman, that I am going to have to act like I am going to vote for Pratt. Like, I'm gonna have to get in her face like, "You fix things right this very second or else I will vote for Spencer Pratt." as calling her bluff, because right now she is propping him up because he's a joke and everyone knows that he would get slaughtered. But if enough people would actually consider voting for him, enough so that she has to change her policy positions in order to win, then maybe that's the best case. But if If it's Bass and Pratt when the primary is done and, you know, she leads him by 60 points, uh, in terms of like, you know, the mayor's race, like it's over at that point, uh, honestly. But, you know, she feels like, uh, there's actually a chance that Spencer Pratt will win, that perhaps she will actually make changes that will move the ball a little bit. The next ballot item, uh, California governor. And all I have to say is Oh boy, what a terrible crop of candidates. What's interesting here is that most of the impact a governor would have on the state of the film industry is in championing it and pushing for results from the Assembly and Senate, as opposed to anything they would do themselves. But the industry needs two things, the first being permitting reform at the local level, and the second being expansion of the California Film Tax Credit. Uh, the tax credit was expanded under Newsom to $750 million, which is good, but it had a couple drawbacks that have kept it from being the runaway success they thought it would be. Uh, first is that it's not automatic like it is in a place like Georgia, which means projects in California need to apply and then wait to hear if they're picked, and then they get selected, which happens a couple times a year. This process is hell, and if money is the same, why not go to the place that makes it easier? The second issue is that it's a 40% credit on below-the-line expenses only, and other places like England have a credit that includes above the line. Uh, the line in this case separates the top people like the actors, directors, producers from the rest of the crew. Uh, but the actors are a huge chunk of the budget and that money adds up. Uh, the legislature in California doesn't want to look like they're subsidizing Leonardo DiCaprio, but the problem is other places will. Will. And they lost the film industry, and now that's the cost it's going to take to bring it back. Uh, the final problem is the $750 million, which did double the previous tax credit. But if the system becomes automatic and it covers above the line, the biggest budget shows would take all that money before smaller projects got the chance. So the 3 things we are looking for is uncapped credit, uh, above the line inclusion, and automatic acceptance. But again, the governor can't just sign something and make that happen. They would need to get the legislature to agree to it. And I'm not prepared to break down 120 Senate and Assembly seats, so let's just run through the candidates for governor. Uh, Javier Becerra is leading in the polls right now. If you love Gavin Newsom, this is your guy. He is a centrist Joe Biden hill dog Democrat, uh, does not appear to be charismatic or loved in the way that you would want in your top cheerleader. Uh, he's been mum on the tax credit, generally in support, but hasn't talked about expanding it in any way. But like I mentioned, he's just an extremely boring man who has a great resume, but no one is talking about like, oh man, he was the best HHS Secretary, or he was the best State's Attorney General. He's just a regular old Democrat. Uh, he is just in line with Karen Bass and, you know, like Joe Buttigieg. Like, if this is the type of Democrat you're looking for, then Javier Becerra is your guy. But, uh, we kind of had that with Newsom for the last almost decade, so I think it's about time that we switch it up a little bit. Second in polling right now is Steve Hilton, who is a Republican endorsed by Donald Trump. And was part of the Brexit movement in the UK. Uh, he's not American, so this is as high of an office as he would be able to have in the government. He had an event at the Cerrama Dome where he proposed a 5-point plan for Hollywood that includes an uncapped limit, above-the-line inclusion, rolling acceptance, and he has stated that he wants the industry back at full force by the Olympics. Like, he doesn't want the Olympics to come in 2028, and people talking about our dead industry. Next up, basically statistically tied with Steve Hilton, is Tom Steyer, who was recently endorsed by IATSE. Uh, he has pressed urgency and has been making many public statements about how he understands how dire the situation is. He's talked about expanding the tax credit, but hasn't put like a specific plan in place that I've seen. Uh, but I mean, generally speaking, he seems to be, uh, number one as far as like a more progressive candidate amongst the electorate here in California. Uh, Chad Bianco is the sheriff of Riverside County. Uh, he has no specific plan for saving Hollywood. Most of his platform just generally seems to be about like Oh, if we cut enough regulation and we let businesses do what they want to do, then everything will get better. Uh, I don't know if that is the plan here for the film industry too. Uh, we've kind of been doing that one for a while and now we have, uh, Warner Brothers and Paramount together. Um, I, I'll just say this coming from Maryland, uh, which is broken down by party affiliation in a very similar way to California. In 2000, Robert Ehrlich, a Republican, won governor in Maryland, and it was mostly because the Democrat who was the lieutenant governor just didn't campaign because they thought they had it in the bag. And then like in the last like 3 weeks, they were like, oh shit, nobody's— nobody's gonna vote for me, I should probably put my face out there. And And by then it was too late. Uh, Robert Ehrlich in that case was not like a right-wing firebrand. He was a very much more, uh, center-of-the-road Republican. But because the legislature in Maryland, much like the legislature in California, is 75% Democrats, uh, it would be— they basically just sat him out. Like, they just didn't let him do anything. And then just held on for 4 years. And I mean, that's kind of what would happen if either Steve Hilton or Chad Bianco actually won the governorship, which would effectively mean that the 2 of them got the 2 most votes. Because if any Democrat is running against either Hilton or Bianco, they will win just based off of like how things are going, uh, unless something completely unforeseen happens. And then even still, I imagine the Democrat would win. Um, it is a bad idea, I think, to vote for somebody who we know will just get like recall, uh, efforts immediately, and nobody in the legislature will listen to anything that they say and will not allow them to have any kind of a win. So, uh, I, I would imagine that if either Republican won, it would just be 4 years of dogfighting and nothing getting done, and that would be the worst-case scenario. So I— even though neither one of them seems to be the best option for the film industry, I just, in general, I think the Republicans in this race are bad for the future of film in California. Katie Porter, former congressperson from deep red Orange County. So even as a Democrat, she has a history of being liked by red areas of the state. Uh, still managed to be a progressive in the vein of Elizabeth Warren. Uh, she was endorsed by the Teamsters and has proposed like kind of a wait and see with the current tax credit before we change it again, uh, but would be open to expansion. She's, she's talked about wanting to be a good steward of the money, like she just doesn't want to like waste money, uh, which I can understand, but also at the same point, like You know, you had many years to fix your roof before it became a problem, and now there's a giant hole in it. It's going to cost more. I think that's just kind of how I'm looking at the film industry right now. You let it get this bad, and now the fix is so much more expensive than if we would have just done $750 million 5 years ago or something like that, or 10 years ago. She has been loudly pro-worker and stood against executives of all stripes with her whiteboard she was in the house, uh, and she is running without corporate donations or PAC money, which has been very tough because this is an exceedingly expensive race and it has definitely hurt her getting her message out there. Uh, next up on the list here is Matt Mahan. He is the mayor of San Jose. He was just elected to his second term in 2024, but before that he was elected as San Jose City Council, where he served only 2 years of the 4-year term before running for mayor. Uh, he's proposed expanding the cap and including above-the-line costs. Uh, but this run to me just seems to be about raising his profile over actually like winning. I think the fact that he's been polling better than other people is giving him some hope that maybe he could do this again in a couple years, and he's sort of like putting up a good fight without doing anything that will hurt his long-term chances. But I think— I imagine he just goes back to San Jose after this. Speaking of mayors, uh, former mayor of Los Angeles Antonio Villaraigosa is, uh, also running. He's behind Matt Ahan in the polls, and I will tell you right now, he doesn't have a shot because Los Angeles doesn't often produce governors. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Ronald Reagan came from outside of politics, but, you know, they were from LA. Like, as far as California goes, they were from LA. Gray Davis, who Arnold beat in the recall, was the last politician that I can think of from LA. I mean, Nixon was Orange County. Which is close but not Los Angeles. Uh, but, uh, you know, Villarigosa is saying all the things he needs to say. You know, he's for expanding the tax credit and including above the line, and he just doesn't— he doesn't have the juice. So I don't imagine it would be a good idea to spend your primary vote on him. And similarly, uh, Tony Thurmond is polling as highly as someone else. Uh, like literally on the, uh, who, who do you want to vote for in governor? Uh, somebody else is an option and Tony Thurmond is tied with somebody else. So I would recommend that you vote for somebody else. I leave you with one last thing, and I guess it's my free piece of advice for anyone who wants to run for office and understand what is going on. And I call the proposal eating the dog food. This concept has been around for a long time, the idea being you are the CEO of a dog food company and the best way to prove that the food is good for your dog is by eating it yourself. If it was a bad product filled with things you wouldn't want to eat, why are you giving it to your dog? So I propose, if you want to fix the worst parts of city government, and in this case the film industry, Have somebody in your office shadow someone trying to get a film permit and watch Film LA and just see what happens. Because, like, just imagine we have Tim is our new permitting liaison in the mayor's office, and when a new permit request comes in to Film LA, they get BCC'd randomly or selected if, you know, like, proves to be an interesting case. And select a few of these permit applications and ask the producer if you can follow along the progress in real time with them. That way there is a person outside of Film LA who can recognize what a nightmare this process can be and bring it to the attention of people who can hold Film LA to account. Because on a local level, Film LA either needs a dramatic shakeup or to be replaced altogether from the ground up. The horror stories I have heard from productions I have worked on show a bureaucracy that is so convoluted that. You are often waiting until the zero hour to see if your permits are approved, and often when you get the approval, it is hit with hundreds or thousands of dollars worth of costs that many productions are not able to swallow. Uh, I worked on a project once where Film LA made a mistake and didn't charge for a fire check, and 2 hours before we were wrapped for the week, uh, they called the producer and threatened to shut us down because We didn't pay the fee that they never told us about. So if Tim the film liaison was a fly on the wall for all that, I'm sure they would have run that up the chain of command at the hall. And just so it's clear, I'm sure if we talk to somebody from Film LA, they will have horror stories too about productions that lied to them in the past. And now that's why certain rules are in place. You know, they said Oh, there won't be any fire, and then like the whole scene is just people lighting things on fire. Uh, I'm sure it's a nightmare to have to figure out what rules you have to play by because with neighborhood associations and HOAs and cities, the rules can change literally from block to block. But they absolutely throw their weight around as well and act today, like at this very moment, like people have to film here and it's just not the case. In New York, you don't even need a permit if the shoot is low impact enough. Overall though, there needs to be an attitude shift that gets you to yes and quicker. Like right now, Film LA feels like whatever the question is, it's going to be no. It should feel more like you have someone in your corner trying to make it happen. Uh, also to be more upfront with what costs or restrictions could be. Uh, when I was trying to get a permit for a student film, you know, 13 years ago, I was looking for a park in a city. Like, I wanted to have a park space, but I wanted to have buildings like we were in the middle of a major metropolitan city. Uh, I called Film LA and asked what I needed, and they told me to just pick a park and then come down to the, to the office and fill out the paperwork. Uh, I picked a park and they said no. It's not available. I pivoted to a second choice and it was not available. Third, not available, etc., etc. I finally asked if they had like a list of parks I could use, like I could see and know which one to use, and they said no. And then I asked how they knew that all the parks I asked about were unavailable, and they told me that they had a list. The list they said I couldn't see. I left and made a list of 25 parks that could have worked and had to go back for round after round of nos. That was 13 years ago, and that was when LA was still the place to shoot for almost everything. The tau of no still hangs heavy over Sunset next to the Palladium. One way or another, this is a big time for Los Angeles, California, and the future of our film industry. I hope this guide proved helpful. And helpful for you in making the best decision on your ballot. I'm not trying to make this channel political as best I can, but I hope you find this a just-the-facts guide for one of the most consequential moments in Los Angeles history and the film industry in LA in particular. Uh, remember, voting ends on June 2nd, and no matter who you vote for, please vote. Anyway, that is it for me today. Thank you so much for following along on this voter guide. Uh, it's something that I care a lot about, and I know a lot of people don't, so I thought I would give you sort of the quick and dirty about what's going on here. And yeah, just please get out there and vote. So people— so few people vote in primaries that, uh, your vote actually has an oversized impact in races like this. So Go out there, make your best decision. I'll see you guys here next week. Have a great day, everyone."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "Hello everybody and welcome to The Cory Baker Show. I'm Cory, and today I get to combine two things I have a lot of experience in to hopefully inform y'all heading into primary day here in California. That's the film industry and electoral politics. And today I'm going to discuss the Los Angeles mayor's race and the California governor's race. However, I am limiting my scope to just issues related to the film industry. There are a lot of issues that face Los Angeles and California as a whole, but From my perspective, this is the last chance to save the film industry here, and in my mind, I have to be a bit of a one-issue voter in this regard. Mostly because if the industry doesn't get the redefibrillator soon, it will be done and over with. We might honestly be past the point of no return, but I still see a small glimmer of hope remaining, and with that, we must look forward and hope for the best. Uh, just a small bit of background to establish my bona fides. I was a political science major at Hofstra, and when I was a student there, my dream was to one day run for mayor of Baltimore, my hometown. In the years after my time at Hofstra, it became clear that that dream was not going to happen for a multiple multitude of reasons, and I pivoted my interest over time into film, which I was always something I had interest in. In my mind, uh, Being in New York would give me an opportunity to dip a toe into film, seeing as that at that time New York was a distant but formidable number 2 to Los Angeles in terms of film markets in the United States. It was when I returned home to Maryland that I started my backyard indie era before going to New York Film Academy in Los Angeles for film school. 13 years later, and almost 10 full time in Los Angeles, I had built myself a nice little career in film. Going into 2020, I had my most successful year and was ready to start really pushing things forward when COVID happened. COVID was rough for nearly all industries, but I still managed to work consistently once things opened up. It was really the dual writers and actors strike that marked the moment where the industry really changed and has never truly recovered. While the past 3 years have been less busy, It was really this year that has been the low watermark, and it was an extremely tough on me and many other people I know in the industry. All that being said, let's start locally with the Los Angeles mayor's race. So here is the lay of the land on the Los Angeles mayor's race according to the latest polling from Emerson College Inside California Politics. Current mayor Karen Bass is at 30%. Spencer Pratt is trailing at 22%. Councilmember Nithya Raman is at 19%. Adam Miller is at 7%, and Reverend Ray Wong is at 4%. 16% undecided and a margin of error at 3%. In my mind, I'm willing to stretch the margin of error to 5 for two reasons. First is that it's a local race and that tends to have more elasticity over a statewide or national race. And secondly, because polls are largely a moment in time, and that I think we take the margin of error as like a ceiling and floor and not as a flexible band of support. I mean, in my entire life, I have only been reached out to for one poll, and that was for Maryland when I was already living in California. Needless to say, if you plus 5 or minus 5 from all the candidates, it becomes clear that the clear contenders are Bass, Pratt, and Raman. Also a reminder that California is a jungle primary where all parties run in one primary together and the top two move to the general unless somebody exceeds 50%. For both these races, I don't see a way we get that 50% with any candidate. So all of the— all of these could end up with two Democrats or two Republicans or one of each in the general. That being said, let's run through the top 5, but devote the most attention to the top 3. Karen Bass has been the mayor the entire the time the industry has been collapsing, uh, since she took office in 2022. She initially proposed small changes that have shown little effect. Uh, last month she announced a bunch of additional small changes, but nothing that is proposed would likely make filming suddenly jump. Uh, she has not been in front of any of the proposed changes that have been made by groups like Stay in LA and has not shown the ability to move fast or stand up for what's right. Uh, I really think that we're going to, uh, probably end up with a Bass versus Pratt matchup, and, uh, that is really upsetting because they are clearly the two worst candidates, uh, who are in the election. But Bass in particular is just— the thing you need to know from a political standpoint is that she is part of this, like, let's make these slow incremental changes and see what happens and wait it out. And honestly, we're, we're past that point. Uh, and she really needs to have her feet to the flame a little bit because she is not moving fast enough. Uh, on to Spencer Pratt. He has proposed the most aggressive plan, essentially eliminating permitting fees for projects under $2 million and removing roadblocks for filming. Uh, he wrote a Substack, which I'll link to in the show notes, that does a good job of accurately describing what productions are going through, but points the blame and grievance against Bass and Newsom. Uh, LA is a weak mayor city, and the mayor is below the city council and below the county board of supervisors in terms of power. So much of what he proposes will get neutralized by those Democrats in those bodies. The only hope is to use the bully pulpit and get the public to push the council to move, but that would take broad support that he currently doesn't have. Lots of reports have also said that he has signed a deal with a production company to make a reality show out of him running for and hypothetically being mayor of LA. So I guess he's interested in getting that kind of production made, but I don't imagine that would really help anybody on the ground because yikes. Nithya Raman, she's a council member for like Silver Lake, Hollywood Hill, Studio City, like that sort sort of— there's like a little swath of this, uh, Southern San Fernando Valley that's part of her too. Uh, she joined the race at like the last possible minute to give an alternative to Karen Bass. Uh, she's a progressive. Uh, she's sort of been anointed in terms of this race as the Zoramandami for LA. But New York mayor and LA mayor are like two completely different jobs. The New York mayor has like a lot more say over what goes on Her husband works in the film industry, so she is aware of what is going on from, you know, at least the perspective of like somebody who's married to somebody in film. But that has also left her recusing herself from film-related votes in the past, and she's been heavily criticized for taking, talking about film in her platform, but does not have any legislative work to show for that despite being on the council for the last 5 years. Adam Miller, uh, this will be quick. Uh, he has proposed treating the film industry like business meeting and working directly with studios and bringing the industry back that way. He has not elaborated on any of these plans, just sort of generally speaking he wanted to talk to the studios. He is the only person polling above 3% that doesn't seem to take this issue seriously at all, so I don't think we should take him too seriously either. Reverend Ray Wong was the first candidate I saw even address the issue in a serious way. On the day that people backing Stay in LA were lining up to get into City Hall, and fight for permit reform. Ray Wong became the first candidate to take the platform and use it for her policy proposals. Uh, she's been against the rise of AI and creative endeavors, but not a lot of firm plans that she could do from the mayor's office. And like I was getting at before with Bass, uh, here, here's the big problem. Bass is in the lead with Pratt behind her. Uh, Bass has been working behind the scenes to raise the profile of Spencer Pratt because she thinks it would be easier to beat Pratt. And I mean, according to Pollin, Rahman would beat Bass and Pratt both head-to-head, but Bass would beat Pratt. Uh, so much like Adam Schiff spent money propping up, uh, Steve Garvey, the Republican in the Senate race, uh, the last time around so he wouldn't have to face Katie Porter head-to-head, Bass is doing the same thing here. I like Rae Wong, but she has not caught on enough to give her the vote. Adam Miller is completely irrelevant to our conversation. Uh, Raman is the best choice in my mind of the candidates who can move on. But what worries me is that if Pratt eclipses her and takes the second spot, we have to choose between true— truly awful options. And I have to reserve my judgment if it is Bass versus Pratt. But I can't see a path out of this situation if Bass remains mayor. Just to be clear though, I don't see myself voting for Spencer Pratt, but I imagine that if she cooks up enough support for Pratt where he becomes the second choice over Nithya Raman, that I am going to have to act like I am going to vote for Pratt. Like, I'm gonna have to get in her face like, "You fix things right this very second or else I will vote for Spencer Pratt." as calling her bluff, because right now she is propping him up because he's a joke and everyone knows that he would get slaughtered. But if enough people would actually consider voting for him, enough so that she has to change her policy positions in order to win, then maybe that's the best case. But if If it's Bass and Pratt when the primary is done and, you know, she leads him by 60 points, uh, in terms of like, you know, the mayor's race, like it's over at that point, uh, honestly. But, you know, she feels like, uh, there's actually a chance that Spencer Pratt will win, that perhaps she will actually make changes that will move the ball a little bit. The next ballot item, uh, California governor. And all I have to say is Oh boy, what a terrible crop of candidates. What's interesting here is that most of the impact a governor would have on the state of the film industry is in championing it and pushing for results from the Assembly and Senate, as opposed to anything they would do themselves. But the industry needs two things, the first being permitting reform at the local level, and the second being expansion of the California Film Tax Credit. Uh, the tax credit was expanded under Newsom to $750 million, which is good, but it had a couple drawbacks that have kept it from being the runaway success they thought it would be. Uh, first is that it's not automatic like it is in a place like Georgia, which means projects in California need to apply and then wait to hear if they're picked, and then they get selected, which happens a couple times a year. This process is hell, and if money is the same, why not go to the place that makes it easier? The second issue is that it's a 40% credit on below-the-line expenses only, and other places like England have a credit that includes above the line. Uh, the line in this case separates the top people like the actors, directors, producers from the rest of the crew. Uh, but the actors are a huge chunk of the budget and that money adds up. Uh, the legislature in California doesn't want to look like they're subsidizing Leonardo DiCaprio, but the problem is other places will. Will. And they lost the film industry, and now that's the cost it's going to take to bring it back. Uh, the final problem is the $750 million, which did double the previous tax credit. But if the system becomes automatic and it covers above the line, the biggest budget shows would take all that money before smaller projects got the chance. So the 3 things we are looking for is uncapped credit, uh, above the line inclusion, and automatic acceptance. But again, the governor can't just sign something and make that happen. They would need to get the legislature to agree to it. And I'm not prepared to break down 120 Senate and Assembly seats, so let's just run through the candidates for governor. Uh, Javier Becerra is leading in the polls right now. If you love Gavin Newsom, this is your guy. He is a centrist Joe Biden hill dog Democrat, uh, does not appear to be charismatic or loved in the way that you would want in your top cheerleader. Uh, he's been mum on the tax credit, generally in support, but hasn't talked about expanding it in any way. But like I mentioned, he's just an extremely boring man who has a great resume, but no one is talking about like, oh man, he was the best HHS Secretary, or he was the best State's Attorney General. He's just a regular old Democrat. Uh, he is just in line with Karen Bass and, you know, like Joe Buttigieg. Like, if this is the type of Democrat you're looking for, then Javier Becerra is your guy. But, uh, we kind of had that with Newsom for the last almost decade, so I think it's about time that we switch it up a little bit. Second in polling right now is Steve Hilton, who is a Republican endorsed by Donald Trump. And was part of the Brexit movement in the UK. Uh, he's not American, so this is as high of an office as he would be able to have in the government. He had an event at the Cerrama Dome where he proposed a 5-point plan for Hollywood that includes an uncapped limit, above-the-line inclusion, rolling acceptance, and he has stated that he wants the industry back at full force by the Olympics. Like, he doesn't want the Olympics to come in 2028, and people talking about our dead industry. Next up, basically statistically tied with Steve Hilton, is Tom Steyer, who was recently endorsed by IATSE. Uh, he has pressed urgency and has been making many public statements about how he understands how dire the situation is. He's talked about expanding the tax credit, but hasn't put like a specific plan in place that I've seen. Uh, but I mean, generally speaking, he seems to be, uh, number one as far as like a more progressive candidate amongst the electorate here in California. Uh, Chad Bianco is the sheriff of Riverside County. Uh, he has no specific plan for saving Hollywood. Most of his platform just generally seems to be about like Oh, if we cut enough regulation and we let businesses do what they want to do, then everything will get better. Uh, I don't know if that is the plan here for the film industry too. Uh, we've kind of been doing that one for a while and now we have, uh, Warner Brothers and Paramount together. Um, I, I'll just say this coming from Maryland, uh, which is broken down by party affiliation in a very similar way to California. In 2000, Robert Ehrlich, a Republican, won governor in Maryland, and it was mostly because the Democrat who was the lieutenant governor just didn't campaign because they thought they had it in the bag. And then like in the last like 3 weeks, they were like, oh shit, nobody's— nobody's gonna vote for me, I should probably put my face out there. And And by then it was too late. Uh, Robert Ehrlich in that case was not like a right-wing firebrand. He was a very much more, uh, center-of-the-road Republican. But because the legislature in Maryland, much like the legislature in California, is 75% Democrats, uh, it would be— they basically just sat him out. Like, they just didn't let him do anything. And then just held on for 4 years. And I mean, that's kind of what would happen if either Steve Hilton or Chad Bianco actually won the governorship, which would effectively mean that the 2 of them got the 2 most votes. Because if any Democrat is running against either Hilton or Bianco, they will win just based off of like how things are going, uh, unless something completely unforeseen happens. And then even still, I imagine the Democrat would win. Um, it is a bad idea, I think, to vote for somebody who we know will just get like recall, uh, efforts immediately, and nobody in the legislature will listen to anything that they say and will not allow them to have any kind of a win. So, uh, I, I would imagine that if either Republican won, it would just be 4 years of dogfighting and nothing getting done, and that would be the worst-case scenario. So I— even though neither one of them seems to be the best option for the film industry, I just, in general, I think the Republicans in this race are bad for the future of film in California. Katie Porter, former congressperson from deep red Orange County. So even as a Democrat, she has a history of being liked by red areas of the state. Uh, still managed to be a progressive in the vein of Elizabeth Warren. Uh, she was endorsed by the Teamsters and has proposed like kind of a wait and see with the current tax credit before we change it again, uh, but would be open to expansion. She's, she's talked about wanting to be a good steward of the money, like she just doesn't want to like waste money, uh, which I can understand, but also at the same point, like You know, you had many years to fix your roof before it became a problem, and now there's a giant hole in it. It's going to cost more. I think that's just kind of how I'm looking at the film industry right now. You let it get this bad, and now the fix is so much more expensive than if we would have just done $750 million 5 years ago or something like that, or 10 years ago. She has been loudly pro-worker and stood against executives of all stripes with her whiteboard she was in the house, uh, and she is running without corporate donations or PAC money, which has been very tough because this is an exceedingly expensive race and it has definitely hurt her getting her message out there. Uh, next up on the list here is Matt Mahan. He is the mayor of San Jose. He was just elected to his second term in 2024, but before that he was elected as San Jose City Council, where he served only 2 years of the 4-year term before running for mayor. Uh, he's proposed expanding the cap and including above-the-line costs. Uh, but this run to me just seems to be about raising his profile over actually like winning. I think the fact that he's been polling better than other people is giving him some hope that maybe he could do this again in a couple years, and he's sort of like putting up a good fight without doing anything that will hurt his long-term chances. But I think— I imagine he just goes back to San Jose after this. Speaking of mayors, uh, former mayor of Los Angeles Antonio Villaraigosa is, uh, also running. He's behind Matt Ahan in the polls, and I will tell you right now, he doesn't have a shot because Los Angeles doesn't often produce governors. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Ronald Reagan came from outside of politics, but, you know, they were from LA. Like, as far as California goes, they were from LA. Gray Davis, who Arnold beat in the recall, was the last politician that I can think of from LA. I mean, Nixon was Orange County. Which is close but not Los Angeles. Uh, but, uh, you know, Villarigosa is saying all the things he needs to say. You know, he's for expanding the tax credit and including above the line, and he just doesn't— he doesn't have the juice. So I don't imagine it would be a good idea to spend your primary vote on him. And similarly, uh, Tony Thurmond is polling as highly as someone else. Uh, like literally on the, uh, who, who do you want to vote for in governor? Uh, somebody else is an option and Tony Thurmond is tied with somebody else. So I would recommend that you vote for somebody else. I leave you with one last thing, and I guess it's my free piece of advice for anyone who wants to run for office and understand what is going on. And I call the proposal eating the dog food. This concept has been around for a long time, the idea being you are the CEO of a dog food company and the best way to prove that the food is good for your dog is by eating it yourself. If it was a bad product filled with things you wouldn't want to eat, why are you giving it to your dog? So I propose, if you want to fix the worst parts of city government, and in this case the film industry, Have somebody in your office shadow someone trying to get a film permit and watch Film LA and just see what happens. Because, like, just imagine we have Tim is our new permitting liaison in the mayor's office, and when a new permit request comes in to Film LA, they get BCC'd randomly or selected if, you know, like, proves to be an interesting case. And select a few of these permit applications and ask the producer if you can follow along the progress in real time with them. That way there is a person outside of Film LA who can recognize what a nightmare this process can be and bring it to the attention of people who can hold Film LA to account. Because on a local level, Film LA either needs a dramatic shakeup or to be replaced altogether from the ground up. The horror stories I have heard from productions I have worked on show a bureaucracy that is so convoluted that. You are often waiting until the zero hour to see if your permits are approved, and often when you get the approval, it is hit with hundreds or thousands of dollars worth of costs that many productions are not able to swallow. Uh, I worked on a project once where Film LA made a mistake and didn't charge for a fire check, and 2 hours before we were wrapped for the week, uh, they called the producer and threatened to shut us down because We didn't pay the fee that they never told us about. So if Tim the film liaison was a fly on the wall for all that, I'm sure they would have run that up the chain of command at the hall. And just so it's clear, I'm sure if we talk to somebody from Film LA, they will have horror stories too about productions that lied to them in the past. And now that's why certain rules are in place. You know, they said Oh, there won't be any fire, and then like the whole scene is just people lighting things on fire. Uh, I'm sure it's a nightmare to have to figure out what rules you have to play by because with neighborhood associations and HOAs and cities, the rules can change literally from block to block. But they absolutely throw their weight around as well and act today, like at this very moment, like people have to film here and it's just not the case. In New York, you don't even need a permit if the shoot is low impact enough. Overall though, there needs to be an attitude shift that gets you to yes and quicker. Like right now, Film LA feels like whatever the question is, it's going to be no. It should feel more like you have someone in your corner trying to make it happen. Uh, also to be more upfront with what costs or restrictions could be. Uh, when I was trying to get a permit for a student film, you know, 13 years ago, I was looking for a park in a city. Like, I wanted to have a park space, but I wanted to have buildings like we were in the middle of a major metropolitan city. Uh, I called Film LA and asked what I needed, and they told me to just pick a park and then come down to the, to the office and fill out the paperwork. Uh, I picked a park and they said no. It's not available. I pivoted to a second choice and it was not available. Third, not available, etc., etc. I finally asked if they had like a list of parks I could use, like I could see and know which one to use, and they said no. And then I asked how they knew that all the parks I asked about were unavailable, and they told me that they had a list. The list they said I couldn't see. I left and made a list of 25 parks that could have worked and had to go back for round after round of nos. That was 13 years ago, and that was when LA was still the place to shoot for almost everything. The tau of no still hangs heavy over Sunset next to the Palladium. One way or another, this is a big time for Los Angeles, California, and the future of our film industry. I hope this guide proved helpful. And helpful for you in making the best decision on your ballot. I'm not trying to make this channel political as best I can, but I hope you find this a just-the-facts guide for one of the most consequential moments in Los Angeles history and the film industry in LA in particular. Uh, remember, voting ends on June 2nd, and no matter who you vote for, please vote. Anyway, that is it for me today. Thank you so much for following along on this voter guide. Uh, it's something that I care a lot about, and I know a lot of people don't, so I thought I would give you sort of the quick and dirty about what's going on here. And yeah, just please get out there and vote. So people— so few people vote in primaries that, uh, your vote actually has an oversized impact in races like this. So Go out there, make your best decision. I'll see you guys here next week. Have a great day, everyone."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Hello everybody and welcome to The Cory Baker Show. I'm Cory, and today I get to combine two things I have a lot of experience in to hopefully inform y'all heading into primary day here in California. That's the film industry and electoral politics. And today I'm going to discuss the Los Angeles mayor's race and the California governor's race. However, I am limiting my scope to just issues related to the film industry. There are a lot of issues that face Los Angeles and California as a whole, but From my perspective, this is the last chance to save the film industry here, and in my mind, I have to be a bit of a one-issue voter in this regard. Mostly because if the industry doesn't get the redefibrillator soon, it will be done and over with. We might honestly be past the point of no return, but I still see a small glimmer of hope remaining, and with that, we must look forward and hope for the best. Uh, just a small bit of background to establish my bona fides. I was a political science major at Hofstra, and when I was a student there, my dream was to one day run for mayor of Baltimore, my hometown. In the years after my time at Hofstra, it became clear that that dream was not going to happen for a multiple multitude of reasons, and I pivoted my interest over time into film, which I was always something I had interest in. In my mind, uh, Being in New York would give me an opportunity to dip a toe into film, seeing as that at that time New York was a distant but formidable number 2 to Los Angeles in terms of film markets in the United States. It was when I returned home to Maryland that I started my backyard indie era before going to New York Film Academy in Los Angeles for film school. 13 years later, and almost 10 full time in Los Angeles, I had built myself a nice little career in film. Going into 2020, I had my most successful year and was ready to start really pushing things forward when COVID happened. COVID was rough for nearly all industries, but I still managed to work consistently once things opened up. It was really the dual writers and actors strike that marked the moment where the industry really changed and has never truly recovered. While the past 3 years have been less busy, It was really this year that has been the low watermark, and it was an extremely tough on me and many other people I know in the industry. All that being said, let's start locally with the Los Angeles mayor's race. So here is the lay of the land on the Los Angeles mayor's race according to the latest polling from Emerson College Inside California Politics. Current mayor Karen Bass is at 30%. Spencer Pratt is trailing at 22%. Councilmember Nithya Raman is at 19%. Adam Miller is at 7%, and Reverend Ray Wong is at 4%. 16% undecided and a margin of error at 3%. In my mind, I'm willing to stretch the margin of error to 5 for two reasons. First is that it's a local race and that tends to have more elasticity over a statewide or national race. And secondly, because polls are largely a moment in time, and that I think we take the margin of error as like a ceiling and floor and not as a flexible band of support. I mean, in my entire life, I have only been reached out to for one poll, and that was for Maryland when I was already living in California. Needless to say, if you plus 5 or minus 5 from all the candidates, it becomes clear that the clear contenders are Bass, Pratt, and Raman. Also a reminder that California is a jungle primary where all parties run in one primary together and the top two move to the general unless somebody exceeds 50%. For both these races, I don't see a way we get that 50% with any candidate. So all of the— all of these could end up with two Democrats or two Republicans or one of each in the general. That being said, let's run through the top 5, but devote the most attention to the top 3. Karen Bass has been the mayor the entire the time the industry has been collapsing, uh, since she took office in 2022. She initially proposed small changes that have shown little effect. Uh, last month she announced a bunch of additional small changes, but nothing that is proposed would likely make filming suddenly jump. Uh, she has not been in front of any of the proposed changes that have been made by groups like Stay in LA and has not shown the ability to move fast or stand up for what's right. Uh, I really think that we're going to, uh, probably end up with a Bass versus Pratt matchup, and, uh, that is really upsetting because they are clearly the two worst candidates, uh, who are in the election. But Bass in particular is just— the thing you need to know from a political standpoint is that she is part of this, like, let's make these slow incremental changes and see what happens and wait it out. And honestly, we're, we're past that point. Uh, and she really needs to have her feet to the flame a little bit because she is not moving fast enough. Uh, on to Spencer Pratt. He has proposed the most aggressive plan, essentially eliminating permitting fees for projects under $2 million and removing roadblocks for filming. Uh, he wrote a Substack, which I'll link to in the show notes, that does a good job of accurately describing what productions are going through, but points the blame and grievance against Bass and Newsom. Uh, LA is a weak mayor city, and the mayor is below the city council and below the county board of supervisors in terms of power. So much of what he proposes will get neutralized by those Democrats in those bodies. The only hope is to use the bully pulpit and get the public to push the council to move, but that would take broad support that he currently doesn't have. Lots of reports have also said that he has signed a deal with a production company to make a reality show out of him running for and hypothetically being mayor of LA. So I guess he's interested in getting that kind of production made, but I don't imagine that would really help anybody on the ground because yikes. Nithya Raman, she's a council member for like Silver Lake, Hollywood Hill, Studio City, like that sort sort of— there's like a little swath of this, uh, Southern San Fernando Valley that's part of her too. Uh, she joined the race at like the last possible minute to give an alternative to Karen Bass. Uh, she's a progressive. Uh, she's sort of been anointed in terms of this race as the Zoramandami for LA. But New York mayor and LA mayor are like two completely different jobs. The New York mayor has like a lot more say over what goes on Her husband works in the film industry, so she is aware of what is going on from, you know, at least the perspective of like somebody who's married to somebody in film. But that has also left her recusing herself from film-related votes in the past, and she's been heavily criticized for taking, talking about film in her platform, but does not have any legislative work to show for that despite being on the council for the last 5 years. Adam Miller, uh, this will be quick. Uh, he has proposed treating the film industry like business meeting and working directly with studios and bringing the industry back that way. He has not elaborated on any of these plans, just sort of generally speaking he wanted to talk to the studios. He is the only person polling above 3% that doesn't seem to take this issue seriously at all, so I don't think we should take him too seriously either. Reverend Ray Wong was the first candidate I saw even address the issue in a serious way. On the day that people backing Stay in LA were lining up to get into City Hall, and fight for permit reform. Ray Wong became the first candidate to take the platform and use it for her policy proposals. Uh, she's been against the rise of AI and creative endeavors, but not a lot of firm plans that she could do from the mayor's office. And like I was getting at before with Bass, uh, here, here's the big problem. Bass is in the lead with Pratt behind her. Uh, Bass has been working behind the scenes to raise the profile of Spencer Pratt because she thinks it would be easier to beat Pratt. And I mean, according to Pollin, Rahman would beat Bass and Pratt both head-to-head, but Bass would beat Pratt. Uh, so much like Adam Schiff spent money propping up, uh, Steve Garvey, the Republican in the Senate race, uh, the last time around so he wouldn't have to face Katie Porter head-to-head, Bass is doing the same thing here. I like Rae Wong, but she has not caught on enough to give her the vote. Adam Miller is completely irrelevant to our conversation. Uh, Raman is the best choice in my mind of the candidates who can move on. But what worries me is that if Pratt eclipses her and takes the second spot, we have to choose between true— truly awful options. And I have to reserve my judgment if it is Bass versus Pratt. But I can't see a path out of this situation if Bass remains mayor. Just to be clear though, I don't see myself voting for Spencer Pratt, but I imagine that if she cooks up enough support for Pratt where he becomes the second choice over Nithya Raman, that I am going to have to act like I am going to vote for Pratt. Like, I'm gonna have to get in her face like, "You fix things right this very second or else I will vote for Spencer Pratt." as calling her bluff, because right now she is propping him up because he's a joke and everyone knows that he would get slaughtered. But if enough people would actually consider voting for him, enough so that she has to change her policy positions in order to win, then maybe that's the best case. But if If it's Bass and Pratt when the primary is done and, you know, she leads him by 60 points, uh, in terms of like, you know, the mayor's race, like it's over at that point, uh, honestly. But, you know, she feels like, uh, there's actually a chance that Spencer Pratt will win, that perhaps she will actually make changes that will move the ball a little bit. The next ballot item, uh, California governor. And all I have to say is Oh boy, what a terrible crop of candidates. What's interesting here is that most of the impact a governor would have on the state of the film industry is in championing it and pushing for results from the Assembly and Senate, as opposed to anything they would do themselves. But the industry needs two things, the first being permitting reform at the local level, and the second being expansion of the California Film Tax Credit. Uh, the tax credit was expanded under Newsom to $750 million, which is good, but it had a couple drawbacks that have kept it from being the runaway success they thought it would be. Uh, first is that it's not automatic like it is in a place like Georgia, which means projects in California need to apply and then wait to hear if they're picked, and then they get selected, which happens a couple times a year. This process is hell, and if money is the same, why not go to the place that makes it easier? The second issue is that it's a 40% credit on below-the-line expenses only, and other places like England have a credit that includes above the line. Uh, the line in this case separates the top people like the actors, directors, producers from the rest of the crew. Uh, but the actors are a huge chunk of the budget and that money adds up. Uh, the legislature in California doesn't want to look like they're subsidizing Leonardo DiCaprio, but the problem is other places will. Will. And they lost the film industry, and now that's the cost it's going to take to bring it back. Uh, the final problem is the $750 million, which did double the previous tax credit. But if the system becomes automatic and it covers above the line, the biggest budget shows would take all that money before smaller projects got the chance. So the 3 things we are looking for is uncapped credit, uh, above the line inclusion, and automatic acceptance. But again, the governor can't just sign something and make that happen. They would need to get the legislature to agree to it. And I'm not prepared to break down 120 Senate and Assembly seats, so let's just run through the candidates for governor. Uh, Javier Becerra is leading in the polls right now. If you love Gavin Newsom, this is your guy. He is a centrist Joe Biden hill dog Democrat, uh, does not appear to be charismatic or loved in the way that you would want in your top cheerleader. Uh, he's been mum on the tax credit, generally in support, but hasn't talked about expanding it in any way. But like I mentioned, he's just an extremely boring man who has a great resume, but no one is talking about like, oh man, he was the best HHS Secretary, or he was the best State's Attorney General. He's just a regular old Democrat. Uh, he is just in line with Karen Bass and, you know, like Joe Buttigieg. Like, if this is the type of Democrat you're looking for, then Javier Becerra is your guy. But, uh, we kind of had that with Newsom for the last almost decade, so I think it's about time that we switch it up a little bit. Second in polling right now is Steve Hilton, who is a Republican endorsed by Donald Trump. And was part of the Brexit movement in the UK. Uh, he's not American, so this is as high of an office as he would be able to have in the government. He had an event at the Cerrama Dome where he proposed a 5-point plan for Hollywood that includes an uncapped limit, above-the-line inclusion, rolling acceptance, and he has stated that he wants the industry back at full force by the Olympics. Like, he doesn't want the Olympics to come in 2028, and people talking about our dead industry. Next up, basically statistically tied with Steve Hilton, is Tom Steyer, who was recently endorsed by IATSE. Uh, he has pressed urgency and has been making many public statements about how he understands how dire the situation is. He's talked about expanding the tax credit, but hasn't put like a specific plan in place that I've seen. Uh, but I mean, generally speaking, he seems to be, uh, number one as far as like a more progressive candidate amongst the electorate here in California. Uh, Chad Bianco is the sheriff of Riverside County. Uh, he has no specific plan for saving Hollywood. Most of his platform just generally seems to be about like Oh, if we cut enough regulation and we let businesses do what they want to do, then everything will get better. Uh, I don't know if that is the plan here for the film industry too. Uh, we've kind of been doing that one for a while and now we have, uh, Warner Brothers and Paramount together. Um, I, I'll just say this coming from Maryland, uh, which is broken down by party affiliation in a very similar way to California. In 2000, Robert Ehrlich, a Republican, won governor in Maryland, and it was mostly because the Democrat who was the lieutenant governor just didn't campaign because they thought they had it in the bag. And then like in the last like 3 weeks, they were like, oh shit, nobody's— nobody's gonna vote for me, I should probably put my face out there. And And by then it was too late. Uh, Robert Ehrlich in that case was not like a right-wing firebrand. He was a very much more, uh, center-of-the-road Republican. But because the legislature in Maryland, much like the legislature in California, is 75% Democrats, uh, it would be— they basically just sat him out. Like, they just didn't let him do anything. And then just held on for 4 years. And I mean, that's kind of what would happen if either Steve Hilton or Chad Bianco actually won the governorship, which would effectively mean that the 2 of them got the 2 most votes. Because if any Democrat is running against either Hilton or Bianco, they will win just based off of like how things are going, uh, unless something completely unforeseen happens. And then even still, I imagine the Democrat would win. Um, it is a bad idea, I think, to vote for somebody who we know will just get like recall, uh, efforts immediately, and nobody in the legislature will listen to anything that they say and will not allow them to have any kind of a win. So, uh, I, I would imagine that if either Republican won, it would just be 4 years of dogfighting and nothing getting done, and that would be the worst-case scenario. So I— even though neither one of them seems to be the best option for the film industry, I just, in general, I think the Republicans in this race are bad for the future of film in California. Katie Porter, former congressperson from deep red Orange County. So even as a Democrat, she has a history of being liked by red areas of the state. Uh, still managed to be a progressive in the vein of Elizabeth Warren. Uh, she was endorsed by the Teamsters and has proposed like kind of a wait and see with the current tax credit before we change it again, uh, but would be open to expansion. She's, she's talked about wanting to be a good steward of the money, like she just doesn't want to like waste money, uh, which I can understand, but also at the same point, like You know, you had many years to fix your roof before it became a problem, and now there's a giant hole in it. It's going to cost more. I think that's just kind of how I'm looking at the film industry right now. You let it get this bad, and now the fix is so much more expensive than if we would have just done $750 million 5 years ago or something like that, or 10 years ago. She has been loudly pro-worker and stood against executives of all stripes with her whiteboard she was in the house, uh, and she is running without corporate donations or PAC money, which has been very tough because this is an exceedingly expensive race and it has definitely hurt her getting her message out there. Uh, next up on the list here is Matt Mahan. He is the mayor of San Jose. He was just elected to his second term in 2024, but before that he was elected as San Jose City Council, where he served only 2 years of the 4-year term before running for mayor. Uh, he's proposed expanding the cap and including above-the-line costs. Uh, but this run to me just seems to be about raising his profile over actually like winning. I think the fact that he's been polling better than other people is giving him some hope that maybe he could do this again in a couple years, and he's sort of like putting up a good fight without doing anything that will hurt his long-term chances. But I think— I imagine he just goes back to San Jose after this. Speaking of mayors, uh, former mayor of Los Angeles Antonio Villaraigosa is, uh, also running. He's behind Matt Ahan in the polls, and I will tell you right now, he doesn't have a shot because Los Angeles doesn't often produce governors. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Ronald Reagan came from outside of politics, but, you know, they were from LA. Like, as far as California goes, they were from LA. Gray Davis, who Arnold beat in the recall, was the last politician that I can think of from LA. I mean, Nixon was Orange County. Which is close but not Los Angeles. Uh, but, uh, you know, Villarigosa is saying all the things he needs to say. You know, he's for expanding the tax credit and including above the line, and he just doesn't— he doesn't have the juice. So I don't imagine it would be a good idea to spend your primary vote on him. And similarly, uh, Tony Thurmond is polling as highly as someone else. Uh, like literally on the, uh, who, who do you want to vote for in governor? Uh, somebody else is an option and Tony Thurmond is tied with somebody else. So I would recommend that you vote for somebody else. I leave you with one last thing, and I guess it's my free piece of advice for anyone who wants to run for office and understand what is going on. And I call the proposal eating the dog food. This concept has been around for a long time, the idea being you are the CEO of a dog food company and the best way to prove that the food is good for your dog is by eating it yourself. If it was a bad product filled with things you wouldn't want to eat, why are you giving it to your dog? So I propose, if you want to fix the worst parts of city government, and in this case the film industry, Have somebody in your office shadow someone trying to get a film permit and watch Film LA and just see what happens. Because, like, just imagine we have Tim is our new permitting liaison in the mayor's office, and when a new permit request comes in to Film LA, they get BCC'd randomly or selected if, you know, like, proves to be an interesting case. And select a few of these permit applications and ask the producer if you can follow along the progress in real time with them. That way there is a person outside of Film LA who can recognize what a nightmare this process can be and bring it to the attention of people who can hold Film LA to account. Because on a local level, Film LA either needs a dramatic shakeup or to be replaced altogether from the ground up. The horror stories I have heard from productions I have worked on show a bureaucracy that is so convoluted that. You are often waiting until the zero hour to see if your permits are approved, and often when you get the approval, it is hit with hundreds or thousands of dollars worth of costs that many productions are not able to swallow. Uh, I worked on a project once where Film LA made a mistake and didn't charge for a fire check, and 2 hours before we were wrapped for the week, uh, they called the producer and threatened to shut us down because We didn't pay the fee that they never told us about. So if Tim the film liaison was a fly on the wall for all that, I'm sure they would have run that up the chain of command at the hall. And just so it's clear, I'm sure if we talk to somebody from Film LA, they will have horror stories too about productions that lied to them in the past. And now that's why certain rules are in place. You know, they said Oh, there won't be any fire, and then like the whole scene is just people lighting things on fire. Uh, I'm sure it's a nightmare to have to figure out what rules you have to play by because with neighborhood associations and HOAs and cities, the rules can change literally from block to block. But they absolutely throw their weight around as well and act today, like at this very moment, like people have to film here and it's just not the case. In New York, you don't even need a permit if the shoot is low impact enough. Overall though, there needs to be an attitude shift that gets you to yes and quicker. Like right now, Film LA feels like whatever the question is, it's going to be no. It should feel more like you have someone in your corner trying to make it happen. Uh, also to be more upfront with what costs or restrictions could be. Uh, when I was trying to get a permit for a student film, you know, 13 years ago, I was looking for a park in a city. Like, I wanted to have a park space, but I wanted to have buildings like we were in the middle of a major metropolitan city. Uh, I called Film LA and asked what I needed, and they told me to just pick a park and then come down to the, to the office and fill out the paperwork. Uh, I picked a park and they said no. It's not available. I pivoted to a second choice and it was not available. Third, not available, etc., etc. I finally asked if they had like a list of parks I could use, like I could see and know which one to use, and they said no. And then I asked how they knew that all the parks I asked about were unavailable, and they told me that they had a list. The list they said I couldn't see. I left and made a list of 25 parks that could have worked and had to go back for round after round of nos. That was 13 years ago, and that was when LA was still the place to shoot for almost everything. The tau of no still hangs heavy over Sunset next to the Palladium. One way or another, this is a big time for Los Angeles, California, and the future of our film industry. I hope this guide proved helpful. And helpful for you in making the best decision on your ballot. I'm not trying to make this channel political as best I can, but I hope you find this a just-the-facts guide for one of the most consequential moments in Los Angeles history and the film industry in LA in particular. Uh, remember, voting ends on June 2nd, and no matter who you vote for, please vote. Anyway, that is it for me today. Thank you so much for following along on this voter guide. Uh, it's something that I care a lot about, and I know a lot of people don't, so I thought I would give you sort of the quick and dirty about what's going on here. And yeah, just please get out there and vote. So people— so few people vote in primaries that, uh, your vote actually has an oversized impact in races like this. So Go out there, make your best decision. I'll see you guys here next week. Have a great day, everyone.
