# Nick Reed 05.19.26 - Voter Fraud Exposed

**Show:** Nick Reed Podcast
**Date Published:** 2026-05-19
**Date Found:** 2026-05-20
**URL:** https://art19.com/shows/nick-reed?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Nithya Raman (mentioned)
**Duration:** 40 minutes

## Summary

This 40-minute episode of Nick Reed Podcast mentions Nithya Raman.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Nithya Raman, Nick Reed Podcast

## Key Moment

> "Springfield Talk 104.1. My name is Nick Reed. Hour 3, we've got the podcast at ksgf.com, the app you can listen as well as watch past shows, and watch them in real time on YouTube. That's Springfield's Talk 104.1. And then of course we do have Spotify, iTunes, if I, if I didn't mention that. Socialist Naitha Rahman, this is the Actually, the third primary candidate in the mayoral race out in Los Angeles, there's, there is, I know at least one other candidate because Spencer Pratt has referenced this other candidate as a candidate that he thinks actually is legit in terms of caring about the city as opposed to Bass and Rhamen. But that individual that he referenced doesn't really poll anywhere significantly. So not getting as much play. But Nithya Raman, who's a wife to the TV producer for the show Modern Family, is racking up all sorts of 1% multimillionaire Hollywood support for the LA mayor's race. And this is how socialism works. She has gotten a number of A-list contributors like Tina Fey and Colin, uh, uh, Yost He's on Saturday Night Live, as Tina Fey was as well. These are people that many of them don't even live in Los Angeles. A recent profile from Variety noted that Raman's Hollywood connections run deep due to her husband, TV writer-producer Valli Chandra Sekaran, who wrote for 30 Rock, Modern Family, with some of her financial contributors including Tina Fey, Mindy Kaling, Mike Shore, Colin Yost, Nicholas Stoller, Cord Jefferson, David Mandel, and many others. This past April, actor Adam Scott introduced her at a backyard fundraiser in Santa Monica, Scott saying she wins because she gets blank done and she gets blank done because she has a plan for everything. One of the characteristics of people on the left is they really truly make claims that are not grounded in anything based in reality. They'll make these statements about, oh, she just really gets things— gets what done? You notice they don't list the things when they talk about what a champion someone is. They don't list the results, how it is, what's the before and after. Before so-and-so got involved, this is what it looked like, and look at it now. You know, the left never does a before and after. Trump does. You want to know why? Ron DeSantis does. You want to know why? Because they make things better. They make things better. Gavin Newsom, Kamala Harris, you just go down the list of Democrats. They never say, hey, look at how things were before I came along and then look at them afterwards, because things are always worse. I don't— listen, you people that vote Democrat, you have got to understand how confusing it is for the rest of us when these people you support, them, they themselves never tout their accomplishments. Gavin Newsom doesn't say, hey, you remember the homeless problem 20 years ago I started tackling and promised to clean up? Look at how— what it was like then versus now. Oh, you know how the energy prices out in California used to be higher than they were everyone else? Look at how, how they're lower now. Give you the flip side of that. Mississippi, a state that once upon a time rated in the bottom and left in terms of education, and then several years ago decided to go back to the good old days before the the, the, uh, you know, creative learning and, um, all of that. And now they are— they, they far are far superior to states like California, particularly for minorities. And do you know how— you know what Mississippi does? They make sure everyone knows it. They're like, yes, look at what it used to be like, look at what it's like now. Do you find any Democrat I mean, unless they just talk about spending. Before I came along, only $20 billion was spent on this program. Now it's $30 billion. Okay, but what has the result been? Gavin Newsom can spend— can brag about the massive amounts of money that he spent on homelessness, but let's talk about the results. It's increased homelessness. And then of course, they— the same people who say you have to elect me to protect you from Donald Trump, whenever you point out their failures, they say, well, it's Donald Trump's fault. I thought you were supposed to be the buffer. This is why you said you need to get elected to fight against him, to win against him, that you were going to be the great protection against him. Yet when the failures under your leadership are very clear. You suddenly were unable to protect us from Donald Trump. The, the— you folks on the left, you have to understand how people who just want better result— that expect better results— if someone comes along and says, hire me, I'm going to do this job, if they do worse at it, it's weird for us to conceptualize this idea of, oh, let's do more of that. Well, that doesn't mean that Republicans have all the answers. Lord knows that's not the case. Usually when Republicans fail, it's because they're trying to accommodate the wishes by compromising with Democrats. That's how they go off-kilter. But when they stick to the principles of law and order, smaller government, then things just get better again. This is why people flee blue states and they move to red states despite the rhetoric against red states. If you didn't know any better, you'd think that red states were these horrible cesspools of disease-ridden people because they're anti-vaxxers and they're just a bunch of racists having Klan meetings and neo-Nazi meetings all the time, and it's just the worst place ever. You got, you know, the, the rich are really, really rich and the poor really, really poor. Yeah, that's, that's— you would think that's the reality, yet Those are the states that people flee to, and they flee from the great utopians of everyone becoming equal and everyone winning with free healthcare and, and free housing for the homeless. This story earlier, one of the Democrat council members in Seattle that was so excited about the new socialist mayor just months into her turn, suddenly very gravely concerned, he tells The New York Times, because businesses are fleeing. There's an intellectual struggle that happens with Americans that truly attempt to pick leadership that is going to result in a better quality of life. And that is when they watch these elected officials on the left— are they really that stupid, or are they deliberately destroying things just so that they can get even greater control? I think sometimes it's a mixed bag. I do believe some know what they're doing. It's unavoidable. To recognize the results. I do believe others are just stupid, and then some, you get a combination of stupid people who do know what they're doing. Springfield's Talk 104.1, latest news update."
> — Speaker B at 00:22
> *Nithya Raman was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:22] Speaker B: "Springfield Talk 104.1. My name is Nick Reed. Hour 3, we've got the podcast at ksgf.com, the app you can listen as well as watch past shows, and watch them in real time on YouTube. That's Springfield's Talk 104.1. And then of course we do have Spotify, iTunes, if I, if I didn't mention that. Socialist Naitha Rahman, this is the Actually, the third primary candidate in the mayoral race out in Los Angeles, there's, there is, I know at least one other candidate because Spencer Pratt has referenced this other candidate as a candidate that he thinks actually is legit in terms of caring about the city as opposed to Bass and Rhamen. But that individual that he referenced doesn't really poll anywhere significantly. So not getting as much play. But Nithya Raman, who's a wife to the TV producer for the show Modern Family, is racking up all sorts of 1% multimillionaire Hollywood support for the LA mayor's race. And this is how socialism works. She has gotten a number of A-list contributors like Tina Fey and Colin, uh, uh, Yost He's on Saturday Night Live, as Tina Fey was as well. These are people that many of them don't even live in Los Angeles. A recent profile from Variety noted that Raman's Hollywood connections run deep due to her husband, TV writer-producer Valli Chandra Sekaran, who wrote for 30 Rock, Modern Family, with some of her financial contributors including Tina Fey, Mindy Kaling, Mike Shore, Colin Yost, Nicholas Stoller, Cord Jefferson, David Mandel, and many others. This past April, actor Adam Scott introduced her at a backyard fundraiser in Santa Monica, Scott saying she wins because she gets blank done and she gets blank done because she has a plan for everything. One of the characteristics of people on the left is they really truly make claims that are not grounded in anything based in reality. They'll make these statements about, oh, she just really gets things— gets what done? You notice they don't list the things when they talk about what a champion someone is. They don't list the results, how it is, what's the before and after. Before so-and-so got involved, this is what it looked like, and look at it now. You know, the left never does a before and after. Trump does. You want to know why? Ron DeSantis does. You want to know why? Because they make things better. They make things better. Gavin Newsom, Kamala Harris, you just go down the list of Democrats. They never say, hey, look at how things were before I came along and then look at them afterwards, because things are always worse. I don't— listen, you people that vote Democrat, you have got to understand how confusing it is for the rest of us when these people you support, them, they themselves never tout their accomplishments. Gavin Newsom doesn't say, hey, you remember the homeless problem 20 years ago I started tackling and promised to clean up? Look at how— what it was like then versus now. Oh, you know how the energy prices out in California used to be higher than they were everyone else? Look at how, how they're lower now. Give you the flip side of that. Mississippi, a state that once upon a time rated in the bottom and left in terms of education, and then several years ago decided to go back to the good old days before the the, the, uh, you know, creative learning and, um, all of that. And now they are— they, they far are far superior to states like California, particularly for minorities. And do you know how— you know what Mississippi does? They make sure everyone knows it. They're like, yes, look at what it used to be like, look at what it's like now. Do you find any Democrat I mean, unless they just talk about spending. Before I came along, only $20 billion was spent on this program. Now it's $30 billion. Okay, but what has the result been? Gavin Newsom can spend— can brag about the massive amounts of money that he spent on homelessness, but let's talk about the results. It's increased homelessness. And then of course, they— the same people who say you have to elect me to protect you from Donald Trump, whenever you point out their failures, they say, well, it's Donald Trump's fault. I thought you were supposed to be the buffer. This is why you said you need to get elected to fight against him, to win against him, that you were going to be the great protection against him. Yet when the failures under your leadership are very clear. You suddenly were unable to protect us from Donald Trump. The, the— you folks on the left, you have to understand how people who just want better result— that expect better results— if someone comes along and says, hire me, I'm going to do this job, if they do worse at it, it's weird for us to conceptualize this idea of, oh, let's do more of that. Well, that doesn't mean that Republicans have all the answers. Lord knows that's not the case. Usually when Republicans fail, it's because they're trying to accommodate the wishes by compromising with Democrats. That's how they go off-kilter. But when they stick to the principles of law and order, smaller government, then things just get better again. This is why people flee blue states and they move to red states despite the rhetoric against red states. If you didn't know any better, you'd think that red states were these horrible cesspools of disease-ridden people because they're anti-vaxxers and they're just a bunch of racists having Klan meetings and neo-Nazi meetings all the time, and it's just the worst place ever. You got, you know, the, the rich are really, really rich and the poor really, really poor. Yeah, that's, that's— you would think that's the reality, yet Those are the states that people flee to, and they flee from the great utopians of everyone becoming equal and everyone winning with free healthcare and, and free housing for the homeless. This story earlier, one of the Democrat council members in Seattle that was so excited about the new socialist mayor just months into her turn, suddenly very gravely concerned, he tells The New York Times, because businesses are fleeing. There's an intellectual struggle that happens with Americans that truly attempt to pick leadership that is going to result in a better quality of life. And that is when they watch these elected officials on the left— are they really that stupid, or are they deliberately destroying things just so that they can get even greater control? I think sometimes it's a mixed bag. I do believe some know what they're doing. It's unavoidable. To recognize the results. I do believe others are just stupid, and then some, you get a combination of stupid people who do know what they're doing. Springfield's Talk 104.1, latest news update."

## Full Transcript

[00:01] **Speaker A:** This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it at progressive.com. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.

[00:22] **Speaker B:** Springfield Talk 104.1. My name is Nick Reed. Hour 3, we've got the podcast at ksgf.com, the app you can listen as well as watch past shows, and watch them in real time on YouTube. That's Springfield's Talk 104.1. And then of course we do have Spotify, iTunes, if I, if I didn't mention that. Socialist Naitha Rahman, this is the Actually, the third primary candidate in the mayoral race out in Los Angeles, there's, there is, I know at least one other candidate because Spencer Pratt has referenced this other candidate as a candidate that he thinks actually is legit in terms of caring about the city as opposed to Bass and Rhamen. But that individual that he referenced doesn't really poll anywhere significantly. So not getting as much play. But Nithya Raman, who's a wife to the TV producer for the show Modern Family, is racking up all sorts of 1% multimillionaire Hollywood support for the LA mayor's race. And this is how socialism works. She has gotten a number of A-list contributors like Tina Fey and Colin, uh, uh, Yost He's on Saturday Night Live, as Tina Fey was as well. These are people that many of them don't even live in Los Angeles. A recent profile from Variety noted that Raman's Hollywood connections run deep due to her husband, TV writer-producer Valli Chandra Sekaran, who wrote for 30 Rock, Modern Family, with some of her financial contributors including Tina Fey, Mindy Kaling, Mike Shore, Colin Yost, Nicholas Stoller, Cord Jefferson, David Mandel, and many others. This past April, actor Adam Scott introduced her at a backyard fundraiser in Santa Monica, Scott saying she wins because she gets blank done and she gets blank done because she has a plan for everything. One of the characteristics of people on the left is they really truly make claims that are not grounded in anything based in reality. They'll make these statements about, oh, she just really gets things— gets what done? You notice they don't list the things when they talk about what a champion someone is. They don't list the results, how it is, what's the before and after. Before so-and-so got involved, this is what it looked like, and look at it now. You know, the left never does a before and after. Trump does. You want to know why? Ron DeSantis does. You want to know why? Because they make things better. They make things better. Gavin Newsom, Kamala Harris, you just go down the list of Democrats. They never say, hey, look at how things were before I came along and then look at them afterwards, because things are always worse. I don't— listen, you people that vote Democrat, you have got to understand how confusing it is for the rest of us when these people you support, them, they themselves never tout their accomplishments. Gavin Newsom doesn't say, hey, you remember the homeless problem 20 years ago I started tackling and promised to clean up? Look at how— what it was like then versus now. Oh, you know how the energy prices out in California used to be higher than they were everyone else? Look at how, how they're lower now. Give you the flip side of that. Mississippi, a state that once upon a time rated in the bottom and left in terms of education, and then several years ago decided to go back to the good old days before the the, the, uh, you know, creative learning and, um, all of that. And now they are— they, they far are far superior to states like California, particularly for minorities. And do you know how— you know what Mississippi does? They make sure everyone knows it. They're like, yes, look at what it used to be like, look at what it's like now. Do you find any Democrat I mean, unless they just talk about spending. Before I came along, only $20 billion was spent on this program. Now it's $30 billion. Okay, but what has the result been? Gavin Newsom can spend— can brag about the massive amounts of money that he spent on homelessness, but let's talk about the results. It's increased homelessness. And then of course, they— the same people who say you have to elect me to protect you from Donald Trump, whenever you point out their failures, they say, well, it's Donald Trump's fault. I thought you were supposed to be the buffer. This is why you said you need to get elected to fight against him, to win against him, that you were going to be the great protection against him. Yet when the failures under your leadership are very clear. You suddenly were unable to protect us from Donald Trump. The, the— you folks on the left, you have to understand how people who just want better result— that expect better results— if someone comes along and says, hire me, I'm going to do this job, if they do worse at it, it's weird for us to conceptualize this idea of, oh, let's do more of that. Well, that doesn't mean that Republicans have all the answers. Lord knows that's not the case. Usually when Republicans fail, it's because they're trying to accommodate the wishes by compromising with Democrats. That's how they go off-kilter. But when they stick to the principles of law and order, smaller government, then things just get better again. This is why people flee blue states and they move to red states despite the rhetoric against red states. If you didn't know any better, you'd think that red states were these horrible cesspools of disease-ridden people because they're anti-vaxxers and they're just a bunch of racists having Klan meetings and neo-Nazi meetings all the time, and it's just the worst place ever. You got, you know, the, the rich are really, really rich and the poor really, really poor. Yeah, that's, that's— you would think that's the reality, yet Those are the states that people flee to, and they flee from the great utopians of everyone becoming equal and everyone winning with free healthcare and, and free housing for the homeless. This story earlier, one of the Democrat council members in Seattle that was so excited about the new socialist mayor just months into her turn, suddenly very gravely concerned, he tells The New York Times, because businesses are fleeing. There's an intellectual struggle that happens with Americans that truly attempt to pick leadership that is going to result in a better quality of life. And that is when they watch these elected officials on the left— are they really that stupid, or are they deliberately destroying things just so that they can get even greater control? I think sometimes it's a mixed bag. I do believe some know what they're doing. It's unavoidable. To recognize the results. I do believe others are just stupid, and then some, you get a combination of stupid people who do know what they're doing. Springfield's Talk 104.1, latest news update.

[09:35] **Speaker C:** And the First Alert forecast from Ozarks First meteorologist Tom Schmidt, sponsored by St. Clair of the Ozarks Home Improvements. Today we'll see showers and thunderstorms throughout the day with a high near 76 Tonight, cloudy with a low around 56. For your Wednesday, we'll see a slight chance for showers in the morning, otherwise mostly cloudy with a high near 66. And taking a look at Thursday, a 50% chance of showers with a high near 73.

[10:02] **Speaker B:** Sarah Myers.

[10:03] **Speaker C:** Thank you. Springfield Livestock Marketing Center coming up at the end of this month, May 29th and the 30th to be exact. Springfield Livestock will host a 2-day horse sale. Friday, that sale will start at 5:00 PM with saddles and horses to follow. And then on Saturday, they'll start at 9 AM with tack. 1 PM, they'll focus on outside items, so think things like trailers and such. And then at 5 PM, they'll start with their horse sale. Now, if you want to check out some of the horses that will be up for sale, visit their Facebook page, Springfield Livestock Horse Sale. Once again, that sale will be May 29th and the 30th. And if you want to view other upcoming sales, visit their website, click on that calendar of events, springfieldlivestock.com. And for more information on Springfield Livestock plus Contact info, all that fun stuff, that can be found under the Sarah's Endorsements tab at ksgf.com.

[10:55] **Speaker B:** This story regarding, um, socialist Nitha Raman, who is running in third behind Spencer Pratt and Karen Bass for the mayoral race in Los Angeles, and, and having all of the rich Hollywood support for her race. This is what a lot of folks who aren't familiar with socialist countries don't realize, is that the elite, really wealthy, ultimately end up gravitating towards the people in power, and you end up with no middle class. Now, some, depending on the industry, when socialists come in— Cuba is a great example of this— they will take over industries, they'll imprison certain industry leaders that aren't loyal to their cause. But it's all about loyalty and not about corporations, not about finances, not about distribution of wealth. And, and so if you are an industry that is skeptical of, of socialism, then usually you'll be targeted. But if you are one that jumps on board, like, yeah, this is great, you generally benefit from it because government has access to the money, to the contracts, to the deals, and, and it all becomes one giant friends network. And eventually what happens is exactly what we're seeing happen in Los Angeles, happening in Seattle. It's the, the extremely wealthy fall into two categories. One, not friendly with the authorities, and so they leave. And then there are those that are friendly with the authorities, and they stay and continue to live a lavish lifestyle. Meanwhile, because things are so poorly run, the middle class becomes lower class, the lower class stays lower class, and you just eliminate the, the middle class. This is how it works in every socialist country. The upside for people who live in socialist, socialist-run cities or socialist-run states is they can move to another state. If you're in Cuba, you're kind of stuck there. If you're in Venezuela, you're stuck. Now, there were hundreds of thousands of people who fled Venezuela a little easier than those who fled Cuba because, of course, they're an island. But nonetheless, this is why people try to flee those countries. And I keep going back to speaking directly to the few people out there that may think socialism is the key. Why do you think people flee socialist countries to go to non-socialist countries? It doesn't go the other way. It does not go the other way. When the Berlin Wall fell, Really, people only went one way before it fell. People only were risking their lives to go one way, and it wasn't towards the socialism. No, that, that's what some people call a hint, they call a clue. And the insanity of people not getting this. You do not redistribute wealth under socialism or communism or fascism or Marxism or Leninism in a way in which everything is wonderful and, oh, it's so much better now. That's not how it works. Under the Reagan administration and the Trump administration, when meaningful tax reform was was put into place lessening the control government had over the average person in this country, the income gaps shrunk. When there is an increase in government, there is an increase. I would look at Los Angeles, look at Seattle. Again, you just go down the list of these Democrat-run cities and you see the income gaps growing. The rich get richer, the poor get poorer. And the middle class get poorer. The— these wealthy white liberals that are part of the Hollywood scene, many of which don't even live in Los Angeles but live in New York City, that are supporting the socialist candidate for mayor out there have the luxury of not having to suffer the consequences of her policies and what they will be, because it's not going to be any better than Karen Bass. And you think about the, the audacity of those people when somebody like Spencer Pratt comes along and he's like, you know what, I'm just mad because my house burned down when it didn't have to burn down. I'm mad that my neighbor's houses burned down when they didn't have to burn down, and I'm mad that we're not being allowed to rebuild. And I'm mad that my family can't walk down the streets without being accosted by some homeless person. I'm mad that we can't let our, our kids play in the park for fear they'll get poked by some sort of needle that's diseased. I'm mad that, that our kids are subject to failing schools. And then you get these white liberal rich elites that from afar, oftentimes a different state even, say, don't vote for that guy, vote for the people who created the mess you're in. I mean, they are fundraising. There's an upcoming fundraiser for the socialist candidate of a number of these celebrities Variety noting on Thursday supporters will hold a fundraiser at Dynasty Typewriter, the Westlake Comedy Club, where a cast including Lake Bell, Will Forte, Adam Devine, Bobby Moynihan, Chelsea Peretti, Paul Scheer will perform a live table read of Harley Quinn: A Very Problematic Valentine's Day Special. I can't imagine being so detached from any sort of empathy of other human beings. When you see them, what they've gone through under current leadership, and you are completely unaffected by it, your answer is to try to help get elected the people who created the problem for them in the first place. There are reports that Trump is thinking about endorsing Spencer Pratt. I don't know if this is an actual report or if this is hoping to erode some of the support for Spencer Pratt, because for all of the clout that Trump does have in certain parts of the country, I think most of us can agree Los Angeles is not one of them. And what Spencer Pratt is, is really gunning towards right now. He recognizes he has to convert a lot of Democrats over. He has to convert a lot of people who hate Donald Trump over to his side, which is why, wisely, he has made it very clear— while people label him Republican, he's like, I'm, I'm just a guy that is running to make things better. I do not think of myself as being a member of any particular political party. I consider myself as a really angry Los Angeles resident whose house unnecessarily burned to the ground. And he, he, he's targeting, um, all sorts of, of categories of people, most recently yoga moms that in Los Angeles certainly aren't Trump supporters. And I think he's been very, very, very wise in using some of the talk directly and playing to the people like Trump does, utilizing social media like Mam Donnie does. And being able to drum up a level of support that normally a, quote, white guy, which he's being criticized for being by racists in the Democrat Party, a level of support somebody like that would not normally get in Los Angeles. And some of those people that may— in fact, he's running, uh, one of the many social media ads he's running right now are a bunch of yoga moms, Los Angeles yoga moms that are secretly supporters of, of Spencer Pratt, and they're kind of whispering about it. In the whole idea is to create this sense that it's okay if you hate Trump to vote— it's okay if you hate Republicans to vote Spencer. That doesn't matter, you know. Yes, he's not some liberal left-winger, but it's okay. And giving permission for some of these people on the left to sort of quietly vote for him. And the idea of Donald Trump coming out and supporting him, I do not think would help. I, I think it would hurt, being that it's Los Angeles. And I don't know that it isn't a story that's being planted more so to try and erode support away from Spencer Pratt and, and try and deny him even being in the top 2 vote-getters in the election just a couple of weeks from today. Springfield's Talk 104.1, I'm Nick Reed. Update on the weather moments from now. First, the latest traffic update.

[20:43] **Speaker C:** Springfield's Talk 104.1, the First Alert forecast from Ozarks First meteorologist Tom Schmidt, sponsored by J&S Automotive. Today we'll see showers and thunderstorms throughout the day with a high near 76. Tonight cloudy with a low around 56. For your Wednesday, a slight chance for showers in the morning, otherwise mostly cloudy with a high near 66. And for Thursday, we'll see a 50% chance of showers with a high near 73.

[21:11] **Speaker B:** One last bit of— I don't know if it's amusing, if it's nefarious, but storyline regarding the LA's race, obviously the fires and the devastating destruction from the fires that still exist today. Because of an either unwillingness or lack of ability of the Democrats to successfully govern. You know, that's, that's a big part of this election. And it was noticed within the last several days that if you went to Google Maps, it swapped out the imagery of all of the destruction with nice little neighborhoods as they once upon a time existed. As you can imagine, this caught a great deal of attention, Spencer Pratt being one of them, simply posting to Google, WTF. And Google responded saying that it is a technical issue that's been fixed. And post-fire imagery is rolling out again now across Google Maps and Earth, and that it was just part of a routine update, that, that it was a goof. And it's what we have come to learn is consistently the sort of goof that only benefits one side. When Trump was running, constantly there would be, you know, a disinformation or imagery that popped up that was counter to a narrative of the Trump campaign, and when the social media sites would get called out on it, oh, it was an update, it was an error in coding, oh, it was some new person that, that accidentally did this, but don't worry, we fixed the problem. It never really seems to go the other way. Isn't that remarkable? In reality if you do want to believe that these things aren't accidental and coincidentally the sort of updates that always seem to benefit the Democrats, uh, they at this point I think really work against them because people don't trust these outlets any longer. And when they see something like that occur, they no longer believe it was an accident, it was a standard update, it was an oopsie daisies, because that has been an excuse too many times. It's kind of— I think it's boneheaded anyhow. I, I just— and I suppose every so often it could once in a while be an innocent update or upgrade, but more times than not, I'm sure it isn't. And these are the, the sort of things that at this point tend to help the Republican, help Trump, help the conservative. Because it simply reinforces for the average person what it is that average Americans are up against. Now here's something that may have flown under the radar for a number of you. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee yesterday interviewed a jail guard who claimed to be the last person to see convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein alive, Politico reported. Tova Noel was one of the two prison guards on duty at the Metropolitan Correction Center in New York City on August 9, 2019, the night before Epstein was found dead in his cell. Just a handful of the committee's dozens of members were present for the transcribed closed-door interview with Noel, according to Politico. According to lawmakers, Noel received a total of $12,000 in cash deposits from April 2018 to July of 2019, ABC News reported Monday. Noel made a $5,000 cash deposit just 10 days before Epstein's body was found, according to the New York Post. Democratic New Mexico Representative Melanie Stansbury, who was one of the few committee members to attend a portion of the interview, blamed the committee's Republican majority which she called chaotic and its constant changing of the schedule for the lackluster turnout of lawmakers, the outlet reported. The Democrat added that she thought Noel had testified honestly. The House is not conducting a vote until Wednesday according to the lower chamber's schedule. Committee Chairman James Comer, Kentucky Republican, did not take part in the interview due to a family matter, a committee spokesperson, spokesperson told Politico. Spokesperson for Comer told the Daily Caller News Foundation that a transcript of the interview is set to be released as soon as possible, but declined to immediately comment. Democrat Virginia Rep. Suhas Subramanian, a committee member, told C-SPAN outside the closed-door interview that his takeaway is that the system once again failed survivors and failed to bring Jeffrey Epstein to justice. It was clear incompetence and just a lack of oversight over Jeffrey Epstein that led him to being able to commit suicide, emphasizing, I do not believe that he did commit suicide, or rather, I do believe that he committed suicide, but I do think he, Epstein, was treated different from the other inmates. Jeffrey Epstein got special treatment in that facility. He had access to extra bed linens, which helped him commit suicide. Noel told investigators back in 2021 she thought she was the last person to see Epstein alive before his purported suicide, which has since spurred numerous theories about what actually happened during those final hours. The guard typed a Google search query for "latest on Epstein in jail" twice on the early morning of August 10th, 2019, with both attempts coming less than an hour before the sex offender was found dead, according to the New York Post. Noel, a relatively inexperienced correction officer at the time, was conducting an inmate count around 10 PM on August 9th at the MCC, where she said she plugged in Epstein's sleep apnea device upon his request, the Miami Herald reported. She told investigators that while nothing seemed unusual with Epstein at the time, exceptions were being made for him because he was Epstein. She said that One of those exceptions was allowing him to use the device, which had a long cord, something no other inmate was allowed to have access to. In November of 2019, 3 months after Epstein's death, prosecutors filed charges against Noel and Michael Thomas, the other MCC security guard on duty on the night of August 9th, 2019, alleging that the guards fell asleep on the job, failed to adequately carry out their duties, and falsified records to hide this. Federal prosecutors eventually dropped the charges against Noel and Thomas, who were both fired in December of '21 while the trial against Epstein's co-conspirator Ghislaine Maxwell was ongoing. Noel, an Army veteran, graduated college in 2017, started work for the Federal Bureau of Prisons in 2018, the year before Epstein's death, according to PBS. So take it for what it's worth, The one of the things that I did always find to be somewhat of a contradiction is to validate the claim that he committed suicide was that he was suicidal. This is what, you know, some of, of the, the, um some of the, the validating information was. But then they had also taken him off of suicide watch. That to me seems like the sort of thing that you would do if all of that information is accurate, if you were hoping the person did commit suicide. And I also don't know— this is a new bit of information that may mean nothing It seems to me if you are going to commit suicide unprompted, you probably have it planned out a day or two in advance. You think, all right, today's the day I'm going to do it. Why would you have a sleep apnea device Why would you request it to be plugged in for usage if you're just going to commit suicide? That, that seems to me like the sort of thing you wouldn't be worried about. I mean, if my plan is to commit suicide, I'm not worried about whether or not I'm going to have a good night's sleep because I'm going to be committing suicide. Now, I suppose arguably at any given moment a person can just up and decide, go from, nope, I'm planning on sleeping tonight and I want I want a good night's sleep, which is why I requested my sleep apnea machine to be plugged in, and then suddenly deciding, no, you know what, I'm going to kill myself after all. I get anything is possible, but that, that sleep apnea machine request just seems a bit odd to come from someone who is planning to come to kill himself. Springfield's Talk 104.1, I'm Nick Reed. Sarah Myers.

[31:18] **Speaker C:** Thank you. Foreman Mechanical Heating and Air. Summer is right around the corner, and if your AC is already struggling to keep up, now is the time to get the issues addressed before it gets hot. And my go-to guys are always Foreman Mechanical Heating and Air. Now, I've used them for everything from repairs to a new unit install about a year ago. They've installed a couple of mini-split units out at my parents' home, and I have even used them for that 24/7 emergency service line for my water heater about a months ago at this point. And honestly, their friendliness and their expertise is why I always use them and I always recommend them. So if you are out there looking for a great HVAC company, you've definitely found it with Russell and his team. If it is time to have them out to your home or your business, reach out to Foreman Mechanical. You can do that at foremanmechanical.com, and of course you can find all of their contact information under the Sarah's Endorsements tab at ksgf.com.

[32:14] **Speaker B:** Couple of separate stories here, but both are indications as to why it is that we desperately need to shore up our election integrity, and why it is all that much more egregious that under the so-called leadership of Thune in the Senate as a Republican, his refusal to get this done is outrageous. You've got Town Hall reporting on President Trump calling for the Department of Justice to open an investigation into the state of Maryland after they sent out mail-in ballots to individuals of the incorrect political party of the state's closed primary election. After the mistake, the Maryland Board of Elections made the decision to mail out additional ballots despite having no ability to indicate which ballots were originally sent out incorrectly. Election officials have not publicly released a plan for how to invalidate the original ballots. Well, that's because there is no plan, nor arguably could there be one. I mean, they're out there. You have, you have mailed out duplicate ballots to people. You know, this is part of the wonders of mail-in balloting. Dan Cox, a candidate in the gubernatorial race, criticized the decision as it creates an environment for doubling the potential for voter fraud via mail-in ballots. Well, sure, of course it does. Trump's statement laid the blame at the feet of Maryland's Democrat Governor Wes Moore, saying that the move was to make sure the Democrats win. Quote, in addition, many of these ballots went to Democrats, so any Republican running for Maryland doesn't have a chance, Trump said in a post on Truth Social. This was done by the corrupt governor of the state, Wes Moore. He allowed this to happen in order to make sure Democrats win. It never made sense to me that Maryland was considered an automatic Democrat state, but now I see why. I'm sure this has gone on for years. I'm going to ask the Attorney General of the United States and the DOJ to bring an immediate investigation into the situation, Trump added. The Maryland primary elections will be held June 23rd. Now, I don't know Whether these ballots were disproportionately sent to Democrats, I don't know if there's a way to determine that, but shouldn't that be irrelevant? Every time there is some form of complete cluster when it comes to voting and Democrats are in charge, they go to great lengths to point out that it's not corruption, it's just incompetence. They just don't know what they're doing. How is that any better? I mean, when it really comes down to it, obviously, but in terms of motivation, I suppose if you had some sort of election that was all screwy because of duplicate ballots being sent out to half a million people. Is that the right number? 500,000? Maybe that was a separate story I read that there was some massive number. Maybe it wasn't that, but it's a significant amount. And I suppose ideally, if that does occur, you'd like to think it isn't for nefarious purposes. But if that means you can't trust the outcome of the election, you still can't trust the outcome of the election. The Democrats have created this sense that as long as it's incompetence, it's okay. Oh, don't worry about it, it was just a— it was just human error. Oh, it was not an attempt to cheat. Does that really make it better in terms of the outcome of the election and the people of whatever state or the country or the county, wherever it is, not having any clue whether or not that winner is a legitimate winner. I don't care if it's incompetency or corruption. I care about putting people in charge that stop it from happening. And it is amazing how low the standards have become for Democrat voters, that they are perfectly at ease and comfortable with this constantly occurring in counties and in, in jurisdictions with election boards run by Democrats. And they're perfectly comfortable with the fact that, you know, they're told that we're just a bunch of idiots that don't know how to do this properly. Oh, okay. 5 stars for you. Ozarks Elder Law. I think one of the most shocking revelations for a lot of people, whether it's, God forbid, their own personal experience or just the sharing of information— and I talked about this with Lori Rook on Friday— The, the belief that as long as you're married, you have medical power of attorney over your spouse should they— let's say they're in a coma and that decision comes whether to do this or whether to do that. In Missouri, you do not have that authority unless you have it spelled out and in legal documents. I know that's shocking to people. That was like one of the huge arguments during the whole gay marriage thing. Remember, it was all built upon this idea that it isn't fair because, you know, it's the only way that a spouse is able to make those decisions. That's irrelevant in a lot of states, and Missouri is one of them, unless again you have that stuff locked down. Ozarks Elder Law can do it for you. Now, they do so much else as well, um, you know, whether it's medical power of attorney or over your finances, talking about nursing home care, how to pay for that, uh, how it is to leave assets to family members without them being jerked around by the government and, and being charged out the yahoo for the pleasure of you dying, which government loves to do that death tax thing. They can help you set all of that up to secure things the way that you want them, best as possible. 10 area locations, consultations free to let you know what you need to do and what it'll cost to get it done. OzartsElderLaw.com, also under Nick's Endorsements at KSGF.com. Uh, you know, I mentioned the story in Maine and the massive voter fraud there, and then the is in California. Just last week it was revealed that they found batches of uncounted ballots regarding redistricting. And Just the News has a story about the DOJ exposing two 20-year-long California cheating schemes that have been going on out there, including a guilty plea by, uh, Brenda Lee Brown Armstrong, a felony charge, and, and, uh, Marina Del Rey 64 of California and are in Marina Del Rey. But anyhow, these are plea deals in which they've acknowledged for decades and decades they've been illegally paying people to get registered. And you've got just the ability to cheat because of lax voter restriction laws.

[39:41] **Speaker A:** Insurance isn't one size fits all. That's why customers have enjoyed Progressive's Name Your Price tool for years now. With the Name Your Price tool, you tell them what you want to pay, and they'll show you options that fit your budget. So whether you're picking out your first policy or just looking for something that works better for you and your family, they make it easy to see your options. Visit progressive.com. Find a rate that works for you with the Name Your Price tool. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.
