# Winning Report: All the News, Except We WIN

**Show:** Rogue Soul
**Date Published:** 2026-06-26
**Date Found:** 2026-06-27
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/winning-report-all-the-news-except-we-win--72708650?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 85 minutes

## Summary

This 85-minute episode of Rogue Soul mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Rogue Soul

## Key Moment

> "Oh right, uh, leftist anti-Trump protesters set up portable toilets near the White House and are asking people to defecate inside in order to, um, like poop on Trump. They're just pretending that like Trump's in the toilet and then you poop on him. This was one of their counter-protests to like the 250th celebrations. Um, pretty weird, pretty lame. I guess go poop in a porta-potty if that makes you feel good about whatever you're doing in life. Uh, okay, okay, okay. This is— a lot of these are just more about Iran stuff going well. Uh, the Swiss have voted by 54% to 46% to reject a $10 million— uh, sorry, 10 million person population cap in Switzerland. Um, good. It's a weird thing to do. It's like China, right? The one-child policy. They're gonna have to do things like that. On the other hand, if it would keep like mass immigration from happening, maybe it'd be a good move. For now. I don't know, but it seems more like they're rejecting the, uh, you know, heavy birth control, heavy-handed birth control, basically. What's this? Okay, I don't know. This is more of the stuff I already covered in some of the more esoteric you know, World Cup, FIFA sorts of things. Oh, by the way, I guess we didn't have a fake alien invasion during one of the soccer games, so that psychic I think was wrong. Or what she said, did she say the 24th or the 28th? Now I can't remember. Maybe it's still a few days away that that might happen. We'll see. Oh, I don't think so, by the way, but you know, who am I? Oh, we've got also I don't know, we'll see what that is in a second. A clean reflecting pool. Oh, this is funny. This is a list of things that triggered leftists this week. A clean reflecting pool, that triggered them. They didn't want to see it clean. They like dirty, disgusting things that just reflect back at them the dirty, horrible state of their own consciousness and soul. Um, a name on a building triggered them. A murderer getting convicted of murder triggered them. That was the Carmelo Anthony one. A sporting event at the White House, that triggered them. A successful IPO, that was the SpaceX, you know, making everybody millionaires, that was triggering to them. And welders and janitors becoming millionaires because of that triggered them. Yeah, they're pretty messed up people who can't be happy about very simple things. But, uh, yeah, here's the welder that worked at SpaceX. He received $10,000 in stock and was paid $28 an hour for 10 years. Then after his IPO, SpaceX stake is now worth about $1 million. One of 4,400 employees who became millionaires, by the way. Again, an immigrant. You'd think the left would be like, whoa, yay immigrants, and they're millionaires now, but they can't because they're miserable people who only know hate in their heart. They only know how to hate things. Um, voters in LA were overwhelmingly rejecting the sales tax increase on the ballot, but then after the election, late mail-in ballots surged and pushed through the sales tax increase. Oh, it sounds like the Spencer Pratt thing, and it sounds like every state that has mail-in voting. They just use it to get through anything they want to get through. So it's so rigged, so gross. Gotta do away with the mail-in voting. Gotta do away with it. Got to— I do not know what this is or why I have it. It's in German, so I can't read it to you. It's probably funny, it's probably amazing, but we will never know. Uh, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney says Canadians will be forced to be part of the next world order that will emerge from Europe soon. So he's not seeing the signs that that world order has died. A different New World Order, it's definitely risen and has control, and he doesn't know it yet. So he still thinks Canada is going to be part of the old New World Order. Uh, there was a lemonade stand robbed at gunpoint in Boston. Uh, the community was so disgusted and outraged that they encouraged them to open another lemonade stand. Turned into just thousands of people coming through to buy lemonade from this lemonade stand. So cool, so cool. Can you imagine robbing kids at gunpoint? Like, man, your crack habit is really killing your soul here. You're dying. Very cool though, very big win. I love when communities come together in these types of ways. Uh, we already talked about that. Elon Musk is a trillionaire. Okay, about that, there's so much of this, it just is doubled up. Uh, podcaster Larry Reed called for a mass exodus of Black Americans to Africa after the Carmelo Anthony verdict. Go for it, dude. Fucking Africa, man. Get there. Love it. This is the best. I don't think most Black people are going to do that. Uh, President Trump also opened 500,000 square miles that Obama made sure only foreign nations could fish in. But now it's back to our fishing. That's good for us. Good job to Trump. Uh, the cross burning incident in Chicago turned out to be, uh, an Asian man who wanted attention or something and not actually against— it wasn't white supremacy, basically, is what they said. Cross burning, oh, the racist! It's never the racist, by the way. It's always either Black people, or in this case, Asian people who are doing it, not white people. But that's another story. Again, we have Ireland, Dublin going nuts against immigration, burning things, mass protests. Very cool to see that. Dr. Stacy Patton is a professor at Harvard University. She wrote an entire article blaming Austin Matcalf and his family for his murder. Not Carmelo Anthony, who used a knife to stab him in the heart, but his family, his own family. It's his fault, their fault. They made him a toxic white male and that's why he got killed. Okey-dokey. What about Carmelo Anthony's family, who made him an actually toxic black male? Maybe that's, maybe that's important. No. Um, eh, I don't care about that. Major crackdown on social media in Ireland because Irish people are doing such a good job being against immigration lately. Uh, tens of thousands of Spencer Pratt voters received rejection letters from their county clerk saying their ballots weren't counted because of irregularities in their signature. We've shown that if you vote left, you can even have a smiley face as your signature. You can have nothing as your signature. Your signature doesn't have to match anything at all. But if you're a Republican, now your signature has to match, and it will be scrutinized so closely. So tens of thousands— I really, I think Spencer Pratt would win if we actually had real voting. I don't even think it's close. I don't even think it is. People are like, oh, but he still wouldn't have won, he just would have been second. No, I think he would have won. I think LA's done with this shit. But how will we know? Uh, Black advocates have also moved to have Austin Metcalf's brother arrested for what? Oh, accessory to murder. What? These people are crazy. They're all crazy. They want attention, money, and power. That's it. Uh, the Pentagon went on lockdown last week. This is because hazmat teams responded to a hazardous materials incident. Uh, didn't see anything else about that. I don't know if it was actually any kind of attack or just someone left cocaine somewhere, most likely. I don't know. And we got that net swing of 43,000 votes once the mail-in votes were coming in for Spencer Pratt— against him, rather, in that election. So again, impossible, statistically impossible for that to happen, but that's what happened allegedly, and they're probably not going to reverse it. And finally, we've got ActBlue CEO invoking the Fifth Amendment 22 times during a House probe into foreign donation vetting. ActBlue, remember, is like the big Democrat— all these little sub-Democrat and sub-leftist and sub, like, trans-TEA organizations are connected to ActBlue, and they had this foreign donation vetting problem. And 22 times 22 times she invoked the Fifth Amendment. Um, so clearly they're guilty. Clearly they have something to hide. Neville Singham, that billionaire from China, is one of the top things they're hiding. And, uh, other Chinese influence, I'm sure they would also love to hide. So that's how the Democrats roll. They will get China involved. They will give them all of the power they need. Our media also give them all the power they need so that you really believe things aren't actually true, uh, hate our country and work actively to help them destroy it from the outside. And the more I learned about that years ago, the more I became a patriot. I've been to China, I've seen it. I recently heard a 7-year-old say, "Oh, that's old China. New China is way better." I'm sure they'd love for you to believe that. And if they actually get better on human rights, on the environment, um, and on treating their people well, God bless them. I'll love it. I don't see it yet. And until I do, travel well, aim for balance, and always look inside first."
> — Speaker C at 73:01
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [73:01] Speaker C: "Oh right, uh, leftist anti-Trump protesters set up portable toilets near the White House and are asking people to defecate inside in order to, um, like poop on Trump. They're just pretending that like Trump's in the toilet and then you poop on him. This was one of their counter-protests to like the 250th celebrations. Um, pretty weird, pretty lame. I guess go poop in a porta-potty if that makes you feel good about whatever you're doing in life. Uh, okay, okay, okay. This is— a lot of these are just more about Iran stuff going well. Uh, the Swiss have voted by 54% to 46% to reject a $10 million— uh, sorry, 10 million person population cap in Switzerland. Um, good. It's a weird thing to do. It's like China, right? The one-child policy. They're gonna have to do things like that. On the other hand, if it would keep like mass immigration from happening, maybe it'd be a good move. For now. I don't know, but it seems more like they're rejecting the, uh, you know, heavy birth control, heavy-handed birth control, basically. What's this? Okay, I don't know. This is more of the stuff I already covered in some of the more esoteric you know, World Cup, FIFA sorts of things. Oh, by the way, I guess we didn't have a fake alien invasion during one of the soccer games, so that psychic I think was wrong. Or what she said, did she say the 24th or the 28th? Now I can't remember. Maybe it's still a few days away that that might happen. We'll see. Oh, I don't think so, by the way, but you know, who am I? Oh, we've got also I don't know, we'll see what that is in a second. A clean reflecting pool. Oh, this is funny. This is a list of things that triggered leftists this week. A clean reflecting pool, that triggered them. They didn't want to see it clean. They like dirty, disgusting things that just reflect back at them the dirty, horrible state of their own consciousness and soul. Um, a name on a building triggered them. A murderer getting convicted of murder triggered them. That was the Carmelo Anthony one. A sporting event at the White House, that triggered them. A successful IPO, that was the SpaceX, you know, making everybody millionaires, that was triggering to them. And welders and janitors becoming millionaires because of that triggered them. Yeah, they're pretty messed up people who can't be happy about very simple things. But, uh, yeah, here's the welder that worked at SpaceX. He received $10,000 in stock and was paid $28 an hour for 10 years. Then after his IPO, SpaceX stake is now worth about $1 million. One of 4,400 employees who became millionaires, by the way. Again, an immigrant. You'd think the left would be like, whoa, yay immigrants, and they're millionaires now, but they can't because they're miserable people who only know hate in their heart. They only know how to hate things. Um, voters in LA were overwhelmingly rejecting the sales tax increase on the ballot, but then after the election, late mail-in ballots surged and pushed through the sales tax increase. Oh, it sounds like the Spencer Pratt thing, and it sounds like every state that has mail-in voting. They just use it to get through anything they want to get through. So it's so rigged, so gross. Gotta do away with the mail-in voting. Gotta do away with it. Got to— I do not know what this is or why I have it. It's in German, so I can't read it to you. It's probably funny, it's probably amazing, but we will never know. Uh, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney says Canadians will be forced to be part of the next world order that will emerge from Europe soon. So he's not seeing the signs that that world order has died. A different New World Order, it's definitely risen and has control, and he doesn't know it yet. So he still thinks Canada is going to be part of the old New World Order. Uh, there was a lemonade stand robbed at gunpoint in Boston. Uh, the community was so disgusted and outraged that they encouraged them to open another lemonade stand. Turned into just thousands of people coming through to buy lemonade from this lemonade stand. So cool, so cool. Can you imagine robbing kids at gunpoint? Like, man, your crack habit is really killing your soul here. You're dying. Very cool though, very big win. I love when communities come together in these types of ways. Uh, we already talked about that. Elon Musk is a trillionaire. Okay, about that, there's so much of this, it just is doubled up. Uh, podcaster Larry Reed called for a mass exodus of Black Americans to Africa after the Carmelo Anthony verdict. Go for it, dude. Fucking Africa, man. Get there. Love it. This is the best. I don't think most Black people are going to do that. Uh, President Trump also opened 500,000 square miles that Obama made sure only foreign nations could fish in. But now it's back to our fishing. That's good for us. Good job to Trump. Uh, the cross burning incident in Chicago turned out to be, uh, an Asian man who wanted attention or something and not actually against— it wasn't white supremacy, basically, is what they said. Cross burning, oh, the racist! It's never the racist, by the way. It's always either Black people, or in this case, Asian people who are doing it, not white people. But that's another story. Again, we have Ireland, Dublin going nuts against immigration, burning things, mass protests. Very cool to see that. Dr. Stacy Patton is a professor at Harvard University. She wrote an entire article blaming Austin Matcalf and his family for his murder. Not Carmelo Anthony, who used a knife to stab him in the heart, but his family, his own family. It's his fault, their fault. They made him a toxic white male and that's why he got killed. Okey-dokey. What about Carmelo Anthony's family, who made him an actually toxic black male? Maybe that's, maybe that's important. No. Um, eh, I don't care about that. Major crackdown on social media in Ireland because Irish people are doing such a good job being against immigration lately. Uh, tens of thousands of Spencer Pratt voters received rejection letters from their county clerk saying their ballots weren't counted because of irregularities in their signature. We've shown that if you vote left, you can even have a smiley face as your signature. You can have nothing as your signature. Your signature doesn't have to match anything at all. But if you're a Republican, now your signature has to match, and it will be scrutinized so closely. So tens of thousands— I really, I think Spencer Pratt would win if we actually had real voting. I don't even think it's close. I don't even think it is. People are like, oh, but he still wouldn't have won, he just would have been second. No, I think he would have won. I think LA's done with this shit. But how will we know? Uh, Black advocates have also moved to have Austin Metcalf's brother arrested for what? Oh, accessory to murder. What? These people are crazy. They're all crazy. They want attention, money, and power. That's it. Uh, the Pentagon went on lockdown last week. This is because hazmat teams responded to a hazardous materials incident. Uh, didn't see anything else about that. I don't know if it was actually any kind of attack or just someone left cocaine somewhere, most likely. I don't know. And we got that net swing of 43,000 votes once the mail-in votes were coming in for Spencer Pratt— against him, rather, in that election. So again, impossible, statistically impossible for that to happen, but that's what happened allegedly, and they're probably not going to reverse it. And finally, we've got ActBlue CEO invoking the Fifth Amendment 22 times during a House probe into foreign donation vetting. ActBlue, remember, is like the big Democrat— all these little sub-Democrat and sub-leftist and sub, like, trans-TEA organizations are connected to ActBlue, and they had this foreign donation vetting problem. And 22 times 22 times she invoked the Fifth Amendment. Um, so clearly they're guilty. Clearly they have something to hide. Neville Singham, that billionaire from China, is one of the top things they're hiding. And, uh, other Chinese influence, I'm sure they would also love to hide. So that's how the Democrats roll. They will get China involved. They will give them all of the power they need. Our media also give them all the power they need so that you really believe things aren't actually true, uh, hate our country and work actively to help them destroy it from the outside. And the more I learned about that years ago, the more I became a patriot. I've been to China, I've seen it. I recently heard a 7-year-old say, "Oh, that's old China. New China is way better." I'm sure they'd love for you to believe that. And if they actually get better on human rights, on the environment, um, and on treating their people well, God bless them. I'll love it. I don't see it yet. And until I do, travel well, aim for balance, and always look inside first."

## Full Transcript

[00:01] **Speaker A:** Oh, I have had no luck lately. Wait, Lady Luck?

[00:05] **Speaker B:** Britski, I got you. I've had so much luck on SpinQuest.com. They have all of my favorite games: slot games, live blackjack, craps, and bubble craps. You can even get a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[00:18] **Speaker C:** $10 for 30?

[00:19] **Speaker D:** I'm headed over to SpinQuest.com right now.

[00:22] **Speaker A:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details.

[00:31] **Speaker D:** This July 4th at Lowe's, get up to 45% off select major appliances. Plus, save $80 on a select Char-Broil Performance Series gas grill, now $299. Our best lineup is here at Lowe's. Lowe's, we help, you save. Valid through 7/8, while supplies last. Selection varies by location. See lowes.com for more details.

[00:55] **Speaker C:** Visit your nearby Lowe's. Sweet eternal balance of all that is good, true, and beautiful, friends. Welcome back to Rogue Soul, where tonight it is the winning report. I'm in my festive regalia because I'm so excited that it is the 250th anniversary of our country's birth. Best country on Earth, objectively. Speaking. And so I'm very— I'm pumped up. I got it. And I am back after a little bit of a break. I've had some episodes, as you have noticed, but I haven't been live in a while because I've been at the retreat. The Blazing Brightness Summer Solstice Retreat was another massive success. So good to be able to do this work. I feel so blessed to be able to have all of you who are also excited to do spiritual upliftment, wellness, psychological, mental, emotional health of upliftment and also healing the world, the collective, the universe. In fact, yes, there's nothing too big for us to heal because when we heal all of ourselves, we heal all of the Earth. So I'm so blessed, I'm so excited that I got to do that retreat this year, got to have a little bit of a time in paradise in Eden in the Pacific Northwest. It was so beautiful. It's not always the case. If you know the Pacific Northwest, you know that it rains all year long. Even in the summer, might be cloudy and rainy a lot of the time, and was not the case this time. We got sun, we got blue skies. It was amazing. Uh, now it's super hot back home in Colorado, so I love it. I'll take it. I like the thunderstorms, keep them coming. Um, but yep, summer solstice has come and gone. Now we're officially in summer. The days are technically getting shorter, although you won't really notice until fall, right? It'll still be light out late and all of that good stuff. And by the way, speaking of solstices, equinoxes, all of this retreat work, I'm going to, I think, try to do the retreat in spring if I feel that guidance says yes, that I'm called to do that. So if you've been, you know, if summer isn't quite your jam or you're often booked up in the summer, this might be your year 2027 to do it. Ablazing Brightness. Equinox retreat for the spring. So we'll see how it works out. We'll see if that's what guidance says, if that's what I feel called to do. But, um, it feels aligned so far. I haven't dug too deep into it in the message system, but, uh, we'll see. So that could be exciting too. One more thing before we get into the winning report proper tonight is that the blessing coming up for the full moon— full moon, full moon, yeah, full moon this Monday, uh, that will be the 29th. So if you haven't yet booked your spot, this is again, most of my blessings are this way. Most of my events are this way where they're live. You know, it's via Zoom. Once you register, you get the link. You can come join us live if you can. You don't have to be there live because I do record it. No one ever sees that recording except you and other people who are registered. And that recording usually stays available for at least 7 days. So you can join us either live or not. Register either way. And then you get that recording. And the cool thing too, if you join us live or not, to have that recording is that you can revisit it as many times as you want. And generally, not only is the blessing so powerful and so beautiful and just shifts so much in our energy field and our consciousness and our heart and our mind, um, but then it's often a guided meditation as well on the way to the, the blessing proper. And so you get to meditate again and again in this really beautiful way, in this guided immersed in the highest source field. So very excited about that. I'll be talking more about it not tonight, but another episode coming up. Otherwise, let's get into it tonight with all the news. But remembering that we win. We win because we know that we are souls primarily, matter in a body secondarily. And that's all you need to know to win. And so big things happening. This is crazy. This just came out right before I started tonight. I'm at a place in my life where I frickin' love it. This is Texas State Board of Education votes to require 5 million public school students to read and study the Bible. You know, this is going to be a nightmare for liberals. That's part of why I love it. The Bible is an amazing document, whether you feel like you're, you know, have a Christian sort of leanings in your life or not. It's an incredible document just from a historical perspective. So just reading it as a historical document, just reading it as a cultural document in itself is really fascinating. To read it as a religious document, a spiritual document, is also beautiful. And again, even if you're not a Christian, you can find layers and layers of encoded depth and beauty in that text. So I love it for so many reasons. I also happen to love Jesus Christ, so I also like that the Gospels are read. So I'm excited for Texas. I'm most excited as well because there has been so much communist and Islamist propaganda in our country, uh, that is degrading our sense of, uh, self, our sense of a nation, having any sort of national love or respect. You know, wearing these colors I'm wearing right now to a lot of people is a deeply disgusting and even disrespectful thing. So, which is why I'm really happy to do it. And, uh, Yeah, so we'll see, you know, if this can help bring back a little bit of love of our culture, our collective past, uh, as, you know, as the Western world here in the United States. So I, I imagine there's gonna be a ton of outrage, a ton of pushback. I know there's going to be tons of liberals who specifically take their kids out of those classes, just like a lot of people do for sex ed and other things, you know, all the gender stuff. So it's going to be interesting to see where this all eventually falls out. But this is part of that pendulum swinging back to the other side, right? You went so far in the face of hating this country, hating white people, hating our culture, pretending we don't have culture, you know, and all of this, that here's where you go when you push too hard. You get the pushback. So, uh, very interesting times in Texas. And, uh, computer, as it has been lately, is being a little bit silly, but we'll get through this. Uh, Trump also has come out, said the U.S. must remain one nation under God. We got a lot of God going on lately. We went from politicians never— sometimes they'd say God, but you'd kind of be like, well, which God you talking about, right? Because to you it might be Moloch is a god, all right? Or there's all these other supposed gods which are actually often demons. And so who you really talking about or who you talking to? But when you say Jesus, that's different. There's no mistaking who you're talking about. That energy of Jesus, the consciousness of Jesus, the godliness of Jesus, you know, there it is. And Trump and all his people say Jesus, they talk about Jesus Christ, and they talk about being committed to him and loving him. And so when, when he says one nation under God, I know which God he's talking about. Um, you know, a lot of people might say, oh, he's faking that, or it's not real. That's cool with me. Demons can't say the name Jesus Christ, so I'm happy to hear a person say it, and they're good enough for me if they do. Uh, so that's cool. And, you know, other problems aside, I do think we have to remain one nation under God, at the very least have a sense of nation and a sense of God, in order to combat things like communism, which are soul killers, community killers, consciousness killers, and culture killers. Uh, so it doesn't— I don't care, I don't care what people's faith is, but if people just at least know that they have a soul and there is something that you can call God, that is the oneness consciousness or the source, right? The creator energy, then cool. Good enough, right? Good enough. Better than the godless communist anti-theology that has been taking over the world for many decades. Trump also delivered a hammer to Europe saying no more digital tax games. There's a lot of this going on where These European countries have a lot of anti-freedom of speech. If you say this or that or post this or that, then you're going to get a fine, you're going to get in trouble. And Trump saying you can't do that anymore. And if you do, you're going to have tariffs all over you. And 100%, he's saying tariffs. So I love it. Let's combat the anti-free speech movements in the world. Former Trump National Security Advisor John Bolton has pled guilty to having kept top secret documents. He faces, I think it's a $250,000 fine. I know it's not too huge as far as things go, especially for— oh God, geez, especially— so sorry, my computer's being so, so fun today. But not too much money, but he also faces a few years in prison and he also I think has already gotten hundreds of hours of community service. So it's pretty awesome to think of this class of people, the psychopath class, the predator class, having to do community service. And if that actually happens, like, what a good and humbling thing that that could be. So let's see if we can get that total here. Yeah, I don't really care, but I think it was $250,000. Not too big. Oh no. Oh, oh, it's $2.25 million. Okay. Way bigger. Way bigger. I knew there were some 2s and 5s in there. I wasn't sure how many zeros. Wow. So half of that has to be paid in 5 days from now, from today. So he's not going to get out of that. Good, good, good. So that's what's happening with the John Bolton thing.

[11:41] **Speaker B:** Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday now all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[12:05] **Speaker A:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. Este 4 de julio en Lowe's, ahora hasta 45% en electrodomésticos selectos. Además, ahora 80% $200 en una parrilla a gas Selecta Char-Broil Performance Series, ahora $299. Nuestra mejor selección está aquí en Lowe's. Lowe's, nosotros ayudamos, tú ahorras. Válido hasta 7/8 hasta agotar existencias. Selección varía por lugar. Detalles en lowes.com.

[12:36] **Speaker C:** Visita tu Lowe's más cercano. Uh, 3 major Supreme Court wins also have come in. Uh, just yesterday, uh, you— I can't— are you kidding me, you guys? It's like this only happens when I'm live streaming. I can't even believe it's doing that. It's making me log into everything that I want to see. Good God, you know, you know me, you know how this goes. And like, why can't you— why can't you view things on any social media app without a login? Like, why do I need to log into TikTok to watch a TikTok video? Why do I need to log into Twitter to read someone's tweet? Silly. Anyways, at least two major immigration victories are in this new article I found that I don't have to log into. And the one is the court that held that migrants who are turned away at the border before entering the United States are not entitled to apply for asylum. Also, in another case, the court ruled that Haitian and Syrian nationals in the United States with temporary protected status could not receive judicial relief postponing the revocation of their status while they challenge the efforts to revoke it in court. That means we can deport people with temporary protected status and we do not have to take people who are claiming to need asylum or be refugees. This is a big shift. This is Supreme Court, it's top federal level Supreme Court. So there's no other— this is a final answer. So that's huge for anyone who wanted more deportation to be going on. Temporary protected status was another thing that the Biden administration used to just usher in a ton of people without vetting them or thinking too deeply about it. So a lot of trafficking, a lot of cartel action, a lot of really bad people who are just shoved through without thought. And a lot of those from countries that are full of people who really, really hate America. So not everyone who comes in in those ways is bad. Obviously, but enough of them are intending wrongdoing or have serious records that it is pretty cool that we get to get rid of them. So I like it. I'll take it. It's nice to hear. There's another too. I'm sorry, it's not coming up since that tweet wouldn't come out. But we also have more abuse of Caitlin Clark in the WNBA. If you've ever been following that, she's the white girl who's top of the class. She's the best in the league, and especially Black players tend to beat the shit out of her. So she's getting like kneed in the groin, punched in the throat, thrown on the ground. They like fall on top of her and like, you know, crush her and just really egregious fouls and then not get called for it. Whether that's a racial thing or not on the ref's part, I'm not sure, but it's pretty hard to watch. And so she's had— she's had some more abuse and people are calling for um, you know, finding some of those players. And apparently that's been happening from time to time at least, so it's not like she just gets beat up and nothing ever happens. Uh, but seems to be in the games they don't stop anyone from beating her up, they just find them afterwards. So we'll see if that happens again this time. Um, oh, now I can open Twitter just fine. Great, thanks guys. Okay, so stupid. Oh, and we already got that anyway, so it doesn't matter. But there it is. So we also— and this is the biggest and the saddest news of the week that I've been gone— is just a few days ago we had massive earthquakes in Venezuela. We actually had massive earthquakes all around the Ring of Fire as well, but none of those caused nearly as much horrifying destruction as in Venezuela. In Venezuela, the cities where these hit look like they've been leveled by nuclear war, like they are just rubble. And it's not even necessarily that, you know, it's a kind of lower, you know, economic development sort of area. It's not just that the buildings might not be up to sort of our codes. No, it's that This was 7.2 and then a 7.5 quote unquote aftershock just because it came second, bigger aftershock, and both of them were insanely shallow. So when an earthquake is really deep, it doesn't do as much damage. We had that 9.8 in the Seattle region way back, I don't know, 2000 or so, and it was huge and it did a lot of damage, but all the buildings were still standing. Everything was mostly okay. Really nobody got hurt. And that's because it was 80 miles deep. 80 miles deep. So 9.8, that would have destroyed the entire region, just gone, rubble, dust, nothing left. But instead it was 80 miles deep, and so it was, it was pretty okay. These, uh, if I'm remembering correctly, they were like just a couple miles deep, right at the surface. So a 7.2 at the surface is stronger than a 9.8 80 miles deep. So just horrible. They're saying hundreds of thousands of deaths are what's likely to be, but the official death count right now is in the thousands already. Um, but they're saying hundreds of thousands, which is horrifying. This is worse than that tsunami, uh, back in, uh, Phuket, Thailand back in the day. This might be the biggest disaster I've seen in my life. I, um, it's really, really awful. So prayers, sending good love, good energy, uh, whatever you do, light a candle, um, just be praying for these people because there's a ton of people still alive under the rubble. The size and breadth of this destruction means that not all of the people who are still alive are going to make it out, and that's why that death toll is expected to keep climbing in the days to come. Lots of countries sending aid. It's always beautiful to see people coming together. It's always the case. It's what humans do. I don't remember who it is, Mr. Rogers or Bob Ross or something who said like, look for the helpers, and that's true. It's helpful in this anytime we encounter tragedies like this, to look for that. So we're not just stuck in the sorrow of it. We acknowledge it, you know, the pain of it, the suffering of it. We do what we can to help alleviate that. And then we also remember to look for the helpers. So we remember the human spirit— indomitable, can't stop, can't be stopped. Saw it in Asheville, still going on in Asheville from the chaos that came there from Helene. You know, people are still rebuilding and helping each other do that. Um, and here we're seeing it in Venezuela too. The U.S. has sent a ton of effort, people down there to help with the search and rescue. So too has, uh, uh, Bukele down in El Salvador. Lots of countries are sending aid and support in this time, which is really cool to see. So keep praying for those people. But we had a 5.1 in New Guinea, a 4.9 in the Philippines, a 6.9 in Japan, and a 5.7 '06 down in, uh, it's either right in Southern California or right down in Baja California. I'm not sure which, but, uh, pretty big ones. And it was all because we had that big coronal hole and some major solar energy coming through in the days before. So these were actually again predicted by those people who predict earthquakes and predict volcanic eruptions and these sorts of things when we get those solar winds combined with the coronal mass ejections combined with weakening, uh, magnetosphere, as I've been talking about for years. So, uh, this was not unexpected to people who are paying attention on that level. Really, really sad to see still. Um, yeah, I had a dream last night that the pole flip happened, and, and it felt like first you're being sucked down into the earth, like gravity, you know, like when you're going up in a plane, and then you got kind of thrown into the air, like when you're going down in a plane, and the whole world was shifting around. That was crazy. I actually like felt it in the dream. So, uh, yeah, pretty interesting times we're in. All right, so what else we got here? Postmaster General— the USPS is pissed. Uh, the Postmaster General of the United States Postal Service will not deliver mail-in ballots to states that refuse to comply with Trump administration's request for their voter rolls and to be able to audit their voter rolls. So he's saying you don't get mail-in ballots if you don't do it. This is such a huge win. I can't even hardly handle it. And the U.S. Postal Service is our oldest federal agency. It's the only federal agency that has 100% of the time been in the black. Financially solvent. The United States Postal Service is the only governmental agency we've ever had that's effective and efficient nearly 100% of the time since its inception to now. Dude, COVID, they tried to bring it down, and that was the closest it came, and it's still going. It's the most amazing part of our government. Sounds boring, I know, but it's Actually incredible. So the United States Postal Service is nonpartisan. It's not political. And they do not have a history of in any way stepping in like this. But they're doing it now. And I love it. I hope all the haters go to FedEx and all the places that suck really bad, that are very expensive. And I hope like me and everybody else who loves this country gets to stick with USPS and it gets even better. I love it. I'm so glad. This is the coolest thing I think I've ever seen in government. In our country. Totally unexpected. Such a huge win. Definitely gonna force these people's hands. Who are you gonna have deliver a ballot? You can't have it delivered by anyone except the USPS. That's how it is. You can't have FedEx handling government documents. It's so cool. I love it so much. This is the biggest win of the episode for now. I don't know what else is here. We'll see. I don't even know how much I'm gonna get through. I think there's a lot.

[23:06] **Speaker B:** Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[23:32] **Speaker A:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[23:37] **Speaker E:** Hi, my name is Lisa and I'm a licensed psychotherapist, which means my work doesn't magically end when the session does. There are notes to write, appointments to manage, billing, insurance follow-ups, and somehow all that admin used to creep into my nights and weekends. That's why I switched to SimplePractice. SimplePractice is an all-in-one electronic health record built specifically for therapists with HIPAA-compliant tools and high-trust certification. So I don't have to worry about juggling systems or cutting corners just to keep things running. Scheduling, documentation, billing, insurance, client communications, even automated appointment reminders— it all lives in one place. And if you're starting or growing a practice, SimplePractice also offers a credentialing service that helps simplify insurance enrollment, which can be a huge lift when you're starting to scale. Right now, SimplePractice is celebrating Mental Health Provider Day with an exclusive offer up to 70% off for one year. Yes, up to 70% off for 1 year, but hurry, offer ends May 15th at simplepractice.com. Simplepractice.com.

[24:38] **Speaker C:** Oh, Canada, who, who likes to think the US is racist, denied over 50% of World Cup visitor applications, by the way, just so you know, a little World Cup note for you there. Yeah, we got the earthquakes. Um, now that Iran, uh, seems to be cooling off— I know there was more drones supposedly striking today from Iran, and so the ceasefire was again threatened, and we'll see what happens with it. Um, but otherwise, you know, it seems like things might be coming to an end, at an end, I don't know, we'll see. It's always kind of off and on depending on whose propaganda you're looking at, who— what's actually happening, who knows. But, uh, Trump administration is acting like it's done and looking for $672 million in funding to remove their nuclear materials. So that will be great when that happens. According to Trump, Iran's being very nice and agreeing to everything that he wants, um, otherwise he's just going to keep bombing them. So that's cool. Um, a sexual assault victim is hit with a prison sentence for warning women about African and Arab immigrant men, but her attacker is free. This is crazy. This is like the exact— this is the left. This is communism for everyone. Um, and this is in the UK, of course. In the US, I would hope this wouldn't happen. I hope we don't get to that point. Uh, we seem like we kind of have by putting trans people in prisons, uh, of the gender of their choosing. So like, people, humans with penises are in female prisons raping people. You know, so it's— we don't— we're not that much better, but we have a little bit on the UK at least. Um, but a French woman has been fined, uh, €1,000 a day for saying the main danger to women in France is Black African and Arab immigrant men. Oh, sorry, it's not the UK. They were just saying the UK is not the only European country with a backwards two-tier legal system. This is also in France. Oh, it's awful. Yeah, all of Europe, all of Europe is doing shit like this. No free speech. You're not protected, by the way. We're gonna just mash as many immigrants as we can into your country, and most of them want to rape you. Have fun. Oh, senior ISIS leader Ali Hussein al-Ullawi has been killed in a precision airstrike in northwest Syria. That's what they say, at least. Uh, the Chinese supercomputer Lion Shine in Shenzhen ranked as the world's fastest, dethroning its U.S. counterparts. China's really, really doing its best, man. If China would just stop, uh, with their world domination attempts, they could do a lot better. If they just stop with their human rights abuses, it'd be great, it'd be great. France reports its first case of Ebola from a doctor returning from the Democratic Republic of Congo. Who cares? Again, if you're not licking poop or things covered in poop, you should be just fine. Doesn't really matter, but that's happening in France. We had another mass stabbing, this time in Colorado, again from another trans person. Unfortunately, the media is reporting on this person as just female, This is in fact a biological male who identifies as female who again stabbed all these people. It's making it confusing because if you try to tell people that most of our mass stabbings and shootings in the past 10 years have been trans shooters, they're like, no, oh, look at this one, it was just a guy. And you're like, that was a female pretending to be a guy. Well, this one was just a girl. Like, that was a male pretending to be a girl. So they don't know that it's trans. And part of it is like in Colorado, apparently it's illegal even on the coroner report to identify the person using their biology, and instead you have to use their preferred pronouns and gender. So this person is a biological male, but even on the coroner's report it says female. So hopefully we change that in Colorado because that should be illegal. It should be illegal to misrepresent someone's actual biological gender on any government document. We'll see. Momdani has backed 3 congressional candidates in New York Democratic primaries, and apparently they all won. The communists are taking over the Democratic Party. In fact, someone has said something that's really interesting to me that's probably true, which is that the parties are now essentially, especially as the boomers sort of age out, it's going to be Democratic socialists, so-called, or just socialists, or just communists if you want to get real about it, versus whatever we want to call MAGA, which is sort of like the new Republican right, which is basically anyone who isn't a communist. So the traditional Republican Party, not so much. There's still a lot of it in there. Same with the traditional Democratic Party. A lot of their stuff still in there. But identity-wise and popular-wise, this is what the parties are. And they're saying whoever gets with that concept fastest is going to be the one that wins. Whoever does that branding best, right, and does that sort of propaganda best is going to be the one that has the most success. And I don't think they're wrong. So wise to know if you care, if you're going to run for a position, what you're actually doing, who you're talking to, and what they want to hear. In Germany, train services were suspended as a radio— digital radio system went down, probably because of solar interference. So again, we're having more action from the sun. That was right before all those earthquakes. Um, a deranged lunatic arrested for screaming and assaulting Oklahoma State Troopers who are guarding the Lincoln Reflecting Pool from vandals. Uh, U.S. Park Police slammed the man in the red shirt to the ground, cuffed him on the spot. Uh, so this is what's happening in D.C. because That reflecting pool had been attacked by those crazy people with a very aggressive form of algae. They don't like pretty things that are clean and well done. And so they want everything to be as disgusting as their soul is. And so they poured all of this algae in there, ruined the reflecting pool. We had just put all this money into it to cleaning it. Someone else slashed like a 250-foot cut into the bottom of the surface that they had put on the bottom to keep it brighter looking. And so they're trying to rip that off and ruin it. I mean, these people are just the worst. Um, wood chipper for them perhaps, but probably not. They probably— they could probably just use some counseling with some psilocybin or something, you know. But anyway, they, uh, are also mad now because of this. They've, they've asked whichever states would like to, to sort of come in and help patrol that area so that it's always patrolled. It's not just cameras and AI, there's actually people there. You could actually stop someone if they were trying to do this. And so they've come. So Oklahoma's there and some other states are there. So these Oklahoma state troopers are getting assaulted by this man because he's mad because the left has decided this is constitutionally inappropriate to have outside states' forces in DC. Well, sorry to let you know, but DC isn't a state, and DC is the collective of this country. And so, uh, it's never maybe been ruled on officially before, but as far as we know, any state can send anybody to DC to help patrol because they work— we all work, uh, for, you know, DC essentially, or like can help to protect DC. Uh, so I don't know what their real problem is. I mean, they're mad at anything that Trump does, no matter what. He could literally do anything, no matter what it was, good or bad, they would hate it. You know, so they're mad that there's people from Oklahoma there. So that was the whole thing. That's the whole thing. This guy's freaking out at the cops who, because they're from Oklahoma, he's like, this is unconstitutional. I mean, there's nowhere in the Constitution where it says states can't send, you know, their law enforcement to Washington, DC. That's not in the Constitution. So people are whatever, but they're saying it's the separation of state and federal and whatever. I guess bring it to court then, you know, don't just go verbally assault people who are just walking around peacefully trying to keep our, our collective, you know, statues and memorials and, and things intact. That's all they're doing. What's wrong with that? Nothing, you crazy freaks. Get some therapy, dude. Uh, we now have also this commitment to quantum computing in, uh, the U.S. Howard Lutnick announced that the United States government will be fully implementing Q Quantum computing with $2 billion in US taxpayer funding. Once we have quantum chips, we have to protect everyone in this government, make sure all of us are protected and defended. Um, they're not wrong. I, I know again, people are just like, I don't want this, I don't want AI, I don't want quantum computing. This is old technology. And if our governments and our militaries don't have that, we are all right. We've already lost. It's not prudent nor rational to allow countries who hate us to have all the technology and all the advantage and not give it to ourselves. So I don't— it's just rational. So quantum computing is here. The Q people, of course, as in, um, You know, Trump's Q whatever, I don't know, whatever they're called, Q Patriots. They are like, this is it. This is the moment we've been waiting for. This is the Q drop that corresponds to this Q thing with the quantum computing, the Q. I don't know, maybe I have no idea, but cool. But also I'm just fine with our government having quantum computing finally, like finally, that'd be great. So let's do it. Oh, the federal judge Amy Berman Jackson blocks Trump's admin's plan to ban SNAP users from using food stamps to purchase sugary drinks and candy. Why? Why would you ever block that? Like, it's just silly. Again, anything Trump does is bad, even if it's good. Uh, but I'm sure that'll get overturned. I'm not sure it'll get overturned, but I believe it'll get overturned. These are just another activist judges doing things judges have no business doing.

[35:31] **Speaker F:** Whether it's slots or live dealers, SpinQuest.com has the fun and action you're looking for with SpinQuest exclusives: blackjack, roulette, baccarat, and even live dice with craps and bubble craps. The games never stop so you don't have to, and right now new users get $30 coin packs for just $10. Play now at SpinQuest.com.

[35:54] **Speaker A:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social Casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[36:02] **Speaker D:** From taco night in Tulum to sushi in Tokyo, every bite is rewarding and post-worthy with MX Gold's 4x membership rewards points at restaurants worldwide. Wherever you dine, points are piling up. So bring your friends along for your next course, because it's not all about the posts, it's about the company and the memories. How American Gold from Amex sweeten your next food moment. Learn more at americanexpress.com/explore-gold. Terms and points cap apply.

[36:32] **Speaker C:** Um, today Egypt and Iran are facing off, uh, in a FIFA World Cup in Seattle. It's also very interestingly, you know, Pride Month, and the mayor, uh, Katie Wilson, who's absolutely insane and probably one of the worst mayors that ever existed. Just a nightmare of a socialist, young, naive, really stupid woman. Um, she's called it the Pride Match. FIFA's not calling it the Pride Match, but she's calling it the Pride Match. The, the weirdest part is there's plenty of gay people who love soccer and FIFA, sure, but the type of people who are like all about pride parades and you know, all about like trans story hours and this sort of stuff, they're not into FIFA. In fact, they're in the camp of people who were sure that no one was going to come to America to see FIFA because the whole world hates us, because they have no idea about the world. Actually, they just know about their tiny, tiny, fragile little sick bubble. And so they were wrong, obviously. And, um, And it's not going to be a pride match. Uh, again, Egypt and Iran in general are exceptionally anti-gay, not just a little, but like that's in the roots of the culture, it's in the roots of Islam. That's what they are. They would probably kill you if you were— you can be for them and you can be like, yeah, I'm gay and I'm for Egypt and stuff, but they don't like you. And that's just a fact. So is some Egyptians— like, of course some Egyptians love you. Do some Iranians love gay people? Of course there's always some. In general, those countries would kill you. Their cultures hate you. So this is not a Pride match, but she says it is. Egypt and Iran too, uh, maybe, uh, at least Iran is in the group of countries who have told FIFA, if you try to us do any gay stuff. We're not doing it. We're not wearing gay socks. We're not wearing a gay badge. We're not gonna have any rainbow attire. We're not doing any— we're not singing a gay song. Like, there's gonna be no gay stuff here. Uh, and I'm sure FIFA was like, yeah, sure, we're not a gay organization in general, so you can be free to not be gay. Um, but that's not— that's just right over their heads. They have no idea. They genuinely believe the entire world is just pro-gay and that somehow the US isn't. Like, they don't— they literally don't know that the US is the most gay-friendly place by a factor of a million in the world. It's by far, hands down, irrefutable. They don't know that. Like, they think Iran and Syria are like— Egypt and all these places are like the better somehow. It's crazy. They don't know that Donald Trump is the first and only president to come into office being pro-gay. They don't know that. These people are stupid. They're uninformed. And they might get themselves killed. So, hooray. I hope the match goes well. I'm having fun. I love FIFA now. I've often been in countries while the World Cup was happening and the country I was in, team was in the finals. So I've been around it a lot and I've enjoyed it every time. But I'm like even more about it now. Fair weather, I don't care, this is fun. And, and Seattle— or sorry, the US has won 2 and then didn't win last night, but Turkey did, who had won no games, beat us last night. I think it was 3-2. It was a pretty good game. Turkey was chippy out there. There was some asses getting kicked for sure. It was rough to watch, but, uh, it was a fun game. So anyway, Oh, we're going into the next, the next whatever level of the games, whatever that's called. Okay, ex-founder of Wikipedia Larry Sanger is officially blocked indefinitely from editing Wikipedia. Uh, the charges are lies and misrepresentations. So they're saying, I think, yeah, he's the guy who was like, wow, Wikipedia has become just propaganda and anyone can go in and just make it propaganda. So um, he was trying to maybe counter some of that, and now they've blocked him even though it's his thing. He made it. That's crazy. The left is crazy. Oh, so yeah, the U.S. Treasury— that's what it was in Iran that seemed to be going better. The U.S. Treasury had granted Iran a temporary license, effectively waiving sanctions, allowing the sale of Iranian oil until August 21st. So that's at least for now until August 21st. Um, good or bad, we'll see. Japan's largest power producer, in partnership with major U.S. technology companies, is going to build a $3 billion gas-fired power plant in the U.S. for a co-located data center designed for training large language models, scheduled to begin operating in 2028. Uh, maybe go a little faster, guys, but that's That's cool. I like Japan. The two best countries in the world working together makes me happy. 2028, a little far off. Uh, the UK Prime Minister Keir Starmer resigned. Trump said he would, he did. Everyone thought he would, he did. He's gone. Goodbye. I don't know if— again, they have no Prime Minister. They've had like 62 in the past 10 years. We'll see. And a leftist anti-American protester waving an upside-down US flag was blocking the entrance to Delaney Hall when she was knocked to the ground by a car. This is in New Jersey, that ongoing ICE detention center protest that for some reason is still going. And so a car was just sick of it and just ran right through her. She's fine, it looks like. If anything, she's got some bruises. Uh, still not cool, not cool to hit people with your car, but I'm always like, man, you put yourself in a roadway I'm not mad if someone hits you. That was your choice as an adult human being to put your human body where cars drive. So not, not too worried about it. Colombia, massive celebrations as a right-wing populist, Abelardo de la Espriella, crushed the socialist tyrant in that race. Uh, so super cool for Colombia. Good job. Socialism must die. There some of it goes now. Bye-bye. Uh, there's another fire in LA, this time at, uh, some kind of building, manufacturing building. The solar powers on top— so sorry, the solar panels on top of the roof are part of what has increased the, um, virulence of the fire, the intensity of the fire, and also the chemical toxic spewing of this fire. Uh, this was sometime last week. I believe it's out by now, maybe. But, um, but Mayor Karen was, uh, sipping cocktails in Ghana again. No, this time in Chicago. Sorry, Ghana was when the Palisades broke out. This time she was in Ghana. I'm not around, so I don't know. Hopefully they took care of it. Okay, we've got Uh, 6 major media outlets that have refused to report on Tulsi Gabbard's declassification that proved Dr. Fauci covered up the COVID pandemic, its origins, its violence, and everything else about it. Um, pretty cool. Probably why she's actually stepping down. I know that her husband supposedly has cancer. Maybe he really does have cancer. Maybe she really does want to be with him. But it's also smart to drop all of these things and then bounce because there will be no retaliation if Democrats do get in power again. You're already done and gone. So maybe that's part of it. I don't really know if that's even a reasonable assumption to make. But yeah, she released those documents, tons of documents. Fauci is, as we already knew, already had documents to show. But now we have even more documents to show. Was obviously causing this false view of a pandemic to occur, which wasn't actually real at all. And all the major media outlets refused to report on that— ABC, CNN, NBC, CBS, MSNBC, New York Times, all of them. So I don't— none of the leftists are going to know. None of the people who are even vaguely, you know, Democrat or vaguely anti-Trump, they're never going to know. They're never going to see it. They all have already cut out everyone from their life that has a brain. Uh, and now they don't have a brain either. And then they only watch and listen to news, uh, that doesn't care. So what just happened? Pretty wild, um, pretty dark stuff. Media blackout, man. They're all— they all belong to China. All your media belong to us, China says. Oh, we have soon, uh, 3D medical scanning by, um, sitting in a pool of warm water with half a million sensors pulsing ultrasonic waves through your body from every angle. And now they'll have 100% of your body mass, so you can find every single little bit of anything that's off or wrong. You can see it all at once. There's no radiation. This is the technology that exists now.. And supposedly, right, it's like way better. Again, no radiation, no toxins, no— we don't have to drink some radioactive fluid and then spray ourselves with radiation. Like, it's just you're in this pool of water and it just pulses this frequency of sound and maps your whole body down to every tiny micro bit of it. So this is something supposedly is going to be here in just a few years. It's actually Midjourney who's creating this in connection with some medical companies, which is wild. Midjourney, if you don't remember, was the first generative AI that the public had access to. So you may remember years ago I was doing some Midjourney testing and I was showing that all of their representations of humans were red-eyed. There was no red— there was no non-red-eyed beings. I was like, this is really creepy. Uh, but that's Midjourney. It was in a Discord server where you could access that years ago. Well, they're still here and kicking, and this is what they're working on next. Uh, so AI-powered, uh, you know, it's going to be connected with that type of technology. Very, very interesting. So they're not even going to put it in hospital, by the way. They're building a medical spa. Or a health spa. And so you would go in and have this done and then they would see, you know, what's there and then suggest various types of therapies for you. Very cool idea. I hope this is, you know, the accessible medicine of the future. I hope so. I hope that that goes the route of, you know, here's some DMSO, here's some red light therapy, here's a sauna, here's a cold plunge, here's the food you should be eating.. And if that's how things go, that would be great. That would be great. Talked about that. Oh, we have this whole report. I'll have to do a show on that later. It's about the effects of immigration. Essentially, it's saying the effects of immigration on our housing prices. It's real that there's a 30% increase in housing costs because of unchecked immigration. This is from research papers done by the administrative microdata. And so US Labor and Housing Markets releasing this report. So they always say, that's a lie. This is misrepresented. It's just racists who say this and all this stuff. And I think we all knew better if we were using logic, but, uh, there it is. So, so that's what they're saying now. Not that, again, anyone's going to report on it or hear about it unless they have intelligent friends like you that, uh, they still talk to, that they might. Oh, the Green Party-led Bristol City Council in the UK banned St. George's flags flying during the World Cup because it was divisive and made immigrants feel uncomfortable. So people came out in force and put up so many of them that they couldn't take them all down and they couldn't punish everyone. And that is how you do collective action. Good job, Bristol, people of Bristol. Hey guys, Lady Luck here.

[49:54] **Speaker B:** Are you going on any road trips this summer? I know I'm going to be going on a bunch of road trips, and being that I'm going to be Passenger Princess. I love playing on spinquest.com. Spin Quest has all of my favorite slot games, live blackjack, live craps. Head on over to Spin Quest right now and get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[50:16] **Speaker A:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[50:23] **Speaker C:** Uh, pride in New York. I guess that's an organization officially, Pride in New York announced that they're dissolving their organization after their drag queen founder was arrested for what? Guess, guess what their drag queen founder was arrested for? By the way, they're much more likely, incredibly higher incidence of this in that specific community. Yes, it's child porn. You were right if you guessed child porn or child sexual abuse. Um, there it is. So goodbye Pride. Regular gay people hate it. They're so sick of this. They're so sick of the trans, the drag queen story hours, the predators who are getting access to children. They just want to be gay, they don't need all this. And now all of a sudden they're like, we're gay too, we're just trans and we like to molest children, swear to God, you should protect us. No, we should— would chipper you. Danish pharma giant Novo Nordisk got hacked. Novo Nordisk makes Ozempic and other blockbuster GLP-1 drugs. All GLP-1 manufacturing process data was stolen, is now being auctioned by hackers. Much more confidential data was stolen by hackers. The genius $400 billion pharma had a password, Novo123, which was safeguarding their secret portal. Among other things, it was revealed that gene therapy is involved in this, in GLP-1 too. Just one, also one, not the number two. Um, that's crazy. They will make you take gene therapy no matter what. Don't worry, Spirit has a plan for that. It's already been turned to good. We're on the right timeline. It's all good. Uh, NSA says Anthropic's Claude Mythos broke into almost all of their classified systems. Uh, that was the same day that Amazon reportedly uncovered the jailbreak, and that's what started this whole government telling Anthropic they had to shut down within 48 hours or else face very severe consequences. And they did shut it down. Um, so that's That's part of why broke into all their classified systems. This is why we need quantum computing. This is why we need it. We're behind, we're behind the curve. Gotta catch up. Oh, hundreds have been compensated for their HPV vaccine injuries. This is huge. This is, I believe this was actually in the UK or no, they were just writing about it in UK, but it's in the US. So hundreds of people are compensated Far more have had no compensation. I got cervical cancer from HPV vaccine and I've never sought any sort of compensation because I just don't believe that it would be worth my time. Like, I don't want to have to go through any of that. So I'm just lucky that I, you know, was alternative enough at the time that I also found out about Lei Trial or V17 and just took it. Uh, it was random too. I was just like, I don't know what cures cancer, and I found it like one of my crunchy-ass organic groups. Um, and so I ordered some from like Turkey or something like South— like, because you couldn't get it anywhere. Uh, and somehow I got it shipped in, and I took that, and I quit smoking. I did all this stuff, and I— and it— and I, you know, got some surgical removal too, and that definitely helped. And, um, and then it was gone. So That was just great. That was just lucky for me, you know, being an aware person who can make good choices and help myself. A lot of other people didn't have that luxury or ability to do that. Some people died, right? Allegedly. And so some people have been compensated. Maybe that opens the door to more compensation. The crazy thing is they took that product off the market, but they still have their HPV vaccines and they're still causing damage, allegedly. So at least we got somewhere with it. It's a huge success. Uh, soccer fan accused Israel of killing the Palestinian, uh, soccer team and that that's why Palestine couldn't play in the World Cup. And the truth is, is that Palestine has actually killed the Israeli soccer team and more. So that was interesting to see. And a lot of people will be like, yeah, but they deserve it. Okay, cool, but you just— you can't accuse the other side of doing it when your side's the one doing that and the other side hasn't. You know, you can accuse them a lot of other things that would be rational and good, but not that. Uh, the Supreme Court limits the federal gun ban for marijuana users. So this is really cool too. It's from June 18th. Uh, and essentially it was always like, I never got my green card or red card or whatever we call it when you get medical marijuana officially, even though I could have from the very beginning. Um, I didn't because I knew that you could potentially never own a gun then and never have a concealed carry. And so even though I didn't have those things at the time, I was like, well, I might want that someday, so I don't want to limit myself. So I'm just going to keep getting weed wherever I can, which I've always done. So who needs you, right? And now they've lifted that. So now ideally, essentially every state, they cannot say to you that if you have marijuana use, you can't have a gun. So that's really cool. Very, very big win for guns and gun rights. The 2A war is going well. And what else we got here? A minor league team canceled their game after their players refused to wear the pride-themed jerseys. This is a movement that's growing. We also had, I don't know if it was Major League or Minor League Baseball, but they were wearing Bible verses on their uniforms. And whoever their league people are said, you better take those off or we're going to fine you. And then all these rich people stepped up and were like, oh, we'll pay for your fines if you want to wear those, just wear them. And so they're wearing them anyway. And it's like now they've said, oh, we're not going to suppress anyone. You can wear your Bible verses if you want, which they should. Freedom of religion. I don't know, uh, I like it. I think most people don't care or like it, and the people who would not like it aren't your fans. They're not watching baseball, you know? Like, we have to learn who your audience is. If you're gonna cater, if you're gonna oppress or not oppress or whatever, make these choices, at least make it work for you, you know? So that's cool. It's a silly thing too. They're like, oh, let's all wear this rainbow.

[57:18] **Speaker E:** Why?

[57:19] **Speaker C:** Like, what? Which gay people don't have rights already and don't have acceptance already? We don't need any more. We're good. Everybody's good. Just like, chill out. Lebanon ceasefire also has occurred. Seems to be going well so far. Uh, Joe Biden again got dissed by Obama. The Obama Library opened. It was a big deal. It's taken tons of taxpayer money. It's ugly as sin. I'm sure it's been dedicated to Moloch because these people eat babies. Um, just disgusting energy around there. And, uh, so Obama was there and he talked as much trash as he could about all of the good people in this country, and he talked as much trash as he could about Trump and Um, you know, other things that he said. And then he just left Joe Biden behind again on stage as he just sort of wanders mindlessly and looks confused and lost. Nobody's helping him. Jill Obama— or sorry, Joe Biden and Obama just walk off stage without him. And then he's asked the microphone, where's my granddaughter? Like, oh God, like, again, like, take— this is elder abuse. Um, anyway, one of the many divisive things, which is I've learned Obama's best at— his whole presidency I ignored him because I was pretty sure he's the Antichrist and I didn't want to hear any of his words. Uh, so I literally never watched him, never listened to him, like wouldn't read anything that he said. Like, I just was like, um, nope, just in case, I'm keeping myself pure. Like, you know, I don't— like, this guy's crazy. Um, but apparently he was a very divisive president. He was constantly you know, stoking the racial divide. And he's doing it again. He's doing it still. I don't know if he ever stopped. He's still doing it. Obama just praised at that library opening the, quote, ordinary people who have, quote, risked their lives standing up against Trump and ICE. So they're so disgusting. They're such disgusting people. They're like, yeah, go get killed like Renee Goode and Alex Pretty. And we'll pretend like that was deeply wrong of you to get killed, and we'll praise you every chance we get. So gross. The, uh, on good news though, the people who dumped all that toxic algae in the Lincoln Memorial are being charged with, um, federal hate crimes. Dude, I said that. I said that. I was like, charge these people with hate crimes. It's their language. It's their game. They're being hateful against patriots or whatever, Republicans, whatever class you want to pick, white people, I don't know, whoever they hate. And then, uh, there you are, hate crime. So they're doing it now. That faces up to 20 years in prison, I believe. Yep, 20 years in prison. God, I hope they get 20 years in prison. They'll get out in like 2 years no matter what they got sentenced to, so calm down out there. But, uh, LA City Council voted 10 to 5 to advance a proposal that would allow non-citizens to vote in city and school board elections. Their own city council said not anyone can vote, anyone who just happens to be in this country at the moment can vote about what happens in our school districts and our city. These people are crazy. These people are crazy. They're absolutely insane. Um, but by all means, find out what happens.

[60:45] **Speaker F:** What's going on everyone, it's Bluff here and we're driving through the states in the Bluffmobile. And the best thing that we can do is play our favorite casino-style games on Spin Quest. They have over 1,000 games including live dealer blackjack and craps, with tons of slots and unlimited options. You can get a $30 coin pack for just $10 for new users. Sign up today, go to spinquest.com right now.

[61:09] **Speaker A:** Spin Quest is free-to-play social casino. Voidware prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[61:17] **Speaker C:** Uh, Microsoft is considering integrating Deepseek into the same software used inside the US federal government. It's a Chinese-owned AI model. I'm sure that's not going to be allowed to happen. Microsoft are traitors. Bill Gates is a murderous person who sacrifices babies to Moloch, allegedly. And, uh, California also, in more insane leftist news, has made it, um, made a gay-owned business, uh, money that you can get for your gay business if you're gay. And so they literally have a checklist of things to make sure you're gay enough to get this money from the government for your gay business. It's definitely illegal. It's definitely not okay. But there it is. They're doing it anyway, because California is full of insane politicians. There's a children's book that has come out and it makes sexual animal noises at your children. You know, ostensibly to teach them animals and, you know, reading and animal noises, but the noises it makes are deeply sexual. There, there's no way that you could hear these noises and not think it's sexual. As far as I can tell, it is actually a children's book. They're, you know, in the past the right has freaked out about things that they're like, this is a children's book, and it's actually like a parody children's book. Uh, as far as I can tell, this isn't a parody children's book, so it's really disturbing. I could be wrong. That's what's happening though. It is tied to the LGBT community. So again, mostly the TQ part of that is, you know, disturbingly often involved with sexualizing children. So not very surprising at all. But that's, that's occurring with this book. Believe it or not, I think we're I think we're almost done. We'll see. Denver Public Schools, right up here north of me, just voted unanimously to dismiss an LGBTQ teacher, Jennifer Honka, after she reportedly made female students kiss each other and graded them on it. I— the rage rises. I think this person should face the death penalty. That's a teacher in a school with Children, children, children who are being made to sexually encounter one another and be graded on it in a school, a public school. What the hell? Yeah, they dismissed her. Is she being fine— is she being charged for the molestation of children? Because that's what that is. The sexualizing of children, the molestation of children, it's a sexual assault against children. If you force another child to do that, it doesn't make you not culpable. You are extra culpable. Those are children. So fricking— what the fuck? What is wrong with them? I don't know if therapy and psilocybin can fix this. Like, I think you need the wood chipper. I just do. So gross. So, Jennifer Honka, my God. Oh, okay. All righty, here. Rob Schneider, I think, is the one who is paying. Yeah, he said he's the one who said he would pay, uh, if the baseball people wanted to put the Bible quotes on their jerseys. So Good for him. Rob Schneider is pretty cool. Um, 21 drones around FIFA games that have been confiscated. Um, and also the people operating them were in the country illegal, so the FBI took those people down, their drones, and they're now going to get deported. Uh, pretty cool. I wonder what their plan was. We already saw at the MMA or the UFC fight on the White House lawn that there was an active terrorist plot. Uh, and so this may have been the same. I don't know if there's any updates on this. Nope, nothing since June 15th when it happened. So I don't know what else is going to happen with that, but pretty interesting. I just don't know. I don't know if they were just trying to see, you know, the game or something with their drones, or if there was something more nefarious. But being an illegal immigrant and flying drones illegally, it's a dicey combo. So yeah, if I haven't shared that with you prior, they have arrested 5 people against the potential terror attack against that White House event. There was 5 people involved, and I think more have now been found. They essentially got their signal chat access to their Signal chat and saw all the plans to, you know, buy the drones, get the bomb, making stuff, attach it to the drones. They were going to drop the bombs at the event. Uh, they themselves wouldn't have done too much damage, but it would have been enough to cause everyone to run out of the event, which was the plan, because then they were going to have snipers posted at various buildings and just pick off all of these people who are then running away now to save their lives out of the area that was being bombed. So pretty elaborate, um, attempt. The plan was, you know, potentially going to cause who knows how many lives to be lost, uh, and that was also thwarted by the FBI ahead of time before the event even occurred. But they didn't really announce it, as far as I know, until after. So, uh, which is smart, uh, actually, because there's probably more groups that might have been then incited to be like, oh, we'll pick up where they left off, you know. What's really crazy is then a bunch of these leftist groups started publishing how to, you know, avoid the FBI being able to get your Signal chats and use them against you. So there's now like training manuals that are helping them make their terrorist plots even more successful, which is great, right? Good job, leftist groups. So good job, FBI. For thwarting that and saving all those lives, you know, if that is what happened. 35 missing children from Massachusetts were recovered during a U.S. Marshal-led operation ahead of the FIFA World Cup. Every time we have big sporting events, trafficking of children increases, and people are sick. And so, for some reason, that goes hand in hand with sports a lot of times, and probably because so many people are just coming in and out of the country. There is just a lot of moving parts. It is easier You know, and, and disgustingly horribly that that's just the case. So, uh, but cool that they recovered them. They know that this is the case, and so they go looking for all the signs and all the places where they might be posting, and they try to do their best, ideally, uh, to stop these things from happening. So 35 children is a lot of children. Uh, very, very cool. Very proud of them. More children freed. That's what we want to see here. Big win. Uh, Gavin Newsom claims he's under federal investigation by the Department of Justice, uh, just for being anti-Trump. Um, the truth is he's under investigation for fraud and, um, you know, yeah, defrauding the people of California over and over and over again. Him and his wife have so many crooked organizations that they pay themselves for from the taxpayer fund. And so, so much evidence of him bribing all sorts of companies too. There's just so much going on. So he's presenting it as he's just such a freedom fighter. He's just so against fascism. And that's why Trump's mad at him. And really, it's, you know, that he has fraud. And, you know, I think most politicians probably do. But I would also say it's pretty obvious that Newsom and the Pelosi's are at like the top of the pyramid. So take them out, you know. So I'm glad. I hope they get him. He's the creepiest weirdo who ever existed. Uh, Iran has agreed to never have a nuclear weapon as part of the, um, and that's why also the war felt like it was finally over. But supposedly it's something else maybe happened today. I don't know, we'll find out. Some drones somewhere. Who actually sent them? What's happening is the real question. So we'll see. Catholic bishops consecrate the United States of America to the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Vatican News. Good. This is ahead of the 250th anniversary and the signing of the Declaration of Independence. The U.S. Catholic bishops gathered in Florida to consecrate the USA to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. I love it. Of course. God bless America., a major U-turn. Swedish parliament has abolished permanent residence visas for migrants. Conservative government has pursued a wider crackdown on mass immigration there. So good job, Sweden. Things are turning around in a lot of places. The big holdouts are the UK itself, where it's getting rowdy. Ireland has gotten real rowdy. All sorts of immigrants, buildings have been burned down and big deals in Ireland. So UK and France basically are the bigger holdouts, and they're gonna give in soon. Germany, they're gonna give in soon. The people don't want this anymore, so it's just the way things are gonna go. They'll figure it out sooner or later. Um, in California also, the California Democrats are creating legislation to control Apple Maps and Google Maps in order to dictate the commute that you have to take They say that this is an environmental move. They say that it's better for traffic. But it just means that your commute is going to take even longer. They're going to tell your map software to fight climate change. And so they're going to add time to the commute, I guess. I just— it's just crazy. What they're actually doing is creating walking and biking zones. Where cars— they're hoping to route cars away from there so that more and more people will walk and bike. It's just crazy. I mean, just make it a walking and biking lane. Make walking and biking lanes. Do that. Do light rail. Do whatever. But don't— why are you trying to do this with like maps and forcing people to drive in certain places? It's weird. But it's California, so we'll see if it, if it works out or not.

[72:28] **Speaker B:** Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10.

[72:53] **Speaker A:** SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[73:01] **Speaker C:** Oh right, uh, leftist anti-Trump protesters set up portable toilets near the White House and are asking people to defecate inside in order to, um, like poop on Trump. They're just pretending that like Trump's in the toilet and then you poop on him. This was one of their counter-protests to like the 250th celebrations. Um, pretty weird, pretty lame. I guess go poop in a porta-potty if that makes you feel good about whatever you're doing in life. Uh, okay, okay, okay. This is— a lot of these are just more about Iran stuff going well. Uh, the Swiss have voted by 54% to 46% to reject a $10 million— uh, sorry, 10 million person population cap in Switzerland. Um, good. It's a weird thing to do. It's like China, right? The one-child policy. They're gonna have to do things like that. On the other hand, if it would keep like mass immigration from happening, maybe it'd be a good move. For now. I don't know, but it seems more like they're rejecting the, uh, you know, heavy birth control, heavy-handed birth control, basically. What's this? Okay, I don't know. This is more of the stuff I already covered in some of the more esoteric you know, World Cup, FIFA sorts of things. Oh, by the way, I guess we didn't have a fake alien invasion during one of the soccer games, so that psychic I think was wrong. Or what she said, did she say the 24th or the 28th? Now I can't remember. Maybe it's still a few days away that that might happen. We'll see. Oh, I don't think so, by the way, but you know, who am I? Oh, we've got also I don't know, we'll see what that is in a second. A clean reflecting pool. Oh, this is funny. This is a list of things that triggered leftists this week. A clean reflecting pool, that triggered them. They didn't want to see it clean. They like dirty, disgusting things that just reflect back at them the dirty, horrible state of their own consciousness and soul. Um, a name on a building triggered them. A murderer getting convicted of murder triggered them. That was the Carmelo Anthony one. A sporting event at the White House, that triggered them. A successful IPO, that was the SpaceX, you know, making everybody millionaires, that was triggering to them. And welders and janitors becoming millionaires because of that triggered them. Yeah, they're pretty messed up people who can't be happy about very simple things. But, uh, yeah, here's the welder that worked at SpaceX. He received $10,000 in stock and was paid $28 an hour for 10 years. Then after his IPO, SpaceX stake is now worth about $1 million. One of 4,400 employees who became millionaires, by the way. Again, an immigrant. You'd think the left would be like, whoa, yay immigrants, and they're millionaires now, but they can't because they're miserable people who only know hate in their heart. They only know how to hate things. Um, voters in LA were overwhelmingly rejecting the sales tax increase on the ballot, but then after the election, late mail-in ballots surged and pushed through the sales tax increase. Oh, it sounds like the Spencer Pratt thing, and it sounds like every state that has mail-in voting. They just use it to get through anything they want to get through. So it's so rigged, so gross. Gotta do away with the mail-in voting. Gotta do away with it. Got to— I do not know what this is or why I have it. It's in German, so I can't read it to you. It's probably funny, it's probably amazing, but we will never know. Uh, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney says Canadians will be forced to be part of the next world order that will emerge from Europe soon. So he's not seeing the signs that that world order has died. A different New World Order, it's definitely risen and has control, and he doesn't know it yet. So he still thinks Canada is going to be part of the old New World Order. Uh, there was a lemonade stand robbed at gunpoint in Boston. Uh, the community was so disgusted and outraged that they encouraged them to open another lemonade stand. Turned into just thousands of people coming through to buy lemonade from this lemonade stand. So cool, so cool. Can you imagine robbing kids at gunpoint? Like, man, your crack habit is really killing your soul here. You're dying. Very cool though, very big win. I love when communities come together in these types of ways. Uh, we already talked about that. Elon Musk is a trillionaire. Okay, about that, there's so much of this, it just is doubled up. Uh, podcaster Larry Reed called for a mass exodus of Black Americans to Africa after the Carmelo Anthony verdict. Go for it, dude. Fucking Africa, man. Get there. Love it. This is the best. I don't think most Black people are going to do that. Uh, President Trump also opened 500,000 square miles that Obama made sure only foreign nations could fish in. But now it's back to our fishing. That's good for us. Good job to Trump. Uh, the cross burning incident in Chicago turned out to be, uh, an Asian man who wanted attention or something and not actually against— it wasn't white supremacy, basically, is what they said. Cross burning, oh, the racist! It's never the racist, by the way. It's always either Black people, or in this case, Asian people who are doing it, not white people. But that's another story. Again, we have Ireland, Dublin going nuts against immigration, burning things, mass protests. Very cool to see that. Dr. Stacy Patton is a professor at Harvard University. She wrote an entire article blaming Austin Matcalf and his family for his murder. Not Carmelo Anthony, who used a knife to stab him in the heart, but his family, his own family. It's his fault, their fault. They made him a toxic white male and that's why he got killed. Okey-dokey. What about Carmelo Anthony's family, who made him an actually toxic black male? Maybe that's, maybe that's important. No. Um, eh, I don't care about that. Major crackdown on social media in Ireland because Irish people are doing such a good job being against immigration lately. Uh, tens of thousands of Spencer Pratt voters received rejection letters from their county clerk saying their ballots weren't counted because of irregularities in their signature. We've shown that if you vote left, you can even have a smiley face as your signature. You can have nothing as your signature. Your signature doesn't have to match anything at all. But if you're a Republican, now your signature has to match, and it will be scrutinized so closely. So tens of thousands— I really, I think Spencer Pratt would win if we actually had real voting. I don't even think it's close. I don't even think it is. People are like, oh, but he still wouldn't have won, he just would have been second. No, I think he would have won. I think LA's done with this shit. But how will we know? Uh, Black advocates have also moved to have Austin Metcalf's brother arrested for what? Oh, accessory to murder. What? These people are crazy. They're all crazy. They want attention, money, and power. That's it. Uh, the Pentagon went on lockdown last week. This is because hazmat teams responded to a hazardous materials incident. Uh, didn't see anything else about that. I don't know if it was actually any kind of attack or just someone left cocaine somewhere, most likely. I don't know. And we got that net swing of 43,000 votes once the mail-in votes were coming in for Spencer Pratt— against him, rather, in that election. So again, impossible, statistically impossible for that to happen, but that's what happened allegedly, and they're probably not going to reverse it. And finally, we've got ActBlue CEO invoking the Fifth Amendment 22 times during a House probe into foreign donation vetting. ActBlue, remember, is like the big Democrat— all these little sub-Democrat and sub-leftist and sub, like, trans-TEA organizations are connected to ActBlue, and they had this foreign donation vetting problem. And 22 times 22 times she invoked the Fifth Amendment. Um, so clearly they're guilty. Clearly they have something to hide. Neville Singham, that billionaire from China, is one of the top things they're hiding. And, uh, other Chinese influence, I'm sure they would also love to hide. So that's how the Democrats roll. They will get China involved. They will give them all of the power they need. Our media also give them all the power they need so that you really believe things aren't actually true, uh, hate our country and work actively to help them destroy it from the outside. And the more I learned about that years ago, the more I became a patriot. I've been to China, I've seen it. I recently heard a 7-year-old say, "Oh, that's old China. New China is way better." I'm sure they'd love for you to believe that. And if they actually get better on human rights, on the environment, um, and on treating their people well, God bless them. I'll love it. I don't see it yet. And until I do, travel well, aim for balance, and always look inside first.

[84:11] **Speaker A:** Before it was trapped in melancholy with the wood wands of Holly. Suggestions that obliterate the camel paws of folly. Attempted mental robbery executed sloppily. The papacy, this mockery of black cataglomy. Put the hands up to touch the Akasha, 'cause you know deep down there's something bigger than your wallet.

[84:37] **Speaker F:** What's going on everyone, it's Bluff here and we're driving through the states in the Bluffmobile. And the best thing that we can do is play our favorite casino-style games on Spin Quest. They have over 1,000 games including live dealer blackjack and craps, with tons of slots and unlimited options. You can get a $30 coin pack for just $10 for new users. Sign up today, go to spinquest.com right now.

[85:00] **Speaker A:** Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino, void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.
