# Spencer Pratt- Lining Up The Supporters & The Haters + Blake Lively Shows Off Ryan + Britney Spears

**Show:** Hot Mics with Billy Bush
**Date Published:** 2026-05-28
**Date Found:** 2026-05-28
**URL:** https://play.cdnstream1.com/s/tunein/hot-mics-with-billy-bush/spencer-pratt-lining-up-c6357b?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 58 minutes

## Summary

This 58-minute episode of Hot Mics with Billy Bush mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Hot Mics with Billy Bush

## Key Moment

> "Spencer Pratt for mayor. 5 days to go. He says there won't be a runoff. He's winning on the first ballot. Who's for him? Who's against him? Who's giving money? Who's a poser? Hot Mikes with Billy Bush daily. And here we go. Another compliment. There she is. Hello. Hello. Welcome to Hot Mikes. Thanks for joining us on this Thursday. In my area of Los Angeles, it's Saca la Basura Day. It's take out the trash day. Back down the driveway and the trash guy was there. I yelled, Saca la basura! And he had a huge laugh. Which means he's voting for Spencer Pratt. Please hit like, subscribe, the notification bell. Let's talk about Spencer Pratt because there is— it is 5 days away and it is a big deal. If Spencer Pratt cannot win this election against Mayor Bass, Karen Bass, nobody can. There's never been a movement like this before. To disrupt the establishment. He's absolutely everywhere. And if he can't do it with an extremely unpopular mayor in Los Angeles, then that— there's something systemically wrong in, in LA. It's, it's unfixable, which means people need to start making plans on how to get the hell out of here, honestly, which is a terrible, terrible, terrible thing because it is the most beautiful city in America. Sits right on the Pacific Ocean. The weather is incredible. The climate is incredible. You're going to hear from the guy that should have knocked Karen Bass out the last time. We've been all waiting to hear from him, and you will shortly. That's Rick Caruso, who is a very successful guy. He's a billionaire, but he knows the ins and outs of Los Angeles like nobody else. And we'll hear from him. Also a very, very pissed off resident who is one of the great TV producers in Hollywood, whom, you know, he'll be checking in from his car. Spencer himself is all over the airwaves right now, making a big push before Tuesday. And that is, uh, that's primary day. If anyone gets 50% or more over 50% on that day, then the mayor's race is over. Likely it won't be that. It'll be the top 2 finishers and they go to a runoff in November. So Spencer just filed a campaign violation against Karen Bass with the city clerk. He claims that she was campaigning within 100 feet of a ballot drop-off location. He said Karen Bass just violated election law here. She is so accustomed to breaking the law with no accountability that she even filmed herself doing it. Let's see that. Well, those days are over, he said. We just filed a formal complaint for illegally gaming the election. Electioneering within 100 feet of a ballot box is against the law. Let's take a look at it. Do we have that video of Karen Bass? I think she's, she's standing. Oh, okay. We don't have it. But trust me, she's, she says she's 200 feet away. Spencer's people say it's 100 feet and that she's broken the law. It is a crazy election here. I hate how entrenched this city is. As I was saying, she's unpopular. Polling odds give her a strong lead right now. Some say 25%. What I've seen is she's 8 points ahead of Spencer Pratt, 30 to 22, which is pretty good. But overall, Polly Market and things like that giving her a 60 to 70% chance of eventual reelection. You've got to be kidding me. Cannot be real. Her approval is underwater due to all the crises here in Los Angeles— homelessness, police shortages, corruption, fire failure, empty reservoirs, filth, drugs, safety. People are scared for them. The streets are unsafe. The Vanity Fair article that came out yesterday pretty interesting, opened with basically a scene of Spencer Pratt at a block party in South Central near Crips territory, the Bloods and the Crips. The attendees at that block party: gang-adjacent locals, Westside moms— they must have been bussed in— a pardoned January 6th participant, LAPD officers, and a Playboy Playmate. I mean, this sounds like a reality show. Is he rolling camera on all of this? That's incredible. But there was Spencer in a black suit wearing Vans and of course, his Lakers Pratt hat that he always has on. He's shaking hands, he's dancing, and hopefully listening because his mentor, David Foster, the music producer, told him, you got to listen, listen more, talk less, listen more. At this phase, he said he's trying. Okay. How it all started for Spencer Pratt. You probably know he entered the race initially just to damage Karen Bass as much as possible by exposing her failings, which are aplenty. He did not expect to win. Now he's sleeping under 4 hours a night, and for 18 months straight, he's telling Vanity Fair he's for sure going to be mayor. Because it, quote, energetically feels that way. Remember, he's a crystals entrepreneur. He used to sell crystals before this in his Pratt Daddy business. He says he feels one arm already in the future, right? All those things that pop into your Instagram feed, right, about manifestation. He's there. He says he feels it. He can already see that it's happened. The best quote in the Vanity Fair article: If I'm not going to get elected mayor because I never apologized to Elsie Lauren Conrad, I'll take that. People can die on the streets because Elsie got paid millions because I boosted our show and I took the fall as the full villain. I mean, I don't think the people that— whose— the people whose vote he really needs, I don't think they know who Elsie is. Right. What makes Spencer a confusing candidate in a good way? The left wants to paint him as MAGA. Trump wants to call him MAGA. I hate to disappoint everybody, but, you know, Spencer supports transgender rights. He says it's common sense. That's America. I think he means I support the welcome everybody, vilify nobody. He calls his wife Heidi Montag a gay icon. Did it right here on this show last week. He opposes ICE raids in Los Angeles. He said, I don't want ICE here, but I don't want, you know, I want to get the murderers and the rapists out. He claims divine guidance. He's Jesus in the multiverse, and his religious beliefs and faith is not an act. I know that for sure. He claims he's cool with the Crips and the Bloods. Says he's meeting the Bloods next. He's like maybe the mayor of— mayor of Kingstown, right? Maybe he becomes like the mayor of Kingstown, Jeremy Renner's character. He's friends with all the gangs, you know, he's negotiating. Spencer says he's open to a Doge-style efficiency cuts, you know, program. Of course, I don't know, the federal government gave up on that quickly. But trying to put him in a box, you can't do it. He's a candidate. He's not a Republican. He's not a Democrat. He is representing, like I've always said, angry Angelinos. The supporters, people who are backing him all the way to the hilt. Newsweek reviewed actual donation records and found a lot of celebrities who expressed public support are not actually confirmed donors, haven't given money. And that distinction matters, I think. Confirmed donors: Jeanie Buss, owner of the Lakers. Jeff Jenkins, big producer, did the Kardashians and Simple Life. David Foster and Catherine McPhee. They hosted a big fundraiser at their house. Brian Grazer, Elliott Grange, the, the music producer. Here's two interesting ones that have given money. Haim Saban, who is a billionaire Democrat donor in Los Angeles, big Democrat. And Nicole Avant, who is the wife of Ted Sarandos, CEO of Netflix, co-founder of Netflix. Reed Hoffman, major Democrat. How about that? How about Reed Hoffman running into Nicole Avant at the next Netflix party? You gave money to Spencer Pratt? Nicole? Yeah, right. Uh, now public supporters. Who have not given money or not confirmed to have given money. Paris Hilton, Kristin Cavallari, Brody Jenner. I'm sure that's changed, though. Brody, they're best friends. Olivia Culpo, Audrina Patridge, Nick Viall, Heather McDonald. What about Billy Bush? Billy Bush is in the Newsweek article. Reporter called me and she's like, have you given money? I said, look, I've been a journalist for a long time, for 20-some years. This move away to independent journalism for myself doing my own show is new to me. I've never given money to any political candidate as I try to maintain, you know, a centrism. But in this case, I have given money to two candidates. One, my brother, who is running for governor of Maine, gave him the max. And I told the writer, I haven't given to Spencer. This was two weeks ago. I said, because we're hosting a luncheon, my girlfriend Ali and I— well, Ali is a co-host of a of a ladies luncheon, and I'm supporting her there, and I'll be giving to Spencer Pratt at that point. She didn't quite write that all the way, but I'm happy to go on the record and say I gave to Spencer Pratt and I gave him the max, the max donation. Spencer says Jamie Foxx and Leo DiCaprio told him they support him, but they did it privately. That doesn't count. Privately gives me PTSD. I remember all the people at NBC who privately supported me. 10 years ago when they were hauling my ass out for no reason. And I'm like, that's so nice of you. Thank you for that lovely text. How about putting it on Twitter? Uh, here's the numbers. Spencer has raised $2.72 million just between April 19th and May 16th. One month. Wow. It's come in fast and furious here in the end. In that period, Karen Bass raised $283,000. So he swamped her. Total raised by Spencer, $3.26 million, and by Karen Bass, $3.13 million. He is polling in second place behind her right now. Spencer thinks all these unions and all these people who are forced and pressured to come out and support Karen Bass, if you actually poll the people within those unions, the individuals, he said, add it up. I guarantee you they're voting for me. He still says he's gonna walk away the mayor in 5 days."
> — Speaker B at 01:00
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:00] Speaker B: "Spencer Pratt for mayor. 5 days to go. He says there won't be a runoff. He's winning on the first ballot. Who's for him? Who's against him? Who's giving money? Who's a poser? Hot Mikes with Billy Bush daily. And here we go. Another compliment. There she is. Hello. Hello. Welcome to Hot Mikes. Thanks for joining us on this Thursday. In my area of Los Angeles, it's Saca la Basura Day. It's take out the trash day. Back down the driveway and the trash guy was there. I yelled, Saca la basura! And he had a huge laugh. Which means he's voting for Spencer Pratt. Please hit like, subscribe, the notification bell. Let's talk about Spencer Pratt because there is— it is 5 days away and it is a big deal. If Spencer Pratt cannot win this election against Mayor Bass, Karen Bass, nobody can. There's never been a movement like this before. To disrupt the establishment. He's absolutely everywhere. And if he can't do it with an extremely unpopular mayor in Los Angeles, then that— there's something systemically wrong in, in LA. It's, it's unfixable, which means people need to start making plans on how to get the hell out of here, honestly, which is a terrible, terrible, terrible thing because it is the most beautiful city in America. Sits right on the Pacific Ocean. The weather is incredible. The climate is incredible. You're going to hear from the guy that should have knocked Karen Bass out the last time. We've been all waiting to hear from him, and you will shortly. That's Rick Caruso, who is a very successful guy. He's a billionaire, but he knows the ins and outs of Los Angeles like nobody else. And we'll hear from him. Also a very, very pissed off resident who is one of the great TV producers in Hollywood, whom, you know, he'll be checking in from his car. Spencer himself is all over the airwaves right now, making a big push before Tuesday. And that is, uh, that's primary day. If anyone gets 50% or more over 50% on that day, then the mayor's race is over. Likely it won't be that. It'll be the top 2 finishers and they go to a runoff in November. So Spencer just filed a campaign violation against Karen Bass with the city clerk. He claims that she was campaigning within 100 feet of a ballot drop-off location. He said Karen Bass just violated election law here. She is so accustomed to breaking the law with no accountability that she even filmed herself doing it. Let's see that. Well, those days are over, he said. We just filed a formal complaint for illegally gaming the election. Electioneering within 100 feet of a ballot box is against the law. Let's take a look at it. Do we have that video of Karen Bass? I think she's, she's standing. Oh, okay. We don't have it. But trust me, she's, she says she's 200 feet away. Spencer's people say it's 100 feet and that she's broken the law. It is a crazy election here. I hate how entrenched this city is. As I was saying, she's unpopular. Polling odds give her a strong lead right now. Some say 25%. What I've seen is she's 8 points ahead of Spencer Pratt, 30 to 22, which is pretty good. But overall, Polly Market and things like that giving her a 60 to 70% chance of eventual reelection. You've got to be kidding me. Cannot be real. Her approval is underwater due to all the crises here in Los Angeles— homelessness, police shortages, corruption, fire failure, empty reservoirs, filth, drugs, safety. People are scared for them. The streets are unsafe. The Vanity Fair article that came out yesterday pretty interesting, opened with basically a scene of Spencer Pratt at a block party in South Central near Crips territory, the Bloods and the Crips. The attendees at that block party: gang-adjacent locals, Westside moms— they must have been bussed in— a pardoned January 6th participant, LAPD officers, and a Playboy Playmate. I mean, this sounds like a reality show. Is he rolling camera on all of this? That's incredible. But there was Spencer in a black suit wearing Vans and of course, his Lakers Pratt hat that he always has on. He's shaking hands, he's dancing, and hopefully listening because his mentor, David Foster, the music producer, told him, you got to listen, listen more, talk less, listen more. At this phase, he said he's trying. Okay. How it all started for Spencer Pratt. You probably know he entered the race initially just to damage Karen Bass as much as possible by exposing her failings, which are aplenty. He did not expect to win. Now he's sleeping under 4 hours a night, and for 18 months straight, he's telling Vanity Fair he's for sure going to be mayor. Because it, quote, energetically feels that way. Remember, he's a crystals entrepreneur. He used to sell crystals before this in his Pratt Daddy business. He says he feels one arm already in the future, right? All those things that pop into your Instagram feed, right, about manifestation. He's there. He says he feels it. He can already see that it's happened. The best quote in the Vanity Fair article: If I'm not going to get elected mayor because I never apologized to Elsie Lauren Conrad, I'll take that. People can die on the streets because Elsie got paid millions because I boosted our show and I took the fall as the full villain. I mean, I don't think the people that— whose— the people whose vote he really needs, I don't think they know who Elsie is. Right. What makes Spencer a confusing candidate in a good way? The left wants to paint him as MAGA. Trump wants to call him MAGA. I hate to disappoint everybody, but, you know, Spencer supports transgender rights. He says it's common sense. That's America. I think he means I support the welcome everybody, vilify nobody. He calls his wife Heidi Montag a gay icon. Did it right here on this show last week. He opposes ICE raids in Los Angeles. He said, I don't want ICE here, but I don't want, you know, I want to get the murderers and the rapists out. He claims divine guidance. He's Jesus in the multiverse, and his religious beliefs and faith is not an act. I know that for sure. He claims he's cool with the Crips and the Bloods. Says he's meeting the Bloods next. He's like maybe the mayor of— mayor of Kingstown, right? Maybe he becomes like the mayor of Kingstown, Jeremy Renner's character. He's friends with all the gangs, you know, he's negotiating. Spencer says he's open to a Doge-style efficiency cuts, you know, program. Of course, I don't know, the federal government gave up on that quickly. But trying to put him in a box, you can't do it. He's a candidate. He's not a Republican. He's not a Democrat. He is representing, like I've always said, angry Angelinos. The supporters, people who are backing him all the way to the hilt. Newsweek reviewed actual donation records and found a lot of celebrities who expressed public support are not actually confirmed donors, haven't given money. And that distinction matters, I think. Confirmed donors: Jeanie Buss, owner of the Lakers. Jeff Jenkins, big producer, did the Kardashians and Simple Life. David Foster and Catherine McPhee. They hosted a big fundraiser at their house. Brian Grazer, Elliott Grange, the, the music producer. Here's two interesting ones that have given money. Haim Saban, who is a billionaire Democrat donor in Los Angeles, big Democrat. And Nicole Avant, who is the wife of Ted Sarandos, CEO of Netflix, co-founder of Netflix. Reed Hoffman, major Democrat. How about that? How about Reed Hoffman running into Nicole Avant at the next Netflix party? You gave money to Spencer Pratt? Nicole? Yeah, right. Uh, now public supporters. Who have not given money or not confirmed to have given money. Paris Hilton, Kristin Cavallari, Brody Jenner. I'm sure that's changed, though. Brody, they're best friends. Olivia Culpo, Audrina Patridge, Nick Viall, Heather McDonald. What about Billy Bush? Billy Bush is in the Newsweek article. Reporter called me and she's like, have you given money? I said, look, I've been a journalist for a long time, for 20-some years. This move away to independent journalism for myself doing my own show is new to me. I've never given money to any political candidate as I try to maintain, you know, a centrism. But in this case, I have given money to two candidates. One, my brother, who is running for governor of Maine, gave him the max. And I told the writer, I haven't given to Spencer. This was two weeks ago. I said, because we're hosting a luncheon, my girlfriend Ali and I— well, Ali is a co-host of a of a ladies luncheon, and I'm supporting her there, and I'll be giving to Spencer Pratt at that point. She didn't quite write that all the way, but I'm happy to go on the record and say I gave to Spencer Pratt and I gave him the max, the max donation. Spencer says Jamie Foxx and Leo DiCaprio told him they support him, but they did it privately. That doesn't count. Privately gives me PTSD. I remember all the people at NBC who privately supported me. 10 years ago when they were hauling my ass out for no reason. And I'm like, that's so nice of you. Thank you for that lovely text. How about putting it on Twitter? Uh, here's the numbers. Spencer has raised $2.72 million just between April 19th and May 16th. One month. Wow. It's come in fast and furious here in the end. In that period, Karen Bass raised $283,000. So he swamped her. Total raised by Spencer, $3.26 million, and by Karen Bass, $3.13 million. He is polling in second place behind her right now. Spencer thinks all these unions and all these people who are forced and pressured to come out and support Karen Bass, if you actually poll the people within those unions, the individuals, he said, add it up. I guarantee you they're voting for me. He still says he's gonna walk away the mayor in 5 days."
- [12:53] Speaker B: "Can he win? The guy that ran before him, who everybody— I supported, I thought he was just an amazing candidate, Rick Caruso. I'm sure you've heard that name if you don't live in LA. He's a big real estate developer around here. He served as the head of the LADWP Commission and Police Commission, and he's, he's been actively involved in city government, but not an elected official. He knows the ins and outs of this city. You can't think of a better manager and CEO to literally fix the place. And that was in 2022, and he lost to Karen Bass by 10 points. He was a superb candidate. Like what? How the hell did that happen? Can Spencer Pratt close that gap? So Rick Caruso finally spoke on a podcast called Social Currency about why he did not run again himself and sort of what has changed in the landscape that makes it possible for Spencer."
- [19:40] Speaker C: "Well, the good news, the good news is, is I'm not working. And you know, how it will affect whatever I do in the future or not is really not my concern at the moment. I want a place, you know, one of the reasons I worked so hard for so many years was to give my children a better life. And right now, you know, I've got one child who will not come back to California, is living in Arizona, who was raised here his whole life and just has been begging me to leave for 5 years. And I have a 22-year-old daughter who, you know, debates every day whether she can start a life here in California, and a 3-year-old. So all I care about is keeping them safe and giving them opportunities for the future. So whatever anybody thinks about what I have to say is meaningless to me. But what you can see behind the scenes, as you've talked about, is the amount of real liberal people. And we're talking about people who will fight you if you say you like Donald Trump. Those people are fed up with what's going on in LA. So the national issue has nothing to do with anything I'm talking about. I am not a Donald Trump fan. I did not vote for him, um, and I'm not gonna sit here and tell you Spencer Pratt can save LA. What I can tell you is the status quo is destroying it and we need to try something different. And like you just said a minute ago, Rick Caruso— I mean, to be lucky enough to get a guy like that who wants to commit to public service. And then to have our president, our vice president come here to endorse a woman who didn't have any experience, by the way, either, who, you know, is clearly, you know, leaning towards, uh, you know, when the fires happen, you know what I did when I heard about the winds 2 days before? I told my fiancée we had to take the baby, we had to take dogs and the cat. And we had to get out of here because we don't know what's going to happen and we can't protect it. That's what she did."
- [21:58] Speaker B: "You know, don't forget, part of her election promises, part of when she was campaigning, she promised, I will never leave the country. I will always— and she left the country 5 times in the first term. So she— and I mean, it's astounding that she saw, you know, and Spencer Pratt, by the way, brought up in the election, he brought up— excuse me. In the debate, Spencer Pratt—"
- [22:24] Speaker B: "oh, no worries. Spencer Pratt brought up in the debate that happened on May 5th or May 6th. He said, look, the winds on the first 2 days were below 40 miles an hour right off the bat. So we could have gotten— she said, oh no, they weren't. They were over 100. He's lying in this fact check. They were under 40 miles an hour. So you absolutely could have gotten water out of the Palisades Reservoir with your own choppers instead of having to go fly over to Encino and grab them and get them over. Totally ill-prepared. All the while, she's telling her deputy mayor, who happens to be on house arrest at the time, you know, for calling in a fake bomb threat, calling in a bomb threat because he didn't want to attend a meeting. That's who she has as deputy mayor. That guy's— she's getting on a plane and says, don't worry about it, I'm still going to go. So the city's in the hands of nobody and she takes off. That is the most glaring part. And then the list of, you know, of, you know, police shortages and homelessness and the missing $2 billion and all the NGO fraud. It goes on forever. The safety in the streets, the, the drug addiction problem, the potholes, the— it's the infrastructure. It goes on and on and on. I'm so worried, Doug, that if Caruso can't do it and somehow Spencer can't do it, Is it totally unfixable? And what does that mean to you? Is it like, I'm sorry, I got to— now I do have to go back to Nashville."

## Full Transcript

[00:05] **Speaker A:** When equipment breaks down and operations come to a halt, every single second counts. So why is your maintenance team spending 60% of their time doing anything but turning wrenches?

[00:16] **Speaker B:** Ah.

[00:18] **Speaker A:** MaintainX is the AI-powered maintenance and asset management system that helps your team get back to actually fixing breakdowns. No more searching for manuals. No more hunting down parts. No more drowning in paperwork. With MaintainX, your team can access manuals from anywhere, create new procedures in minutes, and turn voice notes into clear and complete work order feedback. What used to take hours now only takes minutes. Keep your operations moving and your wrenches turning. Join over 13,000 maintenance teams that are already fixing more and filing less. Try MaintainX for free today. Go to maintainx.com/ai. That's maintain and the letter x dot com slash ai.

[01:00] **Speaker B:** Spencer Pratt for mayor. 5 days to go. He says there won't be a runoff. He's winning on the first ballot. Who's for him? Who's against him? Who's giving money? Who's a poser? Hot Mikes with Billy Bush daily. And here we go. Another compliment. There she is. Hello. Hello. Welcome to Hot Mikes. Thanks for joining us on this Thursday. In my area of Los Angeles, it's Saca la Basura Day. It's take out the trash day. Back down the driveway and the trash guy was there. I yelled, Saca la basura! And he had a huge laugh. Which means he's voting for Spencer Pratt. Please hit like, subscribe, the notification bell. Let's talk about Spencer Pratt because there is— it is 5 days away and it is a big deal. If Spencer Pratt cannot win this election against Mayor Bass, Karen Bass, nobody can. There's never been a movement like this before. To disrupt the establishment. He's absolutely everywhere. And if he can't do it with an extremely unpopular mayor in Los Angeles, then that— there's something systemically wrong in, in LA. It's, it's unfixable, which means people need to start making plans on how to get the hell out of here, honestly, which is a terrible, terrible, terrible thing because it is the most beautiful city in America. Sits right on the Pacific Ocean. The weather is incredible. The climate is incredible. You're going to hear from the guy that should have knocked Karen Bass out the last time. We've been all waiting to hear from him, and you will shortly. That's Rick Caruso, who is a very successful guy. He's a billionaire, but he knows the ins and outs of Los Angeles like nobody else. And we'll hear from him. Also a very, very pissed off resident who is one of the great TV producers in Hollywood, whom, you know, he'll be checking in from his car. Spencer himself is all over the airwaves right now, making a big push before Tuesday. And that is, uh, that's primary day. If anyone gets 50% or more over 50% on that day, then the mayor's race is over. Likely it won't be that. It'll be the top 2 finishers and they go to a runoff in November. So Spencer just filed a campaign violation against Karen Bass with the city clerk. He claims that she was campaigning within 100 feet of a ballot drop-off location. He said Karen Bass just violated election law here. She is so accustomed to breaking the law with no accountability that she even filmed herself doing it. Let's see that. Well, those days are over, he said. We just filed a formal complaint for illegally gaming the election. Electioneering within 100 feet of a ballot box is against the law. Let's take a look at it. Do we have that video of Karen Bass? I think she's, she's standing. Oh, okay. We don't have it. But trust me, she's, she says she's 200 feet away. Spencer's people say it's 100 feet and that she's broken the law. It is a crazy election here. I hate how entrenched this city is. As I was saying, she's unpopular. Polling odds give her a strong lead right now. Some say 25%. What I've seen is she's 8 points ahead of Spencer Pratt, 30 to 22, which is pretty good. But overall, Polly Market and things like that giving her a 60 to 70% chance of eventual reelection. You've got to be kidding me. Cannot be real. Her approval is underwater due to all the crises here in Los Angeles— homelessness, police shortages, corruption, fire failure, empty reservoirs, filth, drugs, safety. People are scared for them. The streets are unsafe. The Vanity Fair article that came out yesterday pretty interesting, opened with basically a scene of Spencer Pratt at a block party in South Central near Crips territory, the Bloods and the Crips. The attendees at that block party: gang-adjacent locals, Westside moms— they must have been bussed in— a pardoned January 6th participant, LAPD officers, and a Playboy Playmate. I mean, this sounds like a reality show. Is he rolling camera on all of this? That's incredible. But there was Spencer in a black suit wearing Vans and of course, his Lakers Pratt hat that he always has on. He's shaking hands, he's dancing, and hopefully listening because his mentor, David Foster, the music producer, told him, you got to listen, listen more, talk less, listen more. At this phase, he said he's trying. Okay. How it all started for Spencer Pratt. You probably know he entered the race initially just to damage Karen Bass as much as possible by exposing her failings, which are aplenty. He did not expect to win. Now he's sleeping under 4 hours a night, and for 18 months straight, he's telling Vanity Fair he's for sure going to be mayor. Because it, quote, energetically feels that way. Remember, he's a crystals entrepreneur. He used to sell crystals before this in his Pratt Daddy business. He says he feels one arm already in the future, right? All those things that pop into your Instagram feed, right, about manifestation. He's there. He says he feels it. He can already see that it's happened. The best quote in the Vanity Fair article: If I'm not going to get elected mayor because I never apologized to Elsie Lauren Conrad, I'll take that. People can die on the streets because Elsie got paid millions because I boosted our show and I took the fall as the full villain. I mean, I don't think the people that— whose— the people whose vote he really needs, I don't think they know who Elsie is. Right. What makes Spencer a confusing candidate in a good way? The left wants to paint him as MAGA. Trump wants to call him MAGA. I hate to disappoint everybody, but, you know, Spencer supports transgender rights. He says it's common sense. That's America. I think he means I support the welcome everybody, vilify nobody. He calls his wife Heidi Montag a gay icon. Did it right here on this show last week. He opposes ICE raids in Los Angeles. He said, I don't want ICE here, but I don't want, you know, I want to get the murderers and the rapists out. He claims divine guidance. He's Jesus in the multiverse, and his religious beliefs and faith is not an act. I know that for sure. He claims he's cool with the Crips and the Bloods. Says he's meeting the Bloods next. He's like maybe the mayor of— mayor of Kingstown, right? Maybe he becomes like the mayor of Kingstown, Jeremy Renner's character. He's friends with all the gangs, you know, he's negotiating. Spencer says he's open to a Doge-style efficiency cuts, you know, program. Of course, I don't know, the federal government gave up on that quickly. But trying to put him in a box, you can't do it. He's a candidate. He's not a Republican. He's not a Democrat. He is representing, like I've always said, angry Angelinos. The supporters, people who are backing him all the way to the hilt. Newsweek reviewed actual donation records and found a lot of celebrities who expressed public support are not actually confirmed donors, haven't given money. And that distinction matters, I think. Confirmed donors: Jeanie Buss, owner of the Lakers. Jeff Jenkins, big producer, did the Kardashians and Simple Life. David Foster and Catherine McPhee. They hosted a big fundraiser at their house. Brian Grazer, Elliott Grange, the, the music producer. Here's two interesting ones that have given money. Haim Saban, who is a billionaire Democrat donor in Los Angeles, big Democrat. And Nicole Avant, who is the wife of Ted Sarandos, CEO of Netflix, co-founder of Netflix. Reed Hoffman, major Democrat. How about that? How about Reed Hoffman running into Nicole Avant at the next Netflix party? You gave money to Spencer Pratt? Nicole? Yeah, right. Uh, now public supporters. Who have not given money or not confirmed to have given money. Paris Hilton, Kristin Cavallari, Brody Jenner. I'm sure that's changed, though. Brody, they're best friends. Olivia Culpo, Audrina Patridge, Nick Viall, Heather McDonald. What about Billy Bush? Billy Bush is in the Newsweek article. Reporter called me and she's like, have you given money? I said, look, I've been a journalist for a long time, for 20-some years. This move away to independent journalism for myself doing my own show is new to me. I've never given money to any political candidate as I try to maintain, you know, a centrism. But in this case, I have given money to two candidates. One, my brother, who is running for governor of Maine, gave him the max. And I told the writer, I haven't given to Spencer. This was two weeks ago. I said, because we're hosting a luncheon, my girlfriend Ali and I— well, Ali is a co-host of a of a ladies luncheon, and I'm supporting her there, and I'll be giving to Spencer Pratt at that point. She didn't quite write that all the way, but I'm happy to go on the record and say I gave to Spencer Pratt and I gave him the max, the max donation. Spencer says Jamie Foxx and Leo DiCaprio told him they support him, but they did it privately. That doesn't count. Privately gives me PTSD. I remember all the people at NBC who privately supported me. 10 years ago when they were hauling my ass out for no reason. And I'm like, that's so nice of you. Thank you for that lovely text. How about putting it on Twitter? Uh, here's the numbers. Spencer has raised $2.72 million just between April 19th and May 16th. One month. Wow. It's come in fast and furious here in the end. In that period, Karen Bass raised $283,000. So he swamped her. Total raised by Spencer, $3.26 million, and by Karen Bass, $3.13 million. He is polling in second place behind her right now. Spencer thinks all these unions and all these people who are forced and pressured to come out and support Karen Bass, if you actually poll the people within those unions, the individuals, he said, add it up. I guarantee you they're voting for me. He still says he's gonna walk away the mayor in 5 days.

[12:52] **Speaker C:** Wow.

[12:53] **Speaker B:** Can he win? The guy that ran before him, who everybody— I supported, I thought he was just an amazing candidate, Rick Caruso. I'm sure you've heard that name if you don't live in LA. He's a big real estate developer around here. He served as the head of the LADWP Commission and Police Commission, and he's, he's been actively involved in city government, but not an elected official. He knows the ins and outs of this city. You can't think of a better manager and CEO to literally fix the place. And that was in 2022, and he lost to Karen Bass by 10 points. He was a superb candidate. Like what? How the hell did that happen? Can Spencer Pratt close that gap? So Rick Caruso finally spoke on a podcast called Social Currency about why he did not run again himself and sort of what has changed in the landscape that makes it possible for Spencer.

[14:00] **Speaker D:** I loved when I ran for mayor. I was obviously disappointed when I lost. The world has changed so much in the last 3 years since I ran, or 3 and a half years, people are angrier. And I was just worried about the well-being of the family. They're angrier because we've got a president who's really says some terrible things. And a lot of it from the far left is beating up on successful people. And that was exactly my concern, that I'm going to run for office in an era where being successful or being a billionaire is a bad thing. It has the potential of harming my family. And the only thing I care about at the end of the day is my family.

[14:40] **Speaker B:** Yeah, I think he's going to support Spencer as soon as the Tuesday is done. I think he's going to come out in favor when it's mano a mano. He's not going to stay silent on this one. And Spencer would be very well served to consult Rick and beg for his involvement, and we'd all be lucky to have it. So Spencer has caused also major division in the reality TV world. You know, by the way, the reality TV people, they're all split like some are in, some are out. But this is a genre known for backstabbing, hating, most of all, most telling of all, perhaps jealousy. We'll get into that list. Let's go back to that list. But our guest is— I don't want to— I don't want to keep— I didn't know he was here at the top. I've been watching. Speaking of people who support what side they fall on, Doug Ellen is the legendary television producer of the series Entourage, a guy who spent, frankly, frankly, a lot of times showing the world how beautiful LA is. Think of the beauty shots that Doug Allen laid out as part of the Entourage show, right? I mean, how many people traveled here because they wanted to be part of it? Thanks to that show. Doug is joining us right now and he's driving through the streets of LA. Doug, uh, be— keep your eyes on the road because of those potholes, buddy. I've gone through 4 tires in 6 months.

[16:07] **Speaker C:** You know what? I've got— I'm lucky. I know everyone will hate me in LA, even though I bought this car when I was a liberal, you know, to save the world. But I'm in the Tesla. It's driving for me. I'm not really doing anything, you know, just keeping my eyes on the road.

[16:20] **Speaker B:** Let me pick up on what you just said. When I was a liberal, what happened? How was it in the heyday of your liberalism? Was it— was it good? Did you feel good? Do you feel better about yourself? Did you like your city? Why did you change?

[16:33] **Speaker C:** You know what? I don't know what's going on in the world, but I love this city so much. I dreamt my entire childhood of going to LA, of making movies, of making TV shows. And from the moment I got here, it was everything that I dreamt it could be. And opportunities felt possible. You felt safe. You felt the beauty and an edge and a creativity that was here. And that honestly is gone. And, uh, You know, I've said this, you know, on social media, but the amount of my friends— and I'm talking the workers in this town, of cinematographers and grips and lighting people, whatever— who can't get jobs, who've worked for 30 years. So the Hollywood business, we all know there's other problems besides the leadership, from the streaming to all the, you know, all the other places giving breaks. It really is bad here, and I'm really sick and tired of the media trying to gaslight us and tell us that everything is great, we're imagining everything that's happening, you know. And, um, you know, I posted yesterday that about a year ago— and people thought it was yesterday, but it wasn't— my house was broken into. I watched it from a Ring camera, not there, and I saw two guys kicking the doors to my house. And it, you know, has really changed my entire neighborhood over the last 5 years and it's become, you know, it's just become completely uncomfortable. And I went to Nashville for 6 months to try something different. And honestly, it's a better life there, but I still love this place and wanna fight to get it back to where it was. So I came back.

[18:08] **Speaker B:** Wow. So you came back for this fight. You just showed a little, we have a clip, but this is Doug Ellen has been very bold and posting on social media. About what's really happening here and his experience. Let's just play a little bit of this for a second. Here we go. Here's Doug.

[18:24] **Speaker E:** One of 15 cameras that I now have at this house. Two German Shepherds, three legal guns. Five years ago, didn't lock a door here, but you know what happened? Two animals invaded my house. And no, I'm not racist because they were wearing masks. I don't know if they were white. I don't know if they were Jewish. I don't know if they were fucking rabbis. I know they were animals because they invaded my house. I know I don't care what what their excuses are, like a lot of you fucking care. I know invaders of home should get 20 years, but I'm not paranoid, so I don't believe your bullshit about the stats and the crime because everyone in my neighborhood has got the same.

[18:57] **Speaker B:** Yeah, I'm just going to go out on a limb and say they're probably not rabbis.

[19:01] **Speaker C:** But yeah, you know, I've been called anti-Semitic a couple of times on my Instagram today. That was clearly, obviously a joke to say I don't care what color or what race or what religion anybody is. I don't want them in my house. I want to keep my children safe, my pets safe, and everybody else.

[19:18] **Speaker B:** So is that a risk? You know, is that risky? You know, there's this trope that anyone who speaks out for anything other than the Democrat establishment in this town has, you know, is risking their career in some way, risking, you know, success. Is that— is that— do you feel that?

[19:40] **Speaker C:** Well, the good news, the good news is, is I'm not working. And you know, how it will affect whatever I do in the future or not is really not my concern at the moment. I want a place, you know, one of the reasons I worked so hard for so many years was to give my children a better life. And right now, you know, I've got one child who will not come back to California, is living in Arizona, who was raised here his whole life and just has been begging me to leave for 5 years. And I have a 22-year-old daughter who, you know, debates every day whether she can start a life here in California, and a 3-year-old. So all I care about is keeping them safe and giving them opportunities for the future. So whatever anybody thinks about what I have to say is meaningless to me. But what you can see behind the scenes, as you've talked about, is the amount of real liberal people. And we're talking about people who will fight you if you say you like Donald Trump. Those people are fed up with what's going on in LA. So the national issue has nothing to do with anything I'm talking about. I am not a Donald Trump fan. I did not vote for him, um, and I'm not gonna sit here and tell you Spencer Pratt can save LA. What I can tell you is the status quo is destroying it and we need to try something different. And like you just said a minute ago, Rick Caruso— I mean, to be lucky enough to get a guy like that who wants to commit to public service. And then to have our president, our vice president come here to endorse a woman who didn't have any experience, by the way, either, who, you know, is clearly, you know, leaning towards, uh, you know, when the fires happen, you know what I did when I heard about the winds 2 days before? I told my fiancée we had to take the baby, we had to take dogs and the cat. And we had to get out of here because we don't know what's going to happen and we can't protect it. That's what she did.

[21:32] **Speaker B:** Karen Bass got out of here too. Yeah, she went to Ghana. She went to Ghana for the inauguration of the president of Ghana.

[21:39] **Speaker C:** I don't know how anyone could say anything else, but that should be disqualifying to ever be in public office again. And I don't know what the mayor of Los Angeles has to be in Ghana forever during her time here. And again, I'm not going to change the political system, but I don't think local mayors should be traveling out of the country while they're being paid by us.

[21:58] **Speaker B:** You know, don't forget, part of her election promises, part of when she was campaigning, she promised, I will never leave the country. I will always— and she left the country 5 times in the first term. So she— and I mean, it's astounding that she saw, you know, and Spencer Pratt, by the way, brought up in the election, he brought up— excuse me. In the debate, Spencer Pratt—

[22:23] **Speaker C:** sorry, I—

[22:24] **Speaker B:** oh, no worries. Spencer Pratt brought up in the debate that happened on May 5th or May 6th. He said, look, the winds on the first 2 days were below 40 miles an hour right off the bat. So we could have gotten— she said, oh no, they weren't. They were over 100. He's lying in this fact check. They were under 40 miles an hour. So you absolutely could have gotten water out of the Palisades Reservoir with your own choppers instead of having to go fly over to Encino and grab them and get them over. Totally ill-prepared. All the while, she's telling her deputy mayor, who happens to be on house arrest at the time, you know, for calling in a fake bomb threat, calling in a bomb threat because he didn't want to attend a meeting. That's who she has as deputy mayor. That guy's— she's getting on a plane and says, don't worry about it, I'm still going to go. So the city's in the hands of nobody and she takes off. That is the most glaring part. And then the list of, you know, of, you know, police shortages and homelessness and the missing $2 billion and all the NGO fraud. It goes on forever. The safety in the streets, the, the drug addiction problem, the potholes, the— it's the infrastructure. It goes on and on and on. I'm so worried, Doug, that if Caruso can't do it and somehow Spencer can't do it, Is it totally unfixable? And what does that mean to you? Is it like, I'm sorry, I got to— now I do have to go back to Nashville.

[23:58] **Speaker C:** You know, I'm on a 3-year plan with a 3-year-old daughter who I want to grow up in a place that, you know, I feel is safe and affords opportunities for her. So I'm on a 3-year plan to see what happens. And again, I don't like to make crazy— I don't like to make crazy statements like, oh, Spencer Pratt is our savior. But right now, I think this is the worst I've seen this place in the 30 years I've been here. The amount of people that I know, like I said, working-class people to very wealthy people who have left over the last 5 years, is more than the previous 30 years combined. And that money, as we all know, is tax money that is going to be taken away and more services will be gone. And who, again, who is gonna bear the brunt of that is, of course, is gonna be poorer people, because that's what always happens. So these politicians come in and they blame all the rich people, and they say they're going to take their taxes and they're going to make everything better for the lesser people, and they don't. And we know that they just enrich themselves. So I again want to say clearly, I don't like either party. I find the political system to be to be in shambles, and I don't know how to fix it. I wish I, I wish I did. But right now we need change here, and we need at least someone who's willing to speak out on the issues and not be worried that they're just going to be canceled for being politically incorrect. Anyone with a heart feels bad for anyone who is homeless, but we cannot have lunatic drug addicts chasing our children around the streets. We just can't have it. There is no society that can exist like that. So, you know, now that the election is happening, all of a sudden Karen Bass and Newsom, they're like, no, oh, we know it's a problem. They've said it wasn't a problem. They've told us there is no problem for years. So now they want to win again, and we have to just stand up and try to do something else. And do I wish Rick Caruso was running again? Of course I do. But right now, the person who is speaking to me, who is saying the things that I want to hear Spencer Pratt, then I have to pray he can implement those things, you know, which is very difficult here. The city councils which Rahman is on are very powerful, and for whatever reason, they are intent on just destroying the place. And I don't get it.

[26:18] **Speaker B:** Well said, Doug. I appreciate it. Thank you so much, buddy. You're— I'm following you on the gram. I love what you're posting. I love your honesty. I could not agree with you more. I'm a radical centrist. I don't see either party delivering, you know, as a— on the whole in our country. And it's deeply flawed. But you and I are part of the Common Sense Party. Thank you, my man. Appreciate you.

[26:44] **Speaker C:** Absolutely. Be good. We'll play some pickleball.

[26:46] **Speaker B:** Oh, he's a very good pickleball player, folks. Doug Ellin hits. He's very, very strong. And I always say, you know, I'm strong. But I think— I hate to say it, but I think Doug might be stronger. Oh, he's still there. Don't— I didn't say that. I didn't say that, you chump. You suck. Bye. But think about the beautiful— what he did for the city of Los Angeles, what Doug Ellin did just by— I mean, the image he put out there. God, the beautiful, like driving down Beverly Hills with Turtle and like, you know, and Johnny Drama and it's just So beautiful. I mean, the guy did everything he could to sell Los Angeles. And right now, you know, it might be a few people thinking, I got buyer's remorse. Okay, so where do people stand other than Doug? You see where Doug stands. Here are the people who are for Spencer Pratt. Joe Rogan. He said, if I lived in LA, I'd vote for Spencer Pratt. That's big. Doesn't live in LA, but it's big. Paris Hilton is, you know, commented Spencer for mayor on her social media posts. Kristin Cavallari. Called him an effing genius for running. She also said he's a real person who's going to call out the corruption in LA. But, you know, she lives in Nashville. Catherine McPhee lives here. She and her husband David Foster put on a nice fundraiser a few weeks ago at their house. They've given money. She sang for him. I saw her at the— at the following week, the fundraiser Ali was co-hosting. She came to that as well. Brody Jenner from The Hills. Khloe Kardashian liking the post. Bethenny Frankel is jumping in. Here's an interesting one. I love James Woods, who's like, he's pretty hardcore Republican guy. I haven't seen him work since, but I don't know, maybe, maybe he's made so much money. He said Spencer Pratt is surprisingly effective, direct, polite, and prepared in tonight's debate. Oh, that was a reaction to the debate on May 5th. And prepared. Woods, he said the other two have a history, have history as their enemy because everything they've done has been a catastrophe. He can absolutely win this thing. The people who are against him, Lisa Rinna. Lisa Rinna, she was against me when I got fired. I've always said she and I were friends. She came to my birthday party. My 40th birthday in Mexico, and I had a big party. I just went all out. She came, she and Harry Hamlin. She was my friend. And then when I got fired from NBC, she told— she kind of turned on me, like, you know, he's not the guy we thought he was, or something like that. Like, fuck. So I've always been chapped, and I don't like it because I love Harry so much, but I'm just kind of like, eh. Well, for what it's worth, Lisa argued that LA should be run by someone with governing experience. How much did Karen Bass have? Please, not another reality TV celebrity. She said you wouldn't want me as mayor. I mean, let's just face it, I love him. I think he's amazing. I just think we did that, referring to Trump. Let's have somebody who's already been mayor. The mayor of San Jose, maybe, which is that Matt Mahan guy. I don't know. Well, how about Daniel? The most successful mayor in the country right now is the mayor of San Francisco. Daniel Lurie never held office before. The outsider experience worked in that case. How about Drew Carey? The Price is Right. Who made him so angry? Jesus. He goes, anyone who votes for or endorses Spencer Pratt for mayor of LA needs to get their head out of their ass. Bob Barker was never that angry. He said, I understand being angry, unsatisfied, but at least get behind someone competent and not some serial scammer without a soul or moral compass. And he says, fuck this guy already. Fuck you, Drew Carey. How about that? I'm going to say it. You can say that to him. I'm going to say that to you. We did get— Karen Bass was the mayor for 4 years and our city is in disrepair. Maybe you don't see it. I don't know where you live or if you ever get outside of the enclave, but I don't know. I don't know. I didn't mean to say fuck you, Drew Carey. But, you know, it's just Drew Carey. Like, who cares? Rachel Lindsay, my friend Rachel Lindsay of The Bachelorette. She commented on one of my Instagram posts like, how? Why? Why are you supporting him? What's going on? Why are you doing this? No, I said, Rach, Let's have this conversation because you and I are friends on hot mics. And she said, you got it, but I'm traveling. I'll be back June 2nd. We know that Spence— we, we all believe Spencer and Karen Bass will go head to head all summer long. So Rachel will be here for that. Chrishell Stause of Selling Sunset. Jesus, what happened to her? She's commenting on a post about Catherine McPhee supporting problematic, problematic men in her life, referring to her first husband and taking a shot, I would guess, at her second husband, David Foster. She says Kat has a problem. Katherine has a problem with Susan supporting problematic men like Spencer.

[32:14] **Speaker C:** Wow.

[32:15] **Speaker B:** I don't think these two women know each other. But in fact, I saw Katherine McPhee and she was like, I don't know this woman. Like, what is she doing attacking me and my problem with problematic men? Like, come on. It just seems like someone was up drinking. And then a big one is Stephanie Pratt, Spencer's sister. In February, she was like against her brother, kind of like Trump's sister. But she's had a total about-face. She said he's not qualified, he's inexperienced, he's just trying to stay famous. I think I think some— I don't know what's going on with her, but she has come full, fully around and says the opposite. She's now totally on board. I admit I was the first person to tell people that they were idiots if they voted for my brother. Why was I wrong? He has spent every day since the fires finding the facts, the mistakes, the negligence, and uncovering the truth that they never wanted us to know. God, is she beautiful.

[33:21] **Speaker C:** Whoa.

[33:22] **Speaker B:** I forget where she's been. I'm looking at a photograph of Stephanie Pratt. She's stunning. But I think maybe, maybe, you know, her arc with her own brother represents a lot of the arc of a lot of people. Oh my God. What are we looking at here? New photographs. Who does she look? She looks a little like Ashley Simpson. Ashley Simpson. This is the then and now. Did she get some work done? Some cosmetic surgery? Good for her. She did a great job. Sometimes people do it and it doesn't look good, but wow. Her before— better than Blake Lively. I'll say that. The nose. That's an easy fix, right? Makes a huge difference. Oh, Steve, you were ready for this. Look at this. Stephanie Pratt, then versus now. She got a rhinoplasty? The lips, they were thin before, now fuller. The cheeks in the midface, softer, rounder, more sculpted cheekbones. I don't think she did anything to her cheekbones, frankly. Uh, the eyes and the eyelids and the brows, I don't see much change there, just make it— God, she's stunning. Um, teeth, overall glow, has great teeth anyway. Um, Yeah, I haven't— haven't seen her in a while, but yeah, she's had a full— she's had a full about-face. Can we— the question that I think about with Spencer Pratt and all these people, and by the way, like Sam Jackson, like, who supports Karen Bass? Samuel L. Jackson is the only person that supports Karen Bass. Here we go. Let's listen to Sam Jackson.

[35:02] **Speaker C:** These are the times we need someone who understands government, who also understands the needs of the people.

[35:08] **Speaker B:** Someone who go in the streets and gather the people together, not someone who divide them.

[35:16] **Speaker C:** Karen Bass is that person.

[35:20] **Speaker B:** Take him down, Sam. I admire Sam's balls to go out and say this is— she's going to gather people together. And by the way, reading every word of that, none of that is authentic. None of that is off the— none of that is heartfelt. None of that is off the hip. But the question with Spencer that I think about is, can we in life evolve, or are we stuck being the person that people want us to be? Like, it used to be you could be an asshole or an idiot when you were young, and then you could evolve into a grown-up who has different views. You could even change parties. And that's called evolution. That's called growing up. You know, I don't think that can happen now in the age of social media unless you're on the— in the ruling class, let's say. Right. People are saying Spencer Pratt was this reality TV villain and a total huckster. And how can he possibly be mayor of the second largest city in America now? Well, look, he's, he's got a degree in poli, you know, poli sci, political science from USC. He went to college after all that stuff. He went back to get his degree. He's a person of faith and he seems pretty organized, detailed. He's got his facts together. He's a different person, I think. Why was Jimmy Kimmel allowed to evolve? I'm not— listen, roll this right now. This is Jimmy Kimmel on The Man Show back in the day before he became a proselytizing liberal who stands on stage and bleeds from his heart for the less fortunate. And he's about as progressive and part of the Democrat elite in the media I would say he's in the, in the upper echelons along with George Stephanopoulos and, you know, others. But this is the old Jimmy Kimmel. That's it. I mean, here they are in the Man Show in New York. Look at this. Look at this. Oh my God, that is so misogynist and sexist. Oh, whoa. He's pretending to, you know what, her butt. He's grinding behind her. Chubby Jimmy, right? Chubby Jimmy was grinding this nice, innocent woman from behind. She didn't know what was going on. Liberals, tell me you are outraged with what you just saw. Oh, I think cancel him now. Absolutely. Never mind the blackface. I'm not saying cancel him. I'm looking for, you know, equal equal canceling here? Absolutely not. He was a total— he was a young fool. And then he became a responsible father and all these things. You should be allowed to do that in America, in society. So good on you, Jimmy. Now you can allow the same space for Spencer Pratt. Okay. Love you, Spencer. I'm moving on. The last remaining tentacle. To the tragic Matthew Perry death by ketamine. Oh, so sad. Has been settled. Back in October of 2023. I'll never forget it. Matthew Perry's— Matthew Perry died in his hot tub. His live-in personal assistant, Kenneth Iwamasa, is now going to jail for 41 months. He's the last person to answer for this tragedy. Kenneth injected Matthew with the ketamine, and of course he died in the tub. How many personal assistants in Hollywood are breathing a sigh of retroactive relief today, right now? I mean, it could have been a host of different people who've gone and gotten drugs, you know, for the person they work for and probably help them, you know, put them in the— Charlie Sheen's assistant, I mean, holy shit. Anyway, Kenneth Iwamasa coordinated with two doctors to produce— I mean, to get, get a hold of more than $50,000 of ketamine in the weeks before Matthew's death. Prosecutors proved that the guy had no medical training. Of course he didn't kill Matthew, I mean, obviously, but, you know, was he an enabler, an aider and abettor? Does this punishment, 41 months in jail, fit the crime? What do you think? The ketamine queen, says my cat. Karen says ketamine queen was already sentenced. This guy was the last one. Yeah, good. Jail time is appropriate. Kenneth gave Perry a good dose as per Perry's request to give him a good hit. And so the doctor did. What a fool. He deserves some jail time. Definitely deserves some jail time. Unfortunately, you're part of, you know, a drug overdose and you injected the drugs. So you got to answer that. You know, it's just— it's just sad. Look, a lot of people commenting on Kimmel here. Kimmel is no better than Trump. He really sucks. Kimmel speaks politics every night on his show and always tries to sway the vote. He just acts like he's the moral god and better than everyone. There's an exception for Kimmel and everyone else who claims to be a Democrat now. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I just think that, look, let Kimmel— let him evolve. You know what I mean? Like, he's been allowed to. So that should go on both sides of the political spectrum for sure.

[41:07] **Speaker C:** All right.

[41:07] **Speaker B:** Well, look, I really hope that Britney Spears has changed for real this time. I always find myself pulling for her. She's back from rehab. Can she finally break the Adderall addiction and be the mom that we want her to be? Forget the star, forget the singer. We want her to be a good mom to those kids. Come on, girl, you can do it. We don't want a Matthew Perry situation there. And she went to rehab and maybe she's on the right path. We'll talk about it. But first, today's sponsor, PrizePicks, my favorite place to win money, money, money. I did it 2 days ago. I'm still living on the winnings of OKC dominating San Antonio. The app is quick and easy to use. All you got to do is pick more or less on a few player stats. Here's what I am doing for OKC and San Antonio tonight. Can they close it out and win and get ready to face my New York Knicks? We shall see. Here's what we got. Alex Caruso, he performed for me last time, so I'm going for him again. More or less. Than 11.5 points. I say more. Last time they said more or less than 8.5 and he had 20. So I think he's on a roll. Caruso, even though he's on the road, 11.5 more. Okay, Shea Gorgeous Alexander, I'm going to say he's on the road, so it's going to be less than 30 points for him, but more than 27.5 points for Victor Wembanyama. All right, you can win up to 2,000 times your cash on a single lineup right now. PrizePicks will give you $50 when you play your first $5 lineup. So use the promo code HOTMIKES. Download the PrizePicks app. Quick Blake Lively update. I know we haven't talked about her in quite some time. She wants you to know her husband has yummy arms. Okay. Oh, yes, baby. She says delicious. Van City Reynolds, my husband, your arms, your body is delicious. Oh, he is peptiding in a big way, at least if not testosterone like every other male movie star in Hollywood. He is HGHing. He is peptiding. There is no question. Ryan Reynolds doesn't naturally have veins popping out of his biceps. He's a spindly little fella. Those are thanks to injectables. Yummy, yummy, she says. Um, anyway, I will say this: are the peptides safe? Because if they are, I'd like to find something to just get rid of my Dunlop's disease. My father used to call it Dunlop's disease when the belly dunlop over the belt. It is that muffin top, that's that little— what do you call it? It's a love handle. It just— it's bothersome, it's there, it doesn't go away. Now let's talk about our girl Britney Spears here for a second. I really, really, really want her to be okay. I do. I continue to pull for— she's out of rehab. She went to rehab in New England. I know exactly where she went. I don't want to say it, but it's, it's a really beautiful, good place, good people. They do good work. And now she's back. She's reconnecting with her sons. I think the straw— I hope the straw that broke the camel's back is the March 4th DUI arrest in Ventura County. I hope that was rock bottom. You can roll that, Steve-O. What if we have you get out of the car?

[44:44] **Speaker C:** We'll put you in one of our cars and we'll drive around the corner. So we're somewhere that there isn't a bunch of people driving by.

[44:49] **Speaker B:** Oh, I don't want to get in your car. You can come to my house. I'll make you food and lasagna or whatever you want. I have a pool. My babies are coming to my house tonight. So, um, I'll make you lasagna. My babies are coming to my house tonight. Please, I don't want to get in your car. She spoke intermittently in a British accent, which she tends to do. It's not a good one, by the way. She offered them lasagna. She said, come swim in the pool. I mean, this is just— oh, God. She appeared obviously emotionally erratic, admitted that admitted that she was taking prescription medications. I have said this from the beginning. She admitted to Lamictal and Prozac. Lamictal is a mood stabilizer. Prozac, of course, an antidepressant. And she had an unprescribed bottle of Adderall in her possession. I'm the only person from the beginning who has been telling you about this Adderall addiction, and I've known about it forever. But that's her big problem because alcohol-wise, she was at the legal limit. So they didn't give her a DUI. But Adderall has the effects on the brain, effects on the brain and the mood. Like it's a chronic, you know, it's a— the way she uses it, it's chronic. A chronic stimulant can cause depression, irritability, anxiety, uh, and in some cases paranoia and psychosis. I've seen it in a friend of mine's beloved wife, and you can see it with Britney. Like, it has taken— it— she has abused it so long, it has really taken its toll. This has to be the end. So after that, she went on a yacht trip with her kids, Preston and Jayden. More dancing though, the weird dancing and stuff, and the moves and She looks pretty, but, um, kids look great. They've grown up, they're so handsome. Oh, look at those beautiful boys.

[46:50] **Speaker E:** Wow.

[46:51] **Speaker B:** Gotta give K-Fed some credit for that. But do it for them, babe. Her trip to rehab seems to be a success, I think. She went voluntarily on April 12th. Uh, April 30th, from rehab, she got the news that she, uh, was formally charged with a DUI because she was under the influence of all those pills. And then the lawyering began. And on May 4th, she got another big break. She ultimately pleaded guilty to a reduced wet reckless charge. I've never heard of that before. Instead of a DUI, you're a little wet and you're reckless. I've never heard of wet reckless, but That's what she got. Rather than the DUI, she avoided major jail time. Nice deal, given that the police, you know, also claimed officers observed slurred speech, watery eyes, erratic driving behavior. What's interesting, like I told you, the breathalyzer readings came back below California's legal alcohol limit, which is, you know, part of why the final— part of the reason why the final deal was reduced to wet reckless. But it's Adderall. It's Adderall. She's got to break that addiction. And by the way, Britney does not agree that she's been treated well. She put out a statement criticizing the chatter and the humiliation surrounding the leaked footage of the DUI arrest, said the ongoing scrutiny has been emotionally painful. I think she has been treated well, and every celebrity that gets pulled over for DUI has that tape come out. They're always released. Okay, let's talk for a second about a— yeah, you want to end on this? Let's see. This is a show that I really want to start watching, except for I started watching The Sopranos, but I feel like— you tell me, will I be depressed if I watch Euphoria? Like, is it too much? I have young daughter. I have daughters who are 21, 25, 27. I don't want to see girls of that age doing stuff. And younger and younger. I know. That's why I haven't. How do you know either? I think, yeah, it's too much for me, I think.

[49:08] **Speaker C:** Hmm.

[49:09] **Speaker B:** Well, apparently in the penultimate episode, the finale of season 2 is on Sunday. But last week's episode, Homer Gear. Richard Gere's son, 26-year-old Homer. Homer is a tough name. Homer Gere shows up on the show. Now, Jacob Elordi's character apparently dies. So there goes the big hot Elordi, and in comes hot Homer Gere, who's 26 years old, and he has a sex scene with Sydney Sweeney. These young kids are having so much fun. It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. But kind of a good-looking guy and the son of Richard Gere. So I don't know if I should watch it. Do I watch this? Let's look at the chat, people. What do you say? Billy, it will upset you. It's dark and kind of scary to think young people are like this and young people are being encouraged to be like this. Ugh. Shawna says, I vote for The Sopranos. Oh yeah. No, it's so fun. I love it. It's 1999. Turn of the century, man. But graphics are terrible. The low def, the filming is like fuzzy. It's, it's so great. They didn't clean it up. I'm not going to stop that. Euphoria is a tough watch. Makes me feel so icky, says Jenny Lulu. And yet you don't stop, Jenny, do you? You stay right in there. All right. We're going to talk about some of these crazy facelifts that are going on. I don't know what to do about all of this. Lori Loughlin, we gotta— I gotta do it. Lori Loughlin, Steve, are you prepared for this or no? You're good to go. Lori Loughlin, an amazing facelift. Let's just say it, it's awesome. Kris Jenner, amazing facelift, doing a great job. She's 70-something. Lindsay Lohan, still, I think, too young. To be getting a facelift. But if you're going to get a facelift, wow, really good. The latest woman to hop on the facelift train I didn't see coming, Rosie O'Donnell. Rosie, 64 years old, just got the lower deep plane facelift. She says it costs more money than I ever have paid for a car. She's been posting like crazy about it, which means Did she get a discount? She promised she'd never alter her features, but she's— I don't know. She's chumming for— she's chumming for good-looking girls out there along with every other 64-year-old guy. So, you know, you got to stay up with it. I mean, is that the post you just put up? Jesus, don't give her the— give her the post, Steve. Don't put up Rosie's old photo, her doctor's gonna faint. There you go. Yeah, the eyes are opened up a little bit, pulled back a little. She looks good, right? I don't know. Would you get a facelift? They're expensive as shit these days. I can tell you right now that the first person I mentioned, over $500,000. For the facelift, over $500K. And if you're a really rich person, I mean, what else would you spend money on than like a great face? But you don't want to fuck up your face. Simon Cowell. As for the men, Simon Cowell, I don't know what he's doing, but he cannot stop. And I cannot— I refuse to put up a picture of him because I wince when I see it. The one that really grabbed me, I can't remember what the name of the series was. I just watched a series with him in it. Justin Theroux, who was married to Aniston. What did you do? What was the show? Oh, sorry, Devil Wears Prada. Devil Wears Prada 2, the movie. Um, what has he done? What a handsome guy. This— whatever he did to his face is not okay. Holy shit. He literally doesn't look the same. He doesn't look the same. He looks— he's, you know, he looks like in that— in Devil Wears Prada, too. He looks like— if you follow me here, he looks like a bloated Fisher Stevens.

[53:49] **Speaker C:** Put—

[53:49] **Speaker B:** before we leave, before we exit the show today, somebody pull up a photo of another photo of Justin Theroux from The Devil Wears Prada. And I'm telling you, he is a bloated Fisher Stevens. It's a great call. Adam Levine, people are saying, got a facelift from Maroon 5. He's too young for this shit. A guy in his 40s. Look at that on the left. Don't do that, dude. Tom Brady, I think— I don't think Tom Brady had a facelift at all. Maybe a little Botox. Always doing the cheek suck. Only girls are allowed to do that, Tommy. John Travolta's new look. Have you seen him from the red carpet in Cannes? What is going on here? Look at the before and after. 2018, 64 years old. Rugged, rugged. And Pepe Le Pew over here in 2026 with his little beret and a Clearly a facelift that's been tucked in there. But the thing is, I think it's all part of the Ozempic. There he is, John Travolta preening on the red carpet in Cannes. Eh, facelift actually looks okay. See, the problem is when you do Ozempic or Mounjaro, your skin gets loose. You got to follow it up with a facelift. You lose the weight, you suck in the skin. Good to go. Make sure you're paying the best people. Okay, that's it for us. Thank you guys for being with us here on Hot Mikes, The Daily Edition. Remember Spencer Pratt. It is Election Day, June 2nd, which is 5 days from now, next Tuesday. And on Monday we will be joined. I believe we'll do it Monday. We will be joined by the the front-runner, barely, in the race for California governor, and that is Steve Hilton. Yeah, he's out front. Thanks, guys. Thanks for listening on TuneIn, watching on Facebook and YouTube, and we will see you next time. Back Monday.

[55:53] **Speaker C:** Bye-bye.

[56:03] **Speaker B:** Another compliment. There she is.

[56:19] **Speaker A:** When equipment breaks down and operations come to a halt, every single second counts. So why is your maintenance team spending 60% of their time doing anything but turning wrenches?

[56:31] **Speaker E:** Ah.

[56:32] **Speaker A:** MaintainX is the AI-powered maintenance and asset management system that helps your team get back to actually fixing breakdowns. No more searching for manuals, no more hunting down parts, no more drowning in paperwork. With MaintainX, your team can access manuals from anywhere, create new procedures in minutes, and turn voice notes into clear and complete work order feedback. What used to take hours now only takes minutes. Keep your operations moving and your wrenches turning. Join over 13,000 maintenance teams that are already Fixing more and filing less. Try MaintainX for free today. Go to maintainx.com/ai. That's maintain and the letter x.com/ai.

[57:14] **Speaker F:** You can stream all the podcasts you already love right on TuneIn, available on your smartphone, on your tablet, and even on your connected devices. There's so much to explore, like mind-blowing facts about your world.

[57:27] **Speaker B:** So they were disallowed from Speaking their language.

[57:31] **Speaker F:** In-depth conversations with A-list celebrities.

[57:33] **Speaker C:** I was, I was ready to go, you know, after— I wanted to fulfill my contract.

[57:37] **Speaker F:** True crime podcasts you just can't stop listening to.

[57:40] **Speaker B:** Others escape justice to live and die in infamy. These—

[57:45] **Speaker F:** plus the news and sports content you crave in podcast form.

[57:48] **Speaker C:** Couldn't run in a straight line very quickly and didn't have much of an arm. His arm is stronger now.

[57:54] **Speaker F:** So whether you want to Save your go-to shows for later by subscribing and listening offline. Or you want to discover a whole slate of new podcasts to be obsessed with. TuneIn is your destination. True crime, sports, lifestyle, culture, news, and so much more. TuneIn is Podcast Central. Hear them all here.
