# One Star Review for Bill 2669 (07/09)

**Show:** The John Kobylt Show
**Date Published:** 2026-07-10
**Date Found:** 2026-07-10
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/john-and-ken-on-demand/one-star-review-for-bill-2669-07-09?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 31 minutes

## Summary

This 31-minute episode of The John Kobylt Show mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The John Kobylt Show

## Key Moment

> "This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human. Forget everything you had planned for this weekend because you are sitting on your couch and winning from the comfort of your own home. I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play hundreds of slot games, all the table games you love, and you could even win real cash prizes. New users, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 at spinquest.com. .com. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobalt podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Good afternoon everyone, KFI AM 640, and we're also on the iHeartRadio app. Carl DeMaio sitting in today for John Cobalt while he's out getting much deserved rest. And we are not going to take any rest in getting you up to speed on all the shenanigans happening in California news and politics. And every time, every time I talk about these issues, I kind of feel bad. Because I have a lot of complaining, because there's a lot to complain about. And, you know, look, this is your government that's screwing you over. So I figure you might as well be informed about it. And then, but, but, but here's why I don't want you to feel too bad and why I don't feel as bad. Besides the fact that you have a right to know what's actually going on, what the politicians are actually doing, you need to have a heads up to know what's about to hit you in the you-know-what. I focus on what you can do to fight back, because otherwise I'm just raising your blood pressure and that's not healthy. Sadistic. I don't want to, don't want to get anyone, uh, uh, in a, in a bad space. I want to empower you. And that's really what our Reform California movement is all about. Not just complaining and pointing out the problems, and there are many to be sure. It's about empowering you to take control of your future, to change the direction of this state. And yesterday we spent a good amount of time, and if you didn't listen to yesterday, definitely grab the iHeartRadio app from yesterday's shows, 'cause I had Steve Hilton on, our candidate for governor, Mike Gates, our candidate for attorney general, Sonja Shaw, the candidate for superintendent of schools. And I walked through the 5-point plan Reform California has to take back our state. No one is coming to save us. We're gonna have to do it ourselves. And we can do it. The good, the good news here is we can actually take back our state. We can have it back. We can make California golden again. We can be proud of our state again, but it's gonna require that you get off the couch and into the fight. So I'm not gonna beat the horse. I will be inviting you throughout today's show as we talk about all the bad news I have to share. All of the blood pressure-raising topics we're going to explore. I'm going to invite you to do something about it constructively by signing up as a volunteer at reformcalifornia.org so that you can deliver the Plain English Voter Guide to your neighbors this fall during October so we can win the ballot measure fights like passing Prop 39 for voter ID, uh, defeating all the tax hikes that they hidden on the ballot with their deceptive titles. And of course, trying to break the Democrat supermajority in Sacramento and get some good elected officials in your local government. All of that requires that you do something in October, and that is reach out to low-propensity Republicans that are not going to vote. I just need you to give them faith. I need you to give them hope. I need you to give them the cheat sheet, the Plain English Voter Guide. I will give you the voter guide. I will send you the door hangers. And I'm not going to ask you to go to a Democrat household or an independent household. I'm going to send you to a household of someone who basically agrees 100% with our agenda. They're just not going to vote because they have no hope. And they don't know who to vote for because they don't have a voter guide. I need you to contact those people and turn them out. By the way, if this program were running, if these, if these door hangers were done in the primary, and if you were volunteering in the primary, Spencer Pratt would be in the runoff right now, and the trajectory of LA city government would be a totally different, uh, path. So we are doing it in the general election. We needed to wait because we don't have all the resources in the world. We needed to wait for the general election to basically mount this program. Now that we have all the ballot measures on, now that voter ID Prop 39 is on the ballot, we need you now to get off the couch and into the fight. So go to the website reformcalifornia.org, reformcalifornia.org. Sign up as a volunteer, at least sign up so that I can send you the digital voter guide so that you know how to vote and that it's a cheat sheet for you. Uh, even if you don't want to pass it on to someone else, at least get it for yourself. reformcalifornia.org. And then of course, if you can, please chip in a contribution. I— so today we're going to talk about the Voter ID Initiative. Yes on Prop 39. Uh, the opponents of Prop 39, our Voter ID Initiative, launched their campaign today. And of course, they're Right out of the gate lying, and the liberal media is helping them. So we'll tell you what our plan is to win that campaign on a shoestring budget. During our 4 o'clock hour, I'm gonna talk about Gavin Newsom's corruption. What's the over-under on Newsom getting indicted? Oh, a boy can dream. He certainly deserves it. If not for criminal negligence and misdeeds, his rank incompetence. But we're going to explore the various stinky situations— is what I call it— stinky situations hovering around Newsom. Everyone deserves the presumption of innocence, even though Newsom and his cabal don't give that to their opponents. But you'll be the smart one at the dinner party because I'm going to tell you what so far has happened in these criminal investigations and where I believe they're likely to go, where, where Newsom has the greatest risk. But first, I'm going to start out with another element of crime, and that is In California— are you ready for this? Illegal immigrants get treated better than California citizens. And you're like, yeah, and the day ends. And why? We all know illegal immigrants are getting treated better than California citizens. They get all the freebies, the welfare, uh, They get all the attention. They're breaking the law, but somehow we, those of us who want a secure border, are somehow the bad people for saying we'd like to secure the border. So they get all the attention, all the benefit, all the catering, all the focus of our politicians bending over backwards. They will raise your taxes. They will cut your services, as we talked about on healthcare premiums yesterday. Politicians raising the premiums for healthcare on citizens, imposing a $425 per family of 4 healthcare tax on citizens so that they can spend $13 billion of your taxpayer money on free taxpayer-funded health insurance for illegal immigrants. That's what's happening. So when I say illegal immigrants, illegals, get treated better in California than citizens. We got the receipts to prove that on almost every policy. It's time and time again, illegal immigrants get the benefit, the citizens get the shaft. But in the area of criminal justice, do you know that illegal immigrants are getting lighter sentences than citizens for the same exact crime? Did you know that? Oh, it's happening all the time. And there's a major driver of it. And when I tell you what the driver is, you're gonna be like, "Oh, that makes sense." Well, I'm not in agreement with it, still makes my blood boil. I'm ticked off about it, but I see why, Carl, you're observing a truth. That illegal immigrants are getting lighter sentences for the same crime that a citizen commits, that the citizen gets punished more harshly for. It is a policy, it is a practice. This is how it's being done. And there's a very simple reason, motive, as to why California Democrat politicians are doing this, why prosecutors are doing this, why judges are doing this. You know, what happened to equal protection under the law? What happened to justice being blind, that people are treated the same no matter what? You, you did the crime, you will suffer the same punishment as anyone else in your same circumstance. But no, if you're an illegal immigrant, you actually, instead of getting a felony, you'll get a misdemeanor. Instead of getting a harsh sentence, you'll get a light sentence. Oh, it's a pattern, and we got the receipts to prove it. And now California Democrats want to make it illegal, illegal for a prosecutor or a judge to treat an illegal immigrant the same as a citizen when they sentence them for a crime. This is insanity, folks. You are going to be the one with this story tonight, telling all your friends, and they are going to say, what the hell? How has this been a secret in California? Well, it's not gonna be a secret very much longer, and I've got the bill number for you, AB 2669, and I'll walk you through it coming up next. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Carl DeMaio on KFI AM 640 and the iHeartRadio app. We're talking about illegal Immigrants getting treated better than California citizens and taxpayers. We already know that that is clear in terms of the goodies and the freebies and the welfare that they're handing out to illegal immigrants, non-citizens, while they tell citizens, nope, you're not allowed to have that. In fact, we're going to give illegal immigrants free healthcare at taxpayer expense to the tune of $13 billion in our state budget. But we're now going to have a budget deficit because we chose to do that. So we're going to cut your healthcare benefits. We're going to make it harder for you to get public assistance. We are going to raise your healthcare premiums by eliminating subsidies and even imposing a $425 per family of 4 health insurance tax. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. You get crushed as a citizen. The illegal, they get the freebies. The Democrat Party has become subservient, has become completely single-minded and focused on what can we do to benefit the illegal. Screw the taxpayer, screw the citizen. That's their policy. But now we've got something even worse than just the waste of your taxpayer money, and that is completely illegal and unconstitutional, um, violating the 14th Amendment sentencing that is going on every single day in courtrooms around the state of California by liberal prosecutors and liberal judges who for years have said, we can't punish this illegal immigrant to this level because if we do, they might get deported by ICE. Oh, is it making sense now, my friends? You see, if an illegal immigrant commits a crime that's a felony, a serious crime, then they get put higher up on the priority list of ICE to deport them. So what do the prosecutors do? They downgrade the charges. What do the judges do? They say, you know, I'm just not gonna entertain that set of charges. I'm not gonna find him guilty of this. I'll find him guilty of this lesser thing here. And so they are now managing sentencing with an eye towards how do we keep this illegal immigrant here, even though this illegal immigrant is now a criminal, has done something gravely bad, and we're going to treat this illegal immigrant differently than if a citizen walked in and committed the same crime. This week's Politico headline: A sanctuary dispute in Amador County. Quote: A Northern California sheriff who made headlines for his open defiance of the state's sanctuary policy told members of Congress last week that local prosecutors crafted a plea deal to prevent him from getting an alleged child molester deported. The district attorney's office told Politico that's not true. Really? Hold on, we've got the proof that it is. Quote, in the latest case of the national immigration debate roiling local politics, Amador County Sheriff Gary Redmond told a House Judiciary Committee about a 2025 plea agreement that lowered a defendant's felony charge to a simple misdemeanor. Redmond said the county DA's office negotiated a lesser deal in part because of my publicly stated position regarding cooperation with ICE and the likelihood that ICE would be notified upon his relief— release if he were found guilty of a felony. Quote, under SB 54, the sheriff could have contacted ICE because that law, while being a sanctuary state law, still allows certain coordination and collaboration if a person in custody has been convicted of certain crimes. So they are lowballing the punishment and the charges for illegal immigrants. And I mean, I guess you could say they're liberals, so they don't go after criminals writ large. They cater to criminals. But if you're an illegal immigrant, oh, you get a special helping of pity and leniency. An accommodation. Let me remind you that the case, uh, that's being cited here involves a child sex predator. They're willing to let a child sex predator who shouldn't be here in the first place because they're illegal— they're willing to let him have a lighter sentence because they want to keep him out and about in the street. They want to keep that criminal in the community. The DA says, oh no, we wouldn't do that. Really? Well, take a look at Assembly Bill 2669, introduced by Los Angeles Assemblymember Tim Gibson. And what does this bill require? Well, first, it mandates that prosecutors under state law are mandated to confer with defense counsel in a case involving an illegal immigrant to explore any alternative pleas or sentences that would lessen any immigration penalties that would lessen the risk of deportation. Let me make it quite clear. This district attorney said, oh, we would never do that. Now you have a bill that says you are going to be required to do that. And I know that they're doing it because most of these DAs and judges are liberals and they want to help the illegals, even if it means unequal treatment, which is against the Fourteenth Amendment. Fourteenth Amendment says People, when government provides a service or adjudicates a crime, uh, engages in criminal justice, you cannot treat people differently based on status, based on skin color. You cannot treat people differently. Citizen commits a crime, they get a harsher sentence. And these are what these liberal, woke, dangerous Soros prosecutors and judges have been doing all along. But they— the reason why they need Assembly Bill 2669 is they know there's actually some, some, not enough, but some prosecutors and judges that aren't going to do this crap. So you know what the liberals did, like Chirla Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights LA. These groups all got together and said some of the prosecutors actually want to— they want to punish criminals. Some of the prosecutors don't want to allow illegal immigrants out the door. We've got to stop them. We have to force them to give special treatment. And that is Assembly Bill 2669. Oh, and you know what happens? I know I'm against the time. You know what happens if you don't comply with this law as a prosecutor or a judge? Coming up, I'll tell you the penalty for a judge or prosecutor if they don't go light on the illegal immigrant and treat them with a lesser punishment than a citizen. All that and more. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. KFI AM 640 and on the iHeartRadio app, Carl DeMaio sitting in for John Cobalt. We are talking about how illegal immigrants get treated so much better than, oh, I don't know, us normal folk, us citizens. You would think that it's our country, folks, that we're complaining that illegal immigrants are getting so much better than we get. Look, we, we, uh, we are a nation of immigrants, so don't get me wrong. Uh, I'm not a nationalist. I'm not xenophobic, not a racist. We are actually a great country because we've gotten people from all around the world to come here. Uh, people who are the best of the best, because who else has the chutzpah, the, the, the, the courage, the drive to pack up everything, generation after generation, 250 years, uh, going, pack up everything in a country that they know and in a language that they know with all their friends and family, and they go across a very long distance, a dangerous trek, to get to America just because they want a better opportunity. They're not— they never came here generation after generation expecting handouts. They didn't want freebies. They weren't coming to commit crimes. They were coming just for a better opportunity. And so as someone who wants to keep America great, I want to continue to have robust immigration, legal immigration. That's the catch. Oh, but that makes Democrats so angry. Legal immigration. Do you mean we have to vet them? Wait, wait, wait. You mean that, um, We got to not accept everyone who just simply decides that they need to show up. Uh, we have to have a process. We have to make it sustainable. What do you mean that they can't expect handouts when they get here? That's right, we want the best of the best. We want people who are courageous and just looking for an opportunity because that's the sort of fiber that builds an amazing country. And that's what we've seen for generation after generation. So we're not anti-immigrant. We don't treat people differently based on skin color or religion. We just want people to follow the rules and not come here and say the first thing out of their mouth, I get a handout, I have rights, I get this, I got that. And if you don't agree with me, you're a racist. But here we have Assembly Bill 2669 that is basically imposing a new state law that tells prosecutors and judges that they are instructed to treat illegal immigrants better than citizens, that they are supposed to make sure that an illegal immigrant doesn't get a sentence that could put them in jeopardy of being deported, even if that meant that the crime ordinarily would require that sense or that judgment. 'But because they're illegal, we're going to go light on them. But if you're a citizen and you did the same crime, you will have the book thrown at you.' That's what Assembly Bill 2669 does. So it requires that the prosecutor and the judge look out for that and give a lighter sentence. Then it punishes the judge or the prosecutor if they don't give a lighter sentence. It says, quote, 'AB 2669 establishes a violation presumption if defense shows that an alternative offer could have been offered by the prosecution and the prosecution rejected alternative offers from defense without good cause. And finally, it tells judges that they must hold hearings and impose quote, appropriate legal remedies and sanctions and punishment if the prosecution fails to show good cause for declining, quote, immigration safe alternatives. This is what Democrats want. They don't have enough George Soros prosecutors and judges out there to give the freebies and the light sentences out. So now they're making it a mandate under state law and associating a punishment with it. You can't make this crap up. But there's something we can do about it. Coming up, I keep telling you, if you get upset about these bad policies, don't just yell and scream and have your blood pressure go up. Do something about it. I'll remind you what you can do easy this October. It's not just voting. It's— it takes more than just voting, although that's a good start. Plus, did you see this story about politicians using Yelp, these various online survey rating platforms? Well, what do you think? Who do you think is the worst politician when it comes to comments on various establishments they've been to? So a publication, LA Material, went and looked at the Yelp reviews for a bunch of politicians, and you won't believe what some of them complained about. All that and more coming up. You're listening to John Kobelt on demand from KFI AM 640. Carl DiMaio sitting in for John Cobalt on KFI AM 640. Coming up in our 4 o'clock hour, corruption in Sacramento, gambling in Vegas. Who would have thought? Yeah, Gavin Newsom is blaming it all on a partisan witch hunt by Donald Trump. But yeah, there's a lot more to it than that. He's in some hot water. And one of his former political advisors wore a wire. Never a good sign when someone in the inner circle is wearing an FBI wire, uh, and people have already pled guilty. I will walk you through what's happened so far, what Newsom should be worried about, and why this is actually happening. I know it has nothing to do with Donald Trump, uh, but first we are looking at Yelp reviews made by California's leading politicians. I'm a politician. I hate that word, by the way. I'm more of an agitator, activist, crusader. But anyway, but I don't go on and do Yelp reviews, because it's nobody's business. And I know that I'm a public official. And so it's just, it's not appropriate. And most politicians kind of have, I guess, the same policy I do, because an outfit called the LA Material put together a whole study on politicians' Yelp reviews going back all the way to 2016. And most politicians gave 5 stars and had very little activity on their Yelp platforms. But one prominent California politician engaged in a lot of Yelp reviews, and they were not kind. Who do you think it was? Mad Maxine Waters? Gavin Newsom? Nancy Pelosi? Nope. It was Congresswoman Katie Porter. No surprise there, man. She is a very unhappy lady. Very unhappy. She screams at her staff. She poured scalding potatoes on her husband's head. And on Yelp, she lives up to that reputation. She left one Yelp review for a group called Massage Heights. Would you like to massage Katie Porter? Oh, just that— I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be offensive or mean. But I just saw that she went to a massage parlor. God, I wish, you know, I wish they could give a 5, uh, a Yelp review on Katie Porter. Anyway, she went to Massage Heights in 2017 in Sherman Oaks, and she wrote, quote, if you want consistent good service and want to patronize a place that treats employees with respect, I would never recommend this. I cannot continue in good conscience to be a patron even though it is very convenient as a location and a nice facility. You know what, I'm sure that the people that had to massage Katie Porter probably were thrilled that she wasn't going to come back. Don't have to touch that one anymore. I cannot in good conscience be a good patron. Okay, good. You got a conscience. You shouldn't have been there in the first place. She says basically that the management had problems claiming employees left the spa. And that they were treated unfairly. They were treated unfairly because you showed up, my dear. Next, she went to Tony Pepperoni Pizzeria in, um, I don't know where that is, but also Irvine Yellow Cab, two companies, and she gave them a 2-star and a 1-star rating, respectively. The pizza shop she visited in July of 2013, she said, quote, horrible service on delivery. I ordered at 4:39, I am told 35 to 40 minutes. I called to check at 40 minutes, driver on the way. I call again at 5:31, 52 minutes later. He says driver will call me, he doesn't. I have 20 angry, hungry kids. No, you didn't. You had yourself. Don't stand between Katie Porter and her 50 pizzas that she ordered. She did say, however, quote, pizza was decent when it arrived, but in the future, allow ample time. Am I being mean? I'm not being mean. She's— she shouldn't be engaging in this. I'm sorry. I know you're a public official. You should have the right to do whatever, but it's just— it's not done. This is not appropriate. On the cab company, she said, quote, I had a horrible experience with this company. I called the night before to book a cab at 6 AM, for 6 AM. At 6:03, no cab. So I called to check, 5 minutes away. Called again at 6:11, put on hold and disconnected. Probably because you were screaming at them. I'm up against the time. You ought to check out this story. These, these Yelp reviews from Katie Porter. Insane. Almost to the level of get out of my blanking shot that she screamed at her poor staff member a few years ago on tape. Katie Porter, I think California voters gave you a 1-star Yelp review. Yeah. Yeah, you basically got your butt kicked. All right, coming up, we're gonna talk about Gavin Newsom's criminal problems, and they are significant and real. I'll make you the smart one at the dinner party by giving you the lowdown on everything and why this continues to happen in California with these indictments. KFI AM 640, Carl DeMaio sitting in for John Kobelt. Let's get a check on news and traffic with Deborah Mark. You've been listening to the John Kobelt Show podcast. You can always hear the show live on KFI AM 640 from 3 to 6 PM every Monday through Friday. And of course, anytime on demand on the iHeartRadio app. KFI AM 640. More stimulating talk."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human. Forget everything you had planned for this weekend because you are sitting on your couch and winning from the comfort of your own home. I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play hundreds of slot games, all the table games you love, and you could even win real cash prizes. New users, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 at spinquest.com. .com. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobalt podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Good afternoon everyone, KFI AM 640, and we're also on the iHeartRadio app. Carl DeMaio sitting in today for John Cobalt while he's out getting much deserved rest. And we are not going to take any rest in getting you up to speed on all the shenanigans happening in California news and politics. And every time, every time I talk about these issues, I kind of feel bad. Because I have a lot of complaining, because there's a lot to complain about. And, you know, look, this is your government that's screwing you over. So I figure you might as well be informed about it. And then, but, but, but here's why I don't want you to feel too bad and why I don't feel as bad. Besides the fact that you have a right to know what's actually going on, what the politicians are actually doing, you need to have a heads up to know what's about to hit you in the you-know-what. I focus on what you can do to fight back, because otherwise I'm just raising your blood pressure and that's not healthy. Sadistic. I don't want to, don't want to get anyone, uh, uh, in a, in a bad space. I want to empower you. And that's really what our Reform California movement is all about. Not just complaining and pointing out the problems, and there are many to be sure. It's about empowering you to take control of your future, to change the direction of this state. And yesterday we spent a good amount of time, and if you didn't listen to yesterday, definitely grab the iHeartRadio app from yesterday's shows, 'cause I had Steve Hilton on, our candidate for governor, Mike Gates, our candidate for attorney general, Sonja Shaw, the candidate for superintendent of schools. And I walked through the 5-point plan Reform California has to take back our state. No one is coming to save us. We're gonna have to do it ourselves. And we can do it. The good, the good news here is we can actually take back our state. We can have it back. We can make California golden again. We can be proud of our state again, but it's gonna require that you get off the couch and into the fight. So I'm not gonna beat the horse. I will be inviting you throughout today's show as we talk about all the bad news I have to share. All of the blood pressure-raising topics we're going to explore. I'm going to invite you to do something about it constructively by signing up as a volunteer at reformcalifornia.org so that you can deliver the Plain English Voter Guide to your neighbors this fall during October so we can win the ballot measure fights like passing Prop 39 for voter ID, uh, defeating all the tax hikes that they hidden on the ballot with their deceptive titles. And of course, trying to break the Democrat supermajority in Sacramento and get some good elected officials in your local government. All of that requires that you do something in October, and that is reach out to low-propensity Republicans that are not going to vote. I just need you to give them faith. I need you to give them hope. I need you to give them the cheat sheet, the Plain English Voter Guide. I will give you the voter guide. I will send you the door hangers. And I'm not going to ask you to go to a Democrat household or an independent household. I'm going to send you to a household of someone who basically agrees 100% with our agenda. They're just not going to vote because they have no hope. And they don't know who to vote for because they don't have a voter guide. I need you to contact those people and turn them out. By the way, if this program were running, if these, if these door hangers were done in the primary, and if you were volunteering in the primary, Spencer Pratt would be in the runoff right now, and the trajectory of LA city government would be a totally different, uh, path. So we are doing it in the general election. We needed to wait because we don't have all the resources in the world. We needed to wait for the general election to basically mount this program. Now that we have all the ballot measures on, now that voter ID Prop 39 is on the ballot, we need you now to get off the couch and into the fight. So go to the website reformcalifornia.org, reformcalifornia.org. Sign up as a volunteer, at least sign up so that I can send you the digital voter guide so that you know how to vote and that it's a cheat sheet for you. Uh, even if you don't want to pass it on to someone else, at least get it for yourself. reformcalifornia.org. And then of course, if you can, please chip in a contribution. I— so today we're going to talk about the Voter ID Initiative. Yes on Prop 39. Uh, the opponents of Prop 39, our Voter ID Initiative, launched their campaign today. And of course, they're Right out of the gate lying, and the liberal media is helping them. So we'll tell you what our plan is to win that campaign on a shoestring budget. During our 4 o'clock hour, I'm gonna talk about Gavin Newsom's corruption. What's the over-under on Newsom getting indicted? Oh, a boy can dream. He certainly deserves it. If not for criminal negligence and misdeeds, his rank incompetence. But we're going to explore the various stinky situations— is what I call it— stinky situations hovering around Newsom. Everyone deserves the presumption of innocence, even though Newsom and his cabal don't give that to their opponents. But you'll be the smart one at the dinner party because I'm going to tell you what so far has happened in these criminal investigations and where I believe they're likely to go, where, where Newsom has the greatest risk. But first, I'm going to start out with another element of crime, and that is In California— are you ready for this? Illegal immigrants get treated better than California citizens. And you're like, yeah, and the day ends. And why? We all know illegal immigrants are getting treated better than California citizens. They get all the freebies, the welfare, uh, They get all the attention. They're breaking the law, but somehow we, those of us who want a secure border, are somehow the bad people for saying we'd like to secure the border. So they get all the attention, all the benefit, all the catering, all the focus of our politicians bending over backwards. They will raise your taxes. They will cut your services, as we talked about on healthcare premiums yesterday. Politicians raising the premiums for healthcare on citizens, imposing a $425 per family of 4 healthcare tax on citizens so that they can spend $13 billion of your taxpayer money on free taxpayer-funded health insurance for illegal immigrants. That's what's happening. So when I say illegal immigrants, illegals, get treated better in California than citizens. We got the receipts to prove that on almost every policy. It's time and time again, illegal immigrants get the benefit, the citizens get the shaft. But in the area of criminal justice, do you know that illegal immigrants are getting lighter sentences than citizens for the same exact crime? Did you know that? Oh, it's happening all the time. And there's a major driver of it. And when I tell you what the driver is, you're gonna be like, "Oh, that makes sense." Well, I'm not in agreement with it, still makes my blood boil. I'm ticked off about it, but I see why, Carl, you're observing a truth. That illegal immigrants are getting lighter sentences for the same crime that a citizen commits, that the citizen gets punished more harshly for. It is a policy, it is a practice. This is how it's being done. And there's a very simple reason, motive, as to why California Democrat politicians are doing this, why prosecutors are doing this, why judges are doing this. You know, what happened to equal protection under the law? What happened to justice being blind, that people are treated the same no matter what? You, you did the crime, you will suffer the same punishment as anyone else in your same circumstance. But no, if you're an illegal immigrant, you actually, instead of getting a felony, you'll get a misdemeanor. Instead of getting a harsh sentence, you'll get a light sentence. Oh, it's a pattern, and we got the receipts to prove it. And now California Democrats want to make it illegal, illegal for a prosecutor or a judge to treat an illegal immigrant the same as a citizen when they sentence them for a crime. This is insanity, folks. You are going to be the one with this story tonight, telling all your friends, and they are going to say, what the hell? How has this been a secret in California? Well, it's not gonna be a secret very much longer, and I've got the bill number for you, AB 2669, and I'll walk you through it coming up next. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Carl DeMaio on KFI AM 640 and the iHeartRadio app. We're talking about illegal Immigrants getting treated better than California citizens and taxpayers. We already know that that is clear in terms of the goodies and the freebies and the welfare that they're handing out to illegal immigrants, non-citizens, while they tell citizens, nope, you're not allowed to have that. In fact, we're going to give illegal immigrants free healthcare at taxpayer expense to the tune of $13 billion in our state budget. But we're now going to have a budget deficit because we chose to do that. So we're going to cut your healthcare benefits. We're going to make it harder for you to get public assistance. We are going to raise your healthcare premiums by eliminating subsidies and even imposing a $425 per family of 4 health insurance tax. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. You get crushed as a citizen. The illegal, they get the freebies. The Democrat Party has become subservient, has become completely single-minded and focused on what can we do to benefit the illegal. Screw the taxpayer, screw the citizen. That's their policy. But now we've got something even worse than just the waste of your taxpayer money, and that is completely illegal and unconstitutional, um, violating the 14th Amendment sentencing that is going on every single day in courtrooms around the state of California by liberal prosecutors and liberal judges who for years have said, we can't punish this illegal immigrant to this level because if we do, they might get deported by ICE. Oh, is it making sense now, my friends? You see, if an illegal immigrant commits a crime that's a felony, a serious crime, then they get put higher up on the priority list of ICE to deport them. So what do the prosecutors do? They downgrade the charges. What do the judges do? They say, you know, I'm just not gonna entertain that set of charges. I'm not gonna find him guilty of this. I'll find him guilty of this lesser thing here. And so they are now managing sentencing with an eye towards how do we keep this illegal immigrant here, even though this illegal immigrant is now a criminal, has done something gravely bad, and we're going to treat this illegal immigrant differently than if a citizen walked in and committed the same crime. This week's Politico headline: A sanctuary dispute in Amador County. Quote: A Northern California sheriff who made headlines for his open defiance of the state's sanctuary policy told members of Congress last week that local prosecutors crafted a plea deal to prevent him from getting an alleged child molester deported. The district attorney's office told Politico that's not true. Really? Hold on, we've got the proof that it is. Quote, in the latest case of the national immigration debate roiling local politics, Amador County Sheriff Gary Redmond told a House Judiciary Committee about a 2025 plea agreement that lowered a defendant's felony charge to a simple misdemeanor. Redmond said the county DA's office negotiated a lesser deal in part because of my publicly stated position regarding cooperation with ICE and the likelihood that ICE would be notified upon his relief— release if he were found guilty of a felony. Quote, under SB 54, the sheriff could have contacted ICE because that law, while being a sanctuary state law, still allows certain coordination and collaboration if a person in custody has been convicted of certain crimes. So they are lowballing the punishment and the charges for illegal immigrants. And I mean, I guess you could say they're liberals, so they don't go after criminals writ large. They cater to criminals. But if you're an illegal immigrant, oh, you get a special helping of pity and leniency. An accommodation. Let me remind you that the case, uh, that's being cited here involves a child sex predator. They're willing to let a child sex predator who shouldn't be here in the first place because they're illegal— they're willing to let him have a lighter sentence because they want to keep him out and about in the street. They want to keep that criminal in the community. The DA says, oh no, we wouldn't do that. Really? Well, take a look at Assembly Bill 2669, introduced by Los Angeles Assemblymember Tim Gibson. And what does this bill require? Well, first, it mandates that prosecutors under state law are mandated to confer with defense counsel in a case involving an illegal immigrant to explore any alternative pleas or sentences that would lessen any immigration penalties that would lessen the risk of deportation. Let me make it quite clear. This district attorney said, oh, we would never do that. Now you have a bill that says you are going to be required to do that. And I know that they're doing it because most of these DAs and judges are liberals and they want to help the illegals, even if it means unequal treatment, which is against the Fourteenth Amendment. Fourteenth Amendment says People, when government provides a service or adjudicates a crime, uh, engages in criminal justice, you cannot treat people differently based on status, based on skin color. You cannot treat people differently. Citizen commits a crime, they get a harsher sentence. And these are what these liberal, woke, dangerous Soros prosecutors and judges have been doing all along. But they— the reason why they need Assembly Bill 2669 is they know there's actually some, some, not enough, but some prosecutors and judges that aren't going to do this crap. So you know what the liberals did, like Chirla Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights LA. These groups all got together and said some of the prosecutors actually want to— they want to punish criminals. Some of the prosecutors don't want to allow illegal immigrants out the door. We've got to stop them. We have to force them to give special treatment. And that is Assembly Bill 2669. Oh, and you know what happens? I know I'm against the time. You know what happens if you don't comply with this law as a prosecutor or a judge? Coming up, I'll tell you the penalty for a judge or prosecutor if they don't go light on the illegal immigrant and treat them with a lesser punishment than a citizen. All that and more. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. KFI AM 640 and on the iHeartRadio app, Carl DeMaio sitting in for John Cobalt. We are talking about how illegal immigrants get treated so much better than, oh, I don't know, us normal folk, us citizens. You would think that it's our country, folks, that we're complaining that illegal immigrants are getting so much better than we get. Look, we, we, uh, we are a nation of immigrants, so don't get me wrong. Uh, I'm not a nationalist. I'm not xenophobic, not a racist. We are actually a great country because we've gotten people from all around the world to come here. Uh, people who are the best of the best, because who else has the chutzpah, the, the, the, the courage, the drive to pack up everything, generation after generation, 250 years, uh, going, pack up everything in a country that they know and in a language that they know with all their friends and family, and they go across a very long distance, a dangerous trek, to get to America just because they want a better opportunity. They're not— they never came here generation after generation expecting handouts. They didn't want freebies. They weren't coming to commit crimes. They were coming just for a better opportunity. And so as someone who wants to keep America great, I want to continue to have robust immigration, legal immigration. That's the catch. Oh, but that makes Democrats so angry. Legal immigration. Do you mean we have to vet them? Wait, wait, wait. You mean that, um, We got to not accept everyone who just simply decides that they need to show up. Uh, we have to have a process. We have to make it sustainable. What do you mean that they can't expect handouts when they get here? That's right, we want the best of the best. We want people who are courageous and just looking for an opportunity because that's the sort of fiber that builds an amazing country. And that's what we've seen for generation after generation. So we're not anti-immigrant. We don't treat people differently based on skin color or religion. We just want people to follow the rules and not come here and say the first thing out of their mouth, I get a handout, I have rights, I get this, I got that. And if you don't agree with me, you're a racist. But here we have Assembly Bill 2669 that is basically imposing a new state law that tells prosecutors and judges that they are instructed to treat illegal immigrants better than citizens, that they are supposed to make sure that an illegal immigrant doesn't get a sentence that could put them in jeopardy of being deported, even if that meant that the crime ordinarily would require that sense or that judgment. 'But because they're illegal, we're going to go light on them. But if you're a citizen and you did the same crime, you will have the book thrown at you.' That's what Assembly Bill 2669 does. So it requires that the prosecutor and the judge look out for that and give a lighter sentence. Then it punishes the judge or the prosecutor if they don't give a lighter sentence. It says, quote, 'AB 2669 establishes a violation presumption if defense shows that an alternative offer could have been offered by the prosecution and the prosecution rejected alternative offers from defense without good cause. And finally, it tells judges that they must hold hearings and impose quote, appropriate legal remedies and sanctions and punishment if the prosecution fails to show good cause for declining, quote, immigration safe alternatives. This is what Democrats want. They don't have enough George Soros prosecutors and judges out there to give the freebies and the light sentences out. So now they're making it a mandate under state law and associating a punishment with it. You can't make this crap up. But there's something we can do about it. Coming up, I keep telling you, if you get upset about these bad policies, don't just yell and scream and have your blood pressure go up. Do something about it. I'll remind you what you can do easy this October. It's not just voting. It's— it takes more than just voting, although that's a good start. Plus, did you see this story about politicians using Yelp, these various online survey rating platforms? Well, what do you think? Who do you think is the worst politician when it comes to comments on various establishments they've been to? So a publication, LA Material, went and looked at the Yelp reviews for a bunch of politicians, and you won't believe what some of them complained about. All that and more coming up. You're listening to John Kobelt on demand from KFI AM 640. Carl DiMaio sitting in for John Cobalt on KFI AM 640. Coming up in our 4 o'clock hour, corruption in Sacramento, gambling in Vegas. Who would have thought? Yeah, Gavin Newsom is blaming it all on a partisan witch hunt by Donald Trump. But yeah, there's a lot more to it than that. He's in some hot water. And one of his former political advisors wore a wire. Never a good sign when someone in the inner circle is wearing an FBI wire, uh, and people have already pled guilty. I will walk you through what's happened so far, what Newsom should be worried about, and why this is actually happening. I know it has nothing to do with Donald Trump, uh, but first we are looking at Yelp reviews made by California's leading politicians. I'm a politician. I hate that word, by the way. I'm more of an agitator, activist, crusader. But anyway, but I don't go on and do Yelp reviews, because it's nobody's business. And I know that I'm a public official. And so it's just, it's not appropriate. And most politicians kind of have, I guess, the same policy I do, because an outfit called the LA Material put together a whole study on politicians' Yelp reviews going back all the way to 2016. And most politicians gave 5 stars and had very little activity on their Yelp platforms. But one prominent California politician engaged in a lot of Yelp reviews, and they were not kind. Who do you think it was? Mad Maxine Waters? Gavin Newsom? Nancy Pelosi? Nope. It was Congresswoman Katie Porter. No surprise there, man. She is a very unhappy lady. Very unhappy. She screams at her staff. She poured scalding potatoes on her husband's head. And on Yelp, she lives up to that reputation. She left one Yelp review for a group called Massage Heights. Would you like to massage Katie Porter? Oh, just that— I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be offensive or mean. But I just saw that she went to a massage parlor. God, I wish, you know, I wish they could give a 5, uh, a Yelp review on Katie Porter. Anyway, she went to Massage Heights in 2017 in Sherman Oaks, and she wrote, quote, if you want consistent good service and want to patronize a place that treats employees with respect, I would never recommend this. I cannot continue in good conscience to be a patron even though it is very convenient as a location and a nice facility. You know what, I'm sure that the people that had to massage Katie Porter probably were thrilled that she wasn't going to come back. Don't have to touch that one anymore. I cannot in good conscience be a good patron. Okay, good. You got a conscience. You shouldn't have been there in the first place. She says basically that the management had problems claiming employees left the spa. And that they were treated unfairly. They were treated unfairly because you showed up, my dear. Next, she went to Tony Pepperoni Pizzeria in, um, I don't know where that is, but also Irvine Yellow Cab, two companies, and she gave them a 2-star and a 1-star rating, respectively. The pizza shop she visited in July of 2013, she said, quote, horrible service on delivery. I ordered at 4:39, I am told 35 to 40 minutes. I called to check at 40 minutes, driver on the way. I call again at 5:31, 52 minutes later. He says driver will call me, he doesn't. I have 20 angry, hungry kids. No, you didn't. You had yourself. Don't stand between Katie Porter and her 50 pizzas that she ordered. She did say, however, quote, pizza was decent when it arrived, but in the future, allow ample time. Am I being mean? I'm not being mean. She's— she shouldn't be engaging in this. I'm sorry. I know you're a public official. You should have the right to do whatever, but it's just— it's not done. This is not appropriate. On the cab company, she said, quote, I had a horrible experience with this company. I called the night before to book a cab at 6 AM, for 6 AM. At 6:03, no cab. So I called to check, 5 minutes away. Called again at 6:11, put on hold and disconnected. Probably because you were screaming at them. I'm up against the time. You ought to check out this story. These, these Yelp reviews from Katie Porter. Insane. Almost to the level of get out of my blanking shot that she screamed at her poor staff member a few years ago on tape. Katie Porter, I think California voters gave you a 1-star Yelp review. Yeah. Yeah, you basically got your butt kicked. All right, coming up, we're gonna talk about Gavin Newsom's criminal problems, and they are significant and real. I'll make you the smart one at the dinner party by giving you the lowdown on everything and why this continues to happen in California with these indictments. KFI AM 640, Carl DeMaio sitting in for John Kobelt. Let's get a check on news and traffic with Deborah Mark. You've been listening to the John Kobelt Show podcast. You can always hear the show live on KFI AM 640 from 3 to 6 PM every Monday through Friday. And of course, anytime on demand on the iHeartRadio app. KFI AM 640. More stimulating talk."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human. Forget everything you had planned for this weekend because you are sitting on your couch and winning from the comfort of your own home. I'm here with Spin Quest, where you can play hundreds of slot games, all the table games you love, and you could even win real cash prizes. New users, $30 coin packs are on sale for $10 at spinquest.com. .com. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobalt podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Good afternoon everyone, KFI AM 640, and we're also on the iHeartRadio app. Carl DeMaio sitting in today for John Cobalt while he's out getting much deserved rest. And we are not going to take any rest in getting you up to speed on all the shenanigans happening in California news and politics. And every time, every time I talk about these issues, I kind of feel bad. Because I have a lot of complaining, because there's a lot to complain about. And, you know, look, this is your government that's screwing you over. So I figure you might as well be informed about it. And then, but, but, but here's why I don't want you to feel too bad and why I don't feel as bad. Besides the fact that you have a right to know what's actually going on, what the politicians are actually doing, you need to have a heads up to know what's about to hit you in the you-know-what. I focus on what you can do to fight back, because otherwise I'm just raising your blood pressure and that's not healthy. Sadistic. I don't want to, don't want to get anyone, uh, uh, in a, in a bad space. I want to empower you. And that's really what our Reform California movement is all about. Not just complaining and pointing out the problems, and there are many to be sure. It's about empowering you to take control of your future, to change the direction of this state. And yesterday we spent a good amount of time, and if you didn't listen to yesterday, definitely grab the iHeartRadio app from yesterday's shows, 'cause I had Steve Hilton on, our candidate for governor, Mike Gates, our candidate for attorney general, Sonja Shaw, the candidate for superintendent of schools. And I walked through the 5-point plan Reform California has to take back our state. No one is coming to save us. We're gonna have to do it ourselves. And we can do it. The good, the good news here is we can actually take back our state. We can have it back. We can make California golden again. We can be proud of our state again, but it's gonna require that you get off the couch and into the fight. So I'm not gonna beat the horse. I will be inviting you throughout today's show as we talk about all the bad news I have to share. All of the blood pressure-raising topics we're going to explore. I'm going to invite you to do something about it constructively by signing up as a volunteer at reformcalifornia.org so that you can deliver the Plain English Voter Guide to your neighbors this fall during October so we can win the ballot measure fights like passing Prop 39 for voter ID, uh, defeating all the tax hikes that they hidden on the ballot with their deceptive titles. And of course, trying to break the Democrat supermajority in Sacramento and get some good elected officials in your local government. All of that requires that you do something in October, and that is reach out to low-propensity Republicans that are not going to vote. I just need you to give them faith. I need you to give them hope. I need you to give them the cheat sheet, the Plain English Voter Guide. I will give you the voter guide. I will send you the door hangers. And I'm not going to ask you to go to a Democrat household or an independent household. I'm going to send you to a household of someone who basically agrees 100% with our agenda. They're just not going to vote because they have no hope. And they don't know who to vote for because they don't have a voter guide. I need you to contact those people and turn them out. By the way, if this program were running, if these, if these door hangers were done in the primary, and if you were volunteering in the primary, Spencer Pratt would be in the runoff right now, and the trajectory of LA city government would be a totally different, uh, path. So we are doing it in the general election. We needed to wait because we don't have all the resources in the world. We needed to wait for the general election to basically mount this program. Now that we have all the ballot measures on, now that voter ID Prop 39 is on the ballot, we need you now to get off the couch and into the fight. So go to the website reformcalifornia.org, reformcalifornia.org. Sign up as a volunteer, at least sign up so that I can send you the digital voter guide so that you know how to vote and that it's a cheat sheet for you. Uh, even if you don't want to pass it on to someone else, at least get it for yourself. reformcalifornia.org. And then of course, if you can, please chip in a contribution. I— so today we're going to talk about the Voter ID Initiative. Yes on Prop 39. Uh, the opponents of Prop 39, our Voter ID Initiative, launched their campaign today. And of course, they're Right out of the gate lying, and the liberal media is helping them. So we'll tell you what our plan is to win that campaign on a shoestring budget. During our 4 o'clock hour, I'm gonna talk about Gavin Newsom's corruption. What's the over-under on Newsom getting indicted? Oh, a boy can dream. He certainly deserves it. If not for criminal negligence and misdeeds, his rank incompetence. But we're going to explore the various stinky situations— is what I call it— stinky situations hovering around Newsom. Everyone deserves the presumption of innocence, even though Newsom and his cabal don't give that to their opponents. But you'll be the smart one at the dinner party because I'm going to tell you what so far has happened in these criminal investigations and where I believe they're likely to go, where, where Newsom has the greatest risk. But first, I'm going to start out with another element of crime, and that is In California— are you ready for this? Illegal immigrants get treated better than California citizens. And you're like, yeah, and the day ends. And why? We all know illegal immigrants are getting treated better than California citizens. They get all the freebies, the welfare, uh, They get all the attention. They're breaking the law, but somehow we, those of us who want a secure border, are somehow the bad people for saying we'd like to secure the border. So they get all the attention, all the benefit, all the catering, all the focus of our politicians bending over backwards. They will raise your taxes. They will cut your services, as we talked about on healthcare premiums yesterday. Politicians raising the premiums for healthcare on citizens, imposing a $425 per family of 4 healthcare tax on citizens so that they can spend $13 billion of your taxpayer money on free taxpayer-funded health insurance for illegal immigrants. That's what's happening. So when I say illegal immigrants, illegals, get treated better in California than citizens. We got the receipts to prove that on almost every policy. It's time and time again, illegal immigrants get the benefit, the citizens get the shaft. But in the area of criminal justice, do you know that illegal immigrants are getting lighter sentences than citizens for the same exact crime? Did you know that? Oh, it's happening all the time. And there's a major driver of it. And when I tell you what the driver is, you're gonna be like, "Oh, that makes sense." Well, I'm not in agreement with it, still makes my blood boil. I'm ticked off about it, but I see why, Carl, you're observing a truth. That illegal immigrants are getting lighter sentences for the same crime that a citizen commits, that the citizen gets punished more harshly for. It is a policy, it is a practice. This is how it's being done. And there's a very simple reason, motive, as to why California Democrat politicians are doing this, why prosecutors are doing this, why judges are doing this. You know, what happened to equal protection under the law? What happened to justice being blind, that people are treated the same no matter what? You, you did the crime, you will suffer the same punishment as anyone else in your same circumstance. But no, if you're an illegal immigrant, you actually, instead of getting a felony, you'll get a misdemeanor. Instead of getting a harsh sentence, you'll get a light sentence. Oh, it's a pattern, and we got the receipts to prove it. And now California Democrats want to make it illegal, illegal for a prosecutor or a judge to treat an illegal immigrant the same as a citizen when they sentence them for a crime. This is insanity, folks. You are going to be the one with this story tonight, telling all your friends, and they are going to say, what the hell? How has this been a secret in California? Well, it's not gonna be a secret very much longer, and I've got the bill number for you, AB 2669, and I'll walk you through it coming up next. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. Carl DeMaio on KFI AM 640 and the iHeartRadio app. We're talking about illegal Immigrants getting treated better than California citizens and taxpayers. We already know that that is clear in terms of the goodies and the freebies and the welfare that they're handing out to illegal immigrants, non-citizens, while they tell citizens, nope, you're not allowed to have that. In fact, we're going to give illegal immigrants free healthcare at taxpayer expense to the tune of $13 billion in our state budget. But we're now going to have a budget deficit because we chose to do that. So we're going to cut your healthcare benefits. We're going to make it harder for you to get public assistance. We are going to raise your healthcare premiums by eliminating subsidies and even imposing a $425 per family of 4 health insurance tax. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. You get crushed as a citizen. The illegal, they get the freebies. The Democrat Party has become subservient, has become completely single-minded and focused on what can we do to benefit the illegal. Screw the taxpayer, screw the citizen. That's their policy. But now we've got something even worse than just the waste of your taxpayer money, and that is completely illegal and unconstitutional, um, violating the 14th Amendment sentencing that is going on every single day in courtrooms around the state of California by liberal prosecutors and liberal judges who for years have said, we can't punish this illegal immigrant to this level because if we do, they might get deported by ICE. Oh, is it making sense now, my friends? You see, if an illegal immigrant commits a crime that's a felony, a serious crime, then they get put higher up on the priority list of ICE to deport them. So what do the prosecutors do? They downgrade the charges. What do the judges do? They say, you know, I'm just not gonna entertain that set of charges. I'm not gonna find him guilty of this. I'll find him guilty of this lesser thing here. And so they are now managing sentencing with an eye towards how do we keep this illegal immigrant here, even though this illegal immigrant is now a criminal, has done something gravely bad, and we're going to treat this illegal immigrant differently than if a citizen walked in and committed the same crime. This week's Politico headline: A sanctuary dispute in Amador County. Quote: A Northern California sheriff who made headlines for his open defiance of the state's sanctuary policy told members of Congress last week that local prosecutors crafted a plea deal to prevent him from getting an alleged child molester deported. The district attorney's office told Politico that's not true. Really? Hold on, we've got the proof that it is. Quote, in the latest case of the national immigration debate roiling local politics, Amador County Sheriff Gary Redmond told a House Judiciary Committee about a 2025 plea agreement that lowered a defendant's felony charge to a simple misdemeanor. Redmond said the county DA's office negotiated a lesser deal in part because of my publicly stated position regarding cooperation with ICE and the likelihood that ICE would be notified upon his relief— release if he were found guilty of a felony. Quote, under SB 54, the sheriff could have contacted ICE because that law, while being a sanctuary state law, still allows certain coordination and collaboration if a person in custody has been convicted of certain crimes. So they are lowballing the punishment and the charges for illegal immigrants. And I mean, I guess you could say they're liberals, so they don't go after criminals writ large. They cater to criminals. But if you're an illegal immigrant, oh, you get a special helping of pity and leniency. An accommodation. Let me remind you that the case, uh, that's being cited here involves a child sex predator. They're willing to let a child sex predator who shouldn't be here in the first place because they're illegal— they're willing to let him have a lighter sentence because they want to keep him out and about in the street. They want to keep that criminal in the community. The DA says, oh no, we wouldn't do that. Really? Well, take a look at Assembly Bill 2669, introduced by Los Angeles Assemblymember Tim Gibson. And what does this bill require? Well, first, it mandates that prosecutors under state law are mandated to confer with defense counsel in a case involving an illegal immigrant to explore any alternative pleas or sentences that would lessen any immigration penalties that would lessen the risk of deportation. Let me make it quite clear. This district attorney said, oh, we would never do that. Now you have a bill that says you are going to be required to do that. And I know that they're doing it because most of these DAs and judges are liberals and they want to help the illegals, even if it means unequal treatment, which is against the Fourteenth Amendment. Fourteenth Amendment says People, when government provides a service or adjudicates a crime, uh, engages in criminal justice, you cannot treat people differently based on status, based on skin color. You cannot treat people differently. Citizen commits a crime, they get a harsher sentence. And these are what these liberal, woke, dangerous Soros prosecutors and judges have been doing all along. But they— the reason why they need Assembly Bill 2669 is they know there's actually some, some, not enough, but some prosecutors and judges that aren't going to do this crap. So you know what the liberals did, like Chirla Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights LA. These groups all got together and said some of the prosecutors actually want to— they want to punish criminals. Some of the prosecutors don't want to allow illegal immigrants out the door. We've got to stop them. We have to force them to give special treatment. And that is Assembly Bill 2669. Oh, and you know what happens? I know I'm against the time. You know what happens if you don't comply with this law as a prosecutor or a judge? Coming up, I'll tell you the penalty for a judge or prosecutor if they don't go light on the illegal immigrant and treat them with a lesser punishment than a citizen. All that and more. You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640. KFI AM 640 and on the iHeartRadio app, Carl DeMaio sitting in for John Cobalt. We are talking about how illegal immigrants get treated so much better than, oh, I don't know, us normal folk, us citizens. You would think that it's our country, folks, that we're complaining that illegal immigrants are getting so much better than we get. Look, we, we, uh, we are a nation of immigrants, so don't get me wrong. Uh, I'm not a nationalist. I'm not xenophobic, not a racist. We are actually a great country because we've gotten people from all around the world to come here. Uh, people who are the best of the best, because who else has the chutzpah, the, the, the, the courage, the drive to pack up everything, generation after generation, 250 years, uh, going, pack up everything in a country that they know and in a language that they know with all their friends and family, and they go across a very long distance, a dangerous trek, to get to America just because they want a better opportunity. They're not— they never came here generation after generation expecting handouts. They didn't want freebies. They weren't coming to commit crimes. They were coming just for a better opportunity. And so as someone who wants to keep America great, I want to continue to have robust immigration, legal immigration. That's the catch. Oh, but that makes Democrats so angry. Legal immigration. Do you mean we have to vet them? Wait, wait, wait. You mean that, um, We got to not accept everyone who just simply decides that they need to show up. Uh, we have to have a process. We have to make it sustainable. What do you mean that they can't expect handouts when they get here? That's right, we want the best of the best. We want people who are courageous and just looking for an opportunity because that's the sort of fiber that builds an amazing country. And that's what we've seen for generation after generation. So we're not anti-immigrant. We don't treat people differently based on skin color or religion. We just want people to follow the rules and not come here and say the first thing out of their mouth, I get a handout, I have rights, I get this, I got that. And if you don't agree with me, you're a racist. But here we have Assembly Bill 2669 that is basically imposing a new state law that tells prosecutors and judges that they are instructed to treat illegal immigrants better than citizens, that they are supposed to make sure that an illegal immigrant doesn't get a sentence that could put them in jeopardy of being deported, even if that meant that the crime ordinarily would require that sense or that judgment. 'But because they're illegal, we're going to go light on them. But if you're a citizen and you did the same crime, you will have the book thrown at you.' That's what Assembly Bill 2669 does. So it requires that the prosecutor and the judge look out for that and give a lighter sentence. Then it punishes the judge or the prosecutor if they don't give a lighter sentence. It says, quote, 'AB 2669 establishes a violation presumption if defense shows that an alternative offer could have been offered by the prosecution and the prosecution rejected alternative offers from defense without good cause. And finally, it tells judges that they must hold hearings and impose quote, appropriate legal remedies and sanctions and punishment if the prosecution fails to show good cause for declining, quote, immigration safe alternatives. This is what Democrats want. They don't have enough George Soros prosecutors and judges out there to give the freebies and the light sentences out. So now they're making it a mandate under state law and associating a punishment with it. You can't make this crap up. But there's something we can do about it. Coming up, I keep telling you, if you get upset about these bad policies, don't just yell and scream and have your blood pressure go up. Do something about it. I'll remind you what you can do easy this October. It's not just voting. It's— it takes more than just voting, although that's a good start. Plus, did you see this story about politicians using Yelp, these various online survey rating platforms? Well, what do you think? Who do you think is the worst politician when it comes to comments on various establishments they've been to? So a publication, LA Material, went and looked at the Yelp reviews for a bunch of politicians, and you won't believe what some of them complained about. All that and more coming up. You're listening to John Kobelt on demand from KFI AM 640. Carl DiMaio sitting in for John Cobalt on KFI AM 640. Coming up in our 4 o'clock hour, corruption in Sacramento, gambling in Vegas. Who would have thought? Yeah, Gavin Newsom is blaming it all on a partisan witch hunt by Donald Trump. But yeah, there's a lot more to it than that. He's in some hot water. And one of his former political advisors wore a wire. Never a good sign when someone in the inner circle is wearing an FBI wire, uh, and people have already pled guilty. I will walk you through what's happened so far, what Newsom should be worried about, and why this is actually happening. I know it has nothing to do with Donald Trump, uh, but first we are looking at Yelp reviews made by California's leading politicians. I'm a politician. I hate that word, by the way. I'm more of an agitator, activist, crusader. But anyway, but I don't go on and do Yelp reviews, because it's nobody's business. And I know that I'm a public official. And so it's just, it's not appropriate. And most politicians kind of have, I guess, the same policy I do, because an outfit called the LA Material put together a whole study on politicians' Yelp reviews going back all the way to 2016. And most politicians gave 5 stars and had very little activity on their Yelp platforms. But one prominent California politician engaged in a lot of Yelp reviews, and they were not kind. Who do you think it was? Mad Maxine Waters? Gavin Newsom? Nancy Pelosi? Nope. It was Congresswoman Katie Porter. No surprise there, man. She is a very unhappy lady. Very unhappy. She screams at her staff. She poured scalding potatoes on her husband's head. And on Yelp, she lives up to that reputation. She left one Yelp review for a group called Massage Heights. Would you like to massage Katie Porter? Oh, just that— I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be offensive or mean. But I just saw that she went to a massage parlor. God, I wish, you know, I wish they could give a 5, uh, a Yelp review on Katie Porter. Anyway, she went to Massage Heights in 2017 in Sherman Oaks, and she wrote, quote, if you want consistent good service and want to patronize a place that treats employees with respect, I would never recommend this. I cannot continue in good conscience to be a patron even though it is very convenient as a location and a nice facility. You know what, I'm sure that the people that had to massage Katie Porter probably were thrilled that she wasn't going to come back. Don't have to touch that one anymore. I cannot in good conscience be a good patron. Okay, good. You got a conscience. You shouldn't have been there in the first place. She says basically that the management had problems claiming employees left the spa. And that they were treated unfairly. They were treated unfairly because you showed up, my dear. Next, she went to Tony Pepperoni Pizzeria in, um, I don't know where that is, but also Irvine Yellow Cab, two companies, and she gave them a 2-star and a 1-star rating, respectively. The pizza shop she visited in July of 2013, she said, quote, horrible service on delivery. I ordered at 4:39, I am told 35 to 40 minutes. I called to check at 40 minutes, driver on the way. I call again at 5:31, 52 minutes later. He says driver will call me, he doesn't. I have 20 angry, hungry kids. No, you didn't. You had yourself. Don't stand between Katie Porter and her 50 pizzas that she ordered. She did say, however, quote, pizza was decent when it arrived, but in the future, allow ample time. Am I being mean? I'm not being mean. She's— she shouldn't be engaging in this. I'm sorry. I know you're a public official. You should have the right to do whatever, but it's just— it's not done. This is not appropriate. On the cab company, she said, quote, I had a horrible experience with this company. I called the night before to book a cab at 6 AM, for 6 AM. At 6:03, no cab. So I called to check, 5 minutes away. Called again at 6:11, put on hold and disconnected. Probably because you were screaming at them. I'm up against the time. You ought to check out this story. These, these Yelp reviews from Katie Porter. Insane. Almost to the level of get out of my blanking shot that she screamed at her poor staff member a few years ago on tape. Katie Porter, I think California voters gave you a 1-star Yelp review. Yeah. Yeah, you basically got your butt kicked. All right, coming up, we're gonna talk about Gavin Newsom's criminal problems, and they are significant and real. I'll make you the smart one at the dinner party by giving you the lowdown on everything and why this continues to happen in California with these indictments. KFI AM 640, Carl DeMaio sitting in for John Kobelt. Let's get a check on news and traffic with Deborah Mark. You've been listening to the John Kobelt Show podcast. You can always hear the show live on KFI AM 640 from 3 to 6 PM every Monday through Friday. And of course, anytime on demand on the iHeartRadio app. KFI AM 640. More stimulating talk.
