# Episode 67.. Why do som actors pander & want to rewrite the films they did..

**Show:** The Cuddy Adventure 
**Date Published:** 2026-04-28
**Date Found:** 2026-04-29
**URL:** https://www.buzzsprout.com/1961577?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 30 minutes

## Summary

This 30-minute episode of The Cuddy Adventure  mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, The Cuddy Adventure 

## Key Moment

> "Hello everybody, it is Tuesday. It's the new episode of the Cuddy Adventure. Hello everybody, what's going on? All in one, I hope you're having an amazing week. It's been a great one here, a lot of stuff happening, a lot of things going on, things that make you just go, what in the hell are people thinking? So before we get started though, if you have an opportunity, it would really be appreciated if you could stop by all of my social media. The Cuddy Adventure on TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, X. Give a follow, subscribe, or just leave a comment, leave a like, whatever you want to do. Always like interacting, no matter good, bad, or otherwise. So let's get started. So, you know, I was looking around and, you know, there's a lot of things happening in entertainment, a lot of movies coming out, a lot of music, a lot of festivals, all sorts of different things happening. The thing that had me thinking, going, that's weird, isn't it, was how they're trying to— and this is actors, directors, writers, what have you— rewrite or change something that made the movie, music, show, whatever it is, a success to begin with. Case in point, the sequel to The Devil Wears Prada. Now, the first one was a gigantic success. Why? Well, because they stuck to what it was all about. They stuck to a movie about fashion, needs models, needs, you know, very attractive people in their clothes, the whole nine, right? And then it was about Anne Hathaway coming in not caring about fashion or how she looked, and they made her up to be attractive assistant, and that's basically kind of what it was about. Here's the problem now though. The second one now is coming out, and Anne Hathaway, which by the way, I mean, who knows how true it is or not, you know, there's been a lot of stories about her, how she is in private. You know what, I don't care. People can be however they want to be. They could be very nice They could be rude as shit. I don't really care. They're living their lives. That's how they should be. And it's not a big deal to me. My thing is though, when she starts talking bullshit, when she starts talking about how she fought like hell to have plus-size models, or not just skinny models on set. Now, I don't know about you, but you know that Anne Wintour, the one that's basically the woman who the whole, um, premise of the movie is kind of based loosely around, the Vogue editor-in-chief, all that, right? I can tell you right now, if she's, if she's not pandering to the woke Looney Tunes she's not having unattractive people on the COVID Oh, that's actually not true. Let me rephrase that. She did have Michelle Obama on the COVID um, but you know, she, she wants models. And for Anne Hathaway to say, well, I fought like anything to have plus-size models, and, um, you know, uh, not thin women on the movie. Now here's my, here's my take on this. It's two sides of this, right? One side is telling me, yeah, she's just crazy enough to believe that people are going to see this movie because they want to see, you know, men aren't— men, if they're going to go see this, they want to go see the models. Right? Don't, don't give me this, well, they want to see the story. No, they don't. Dudes are gonna go there because they want to see like the models. Um, on the women's side, they're gonna— a lot of them will lie. They'll tell you, oh, they're so attractive, it doesn't matter what weight they are. Well, if that's the case, why are you going to the gym? Why are you trying to work out? Like, you want to be fit and, you know, attractive looking. And there's nothing wrong with different sizes. I have no problem with that. It's the bullshit lies that these people tell you. Because if they're— she's pandering to the social justice warriors about having different people. And again, everybody can't be a model. That's why that job, there's only a few really high-end models. That's all there is to it. Now, that's what I'm saying, I think. Now, you want me to tell you what I know, and not because I know what's in her brain, but because you can tell she doesn't want anybody upstaging her. That's a fact, I can guarantee it. She wants to go in there and be the top shit. Why would she want, you know, Alessandra Ambrosia on there? Why would she want, like, you know, Gisele, all these, like, high-end models from, like, Victoria's Secret swimsuit and then, like, uh, Sports Illustrated, all this kind of stuff? She doesn't want them upending her and upstaging her in her own movie, you know what I mean? So it's, it's one of two things. Now I'm leaning toward the second one. The first one is to appease the mob. You get the mob off your back, you could do whatever the hell you want. You give them a couple of little morsels, you can keep them at arm's length for a while. Because what's worse than having a mob after you? Like, why, why would they want to deal? This is the director, this is the writer, this is all the actresses. Why would they want to have a unhinged mob at their, uh, world premiere, you know, their, their, their launch of the film? Why would they want a mob of protesters going, where are the plus-size models? Where are the ones with blue hair models? Like, you throw a few of them in the movie, put them over here, there, and everywhere. All of a sudden you look like the genius. Plus it makes you look better because you don't have to actually deal with models. And if she was so on board with this, why did she work out so much to be Catwoman in Batman? You know, the director told her, you know, you got to be like this to fit into this suit Well, she could have stood her ground like she said she did today, uh, for the movie The Devil Wears Prada 2. She could have stuck to her guns and told everybody, well, that's not what I'm doing. I don't think that's fair. Catwoman could be, you know, why didn't she say, well, there are all sorts of different cats. Look at Garfield. Garfield is pleasantly plump. I could be like Garfield Catwoman. But I didn't hear a peep out of her. Why? Because that part was huge in a Batman movie. And two, she knows she's full of shit. That's the two reasons. There's nothing more or nothing less. Like, you're trying to tell me if she could do this for a movie like that, she couldn't stand up for her— for herself now? She said how she was so fighting for all these other people to get jobs. Well, if you're so you know, for, you know, body positivity, why didn't you then just tell, um, Christopher Nolan, no, I don't want to fit into that, uh, body-hugging Catwoman suit, I want to be a plus-size Catwoman? Because no, there's never been a take on that. There's no way in all that is holy she was ever gonna do that, because again, she's full of it. And it's not just like somebody like that. That's one example. You know, there's another one, and this one really hits home, okay? Molly Ringwald. Molly Ringwald was in basically every amazing John Hughes teenage coming-of-age type of film, you know? Pretty in Pink, Sixteen Candles, Breakfast Club, you know, all those films she was in. And those are like the, you know, script of teenage lives in the '80s. Love the movies, right? Okay, now here's the thing. Now she's trying to rewrite everything. Like, for example, she was talking about, like, say, Breakfast Club. She was saying, well— or was it Sixteen Candles? One of the two, either one, to say this kind of stuff. Is just frightening. She was like, well, you know, it was so white. Okay, and that's how John Hughes wanted to write it. And I didn't see you bitching and moaning about it when you were collecting the paychecks from those films. You weren't, you weren't. Yeah, and this is what, what, this is why, you know, it's so disingenuous. This is why, you know, 'it's all nonsense, it's all playing up to the mob.' Like, if you really thought this, you would have had these thoughts then too. And if you're going to tell me, 'Well, I was young then,' okay, so if you fully believed any of the nonsense you're spewing, you would have said it then, you know what I mean? Like, it's not like you didn't have a platform to say it. Every camera was always all around, like the brat pack, right? All those, all those actors. But she wants to now, 30 years or whatever it is later, wants to rewrite what happened. She wants to now show how she's about the people, she is fighting for minorities. Here's the problem: those films, in those where they were kind of based in. That's what it was like in those schools. I can tell you right now, The Breakfast Club, the, the group of kids that were there, that was literally my high school. That— not really, I didn't grow up in Sherman Oaks, Illinois, but that was my high school. Those characters Were My School, John Bender, you had Claire, you had Brian Johnson, you had Emilio Estevez's, um, character, all of them. Sixteen Candles, same thing, you know, uh, Pretty in Pink. I literally, that was like my high school. And I can guarantee you most of, most of the kids that watch those movies, they can say the exact same thing. And again, there's nothing wrong with that. Like, I'll give you a great example. So if we're gonna go by that, right, if we're gonna go by that, are we gonna then also go by, uh, remember the, uh, Joe Clark, the movie that was based in, uh, East Side High for, you know, Morgan Freeman's character, the true story of that, uh, principal? Lean on Me. Are we gonna then rewrite that? Are we just gonna throw a bunch of suburban white kids in there? Because there was none at that school at the time. Are we gonna then just start rewriting everything, you know, no matter what it is? Uh, let's take a movie, Grease, from the— like, this was supposed to be based in the '50s. Are we gonna then change, like, Danny Zuko's part to, you know, Denzel Washington is gonna take it? Like, This is like the dumb kind of things that people start doing because they want to seem, you know, they're part of the social justice warriors. She has made a living, a life off of John Hughes films. Like, what was the last thing she was in of relevance? She is known for those parts, and all she wants to do is like shit on them now. Well, you know, there's a reason why they were so successful, because they hit a nerve with people. They felt like, I know that part, I know that person, because that person is me or my friend or whatever it is. And now she wants to say, well, it was too white. That is like the most fucking stupid thing I've ever heard. Why is somebody gonna like— this is— if you want to see how stupid that is, can I say then, uh, Do the Right Thing was so black? What? Or, you know, um, one of those, um, those Japanese movies or kung fu movies or whatever they are that used to be on years ago. 'Oh my God, that is so Japanese.' Like, this— that's how dumb this is. But, but, you know, she thinks she's smarter than she is. And when you do that, when you think you're too smart and you're trying to put down a whole kind of thing of movies that you were in, you look stupid. And then Anne Hathaway just looks like a liar, basically. Just looks kind of like she is saying something She doesn't believe, but her publicist says, oh no, it's gonna make you look great, right? You're in this, you know, fashion movie about high-end fashion. And by the way, your character was that. They— why didn't— why couldn't the movie for Devil Wears Prada, the original, not have you have a makeover but have you be the way you are and change the editor-in-chief's mind of what she thought was attractive. You know why you didn't do that? Because the movie would have not worked. It wouldn't have made sense. The whole thing was of you changing. This one now, the second one, because again it's, well, I need to— the publicist telling her, you need to do this in public, watch how people are gonna love it. Well, people that aren't fucking crazy read right through it. They see what you're actually doing. Now, I don't know if this film is going to work, if it's not going to work. I have no idea. The original worked because of the cast, because of the premise, because of— everybody knew who the movie was based on, the editor from Vogue. Everybody knew, and it worked because they stuck to what it was about. It was about the fashion industry, the good, the bad, the cutthroat, the ugly, whatever it was, but they stuck to it. And now you're trying to like make sure that everything is— why didn't you give your part up then to a plus-size person? You know, I, I know there's actresses like that. Why didn't you do that? Or like, again, I said, why didn't you do it for Catwoman? Why didn't you fight to say, no, no, no, my character in Devil Wears Prada shouldn't be, um, made over to be attractive. I should stick to like the homely kind of unkempt person I was. Why not that? Or Molly Ringwald— why didn't you tell John Hughes, you know what, I think the character that I really want, the, the Jake Ryan character in, um, in Sixteen Candles shouldn't be a white guy driving a Porsche? It should be like a, a, a Mexican, um, person driving a BMW or whatever, like something like that. Or same thing, how come Blaine in, um, Six— in, uh, Pretty in Pink was, uh, Andrew McCarthy? Why, why didn't you fight for it to be, um, I don't know, I keep saying his name, but like, because he's such a good actor, Why didn't you fight it? Because he was young at the time, he could have worked it. Why wasn't it, uh, Denzel Washington? Why didn't you fight for that at the time? Because you know why you didn't do it? Because you were looking at that paycheck coming in. You didn't want to rock the boat, but now you want to keep in the spotlight. You're now fighting against everything, you know, Trump bad, no, he's no good, all the— well, well, why didn't you do that back then? Ronald Reagan was in office at that time. Why didn't you— why didn't you fight against Republicans then? Because you didn't want to, because you were in the middle of it and you saw how lucrative everything was and how much you were getting paid to do it. You know, another fucking stupid thing I saw— I forgot about this— right before, uh, I was gonna start talking about something else was I saw on a press conference for boxing, uh, I think it was Jake Paul, a reporter asked why isn't there ring boys, ring guys, or whatever, because of the, you know, the ring girls that hold the, uh, round numbers up and all that. That— there's a reason why, okay? It's because nobody wants to see that, dude. It's— there— nobody wants to see dudes walking around in the ring. I don't care whatever you say, the majority of people in the crowd are guys. There are probably— there are women in the crowd too, don't get me wrong, they want to see a fight too. But again, they're not— they're there to see the boxers, they're there to see the fighters. They— they— the guys, they want to see the fight too, but they want to see the ring girls as well. This is the kind— and you know what that reporter looked like? A pasty, veal-muscled dude that is just trying to pander to the women. That— those are the ones you got to worry about, by the way. The ones that are trying to pander, that are like, we're for all of the women equality, all— like, if they're screaming and yelling like this, going to every, um, you know, women's sit-in rights, whatever. They're, they're not there to be genuine. They're the dudes that you got— the ones that aren't saying things are the ones that are the ones you got to worry about. The other guys that are like basically honest, they're like, yeah dude, the ring girls, that's why they're there, right? They're the ones that you know what they're about, right? Nothing harmful. They know, you know. The ones that try to bullshit you are the ones you got to worry about, honestly. They the— they are the ones. So, you know, it's just funny how all of this— people try to change things in order to pander to a mob, because again, they're a little minority, this mob, but they are so violent, so nasty, that you, you know, if you could just keep them satisfied and at arm's length, you're safe. Well, the thing is, you gotta fight against them, or at least call them out. Don't pander, because then you just give them, uh, energy. Because I mean, case in point, you know, the whole dinner that there was another assassination attempt. Like, how many of this gonna be? And it's, and it's funny because, you know, this happened again. This is the third time, and the Democrats who constantly are talking about— and it is ironic, the ones that are keep constantly screaming about, we gotta fight, we gotta fight, are the ones that if they were in a fight, they'd run away or they'd get the shit kicked out of them. That's the funniest part, you know. Instead of like kind of toning it down a little bit, they just ratcheted it up, you know. It was bad after the one in Pennsylvania, then it got a little worse after the one at, uh, Mar-a-Lago. Now this last one, you have Jeffries talking like a TV tough guy, which meanwhile he just looks like a complete asshole, right? When you know this guy couldn't defend himself against a 10-year-old, never mind a grown man. So now you're okay with it. And you know what, if you want to talk shit like that, fine. Here's the problem I have, whether it's somebody like that Or say Jimmy Kimmel, you know, Jimmy Kimmel now is under like a bunch of shit because he, you know, made a joke right after about, um, or was it before Melania, um, you know, being a widow or whatever that, and he's always having digs at Trump, uh, and they're kind, he's kind of like ratcheting it up violence. Now here's the thing, I look at it two ways. You could either apologize for what you said because people were offended you know, and if you want to do that, great. Or two, you can, you can say what you want like that to try to get a laugh, you know, from people, which that's what comedy is, right? You know what, you want to say what you want to say, you think it's funny, say it. But here's the problem: if and when you get pushback, called out, a dig at you, you can't then start screaming being a victim. And that's what it's turned into, right? They— people like Jimmy Kimmel want to say whatever he wants to say and say, well, it's just comedy, deal with it. But then the next day, this dickhead is on like crying in front of the camera because Trump or a comedian or somebody said something back to him. So that's the problem I have, right? That's like very childish behavior. If you want to have a go because you think you're a big bad, you know, you feel like you're the bully, there's always going to be a bigger bully. And when they come after you, you can't then start crying, being a victim, because again, it's just comedy. But the Democrats use it, and I'll give them credit, they're very, very good at being, uh, you know, the victims, because they will scream and yell both sides of the argument depending on what's working, and they won't stop. See, that's the difference between, you know, of— I want to say a Republican, they, they— a lot of them don't have backbones. Not all of them, a lot of them, you know, the older ones, they just want to like keep their job, not, not rock the boat, collect money. So they won't fight to the death. Democrats nowadays, they'll burn the whole fucking place down before they'll give in. They don't give— like, you know, lockdowns, they don't give a shit, like, who's getting hurt, what's happening. If they aren't benefiting, it ain't happening in their minds. And the same thing goes for stuff like this. If this was reversed, if this was like Obama, there would be a— like, just think about how when Trump wasn't in, uh, in office, Pelosi, that, that Looney Tune crazy woman, basically ordered a wall. And that's the ironic thing, a separate wall built around, you know, the, the White House the Capitol building so nobody could get in or out. Isn't that funny? She want to build a wall, but now, you know, now it's like, well, you got to deal with it. This is the difference. And I wish that like people at times would fight fire with fire because, you know, when you stand up to a tough guy, they give in. And that's a big reason why they hate Trump. Trump is the outsider. He's the guy who came from TV, from real estate. Same thing with a guy like Spencer Pratt, right? Spencer Pratt is running for LA, uh, mayor, and you know who he is. He was on, uh, what was it, The Hills? And he was like the character they made him, and that's what it was, it was a character. You got to believe that like half the shit you see nowadays on reality TV Well, half— 95% is all fake. Um, but they're trying to paint him, just like, uh, Trump, as this kind of, you know, know-nothing guy who just was on TV, and what does he know about going into political office? Well, here's the irony of this whole thing. The Democrats who are saying this are actually trying to act online and go viral on TikTok, Instagram. So who's actually the bullshitter? Who's actually the actor? The guy who has plans out there— Trump has made things better, uh, Spencer Pratt has some good ideas, you know, after the— his home burned down during the wildfire. But he's being painted like Trump as this, you know, oh my God, what the hell do they know? You know why they don't like these guys, not because they were on TV, not because they are Republicans. It's because they're outsiders. They don't have ties. Because, you know, 99.9% of these politicians have been brought up in and around a lot of these same idiots, and they have ties to certain groups who kind of pull this— pull the ropes on them. These guys don't have any ties to that. So when you can't control people like that in politics, they're very dangerous because then they can do their own thing. I mean, look at this. Look at what they're trying to do to Donald Trump. And it's gotten worse. I thought it was bad his last term. This has gone to a whole nother level. And Spencer Pratt, if becomes mayor, the same thing, you know, with the governor of California, Steve Hilton, outsider. They don't want these guys because they can't control them. This will be nonstop. It'll, it'll go just like with Trump. They will go after them with a vengeance, whether it's the, you know, Batman villain character Newsom, who If anybody thinks he's going to become the president, you're fucking crazy. And here was what I was saying last night to somebody. I was watching that, uh, the— that series just to see what it was about, the JFK series, JFK Jr. I almost feel like they couldn't have had him run for president because he wouldn't have been, if he was still alive, radical enough. So they're trying to morph Gavin Newsom into this Bizarro World type of, you know, JFK clone. It's not gonna work because you know why? Two things. One, charisma— he has none. And two, he's fucking crazy. He's fucking nuts. Look at his hand and look at his wife. Holy shit, that is like the Joker and Harley Quinn like reboot. That's what those two are. So, you know, I think that's what the Democrats are trying to do, but it's picking up no steam and it's just falling flat on their face. So it'll be interesting what, what's going to happen. But I can tell you right now, uh, Spencer Pratt, um, Steve Hilton, these guys better be ready because it's going to be an onslaught like they did to Trump. So on that note, guys, I thank you so much for stopping by. I hope you had some fun as much as I did bringing it to you. I can't wait to see you guys next Tuesday or online. Keep a lookout, stop by all my social media, The Cuddy Adventure, TikTok, X, Instagram, YouTube. We'll have some lives on there too. So I will see you on Tuesday. Get out there, enjoy this amazing day with your friends, family, take your dog for a walk on the next The Cuddy Adventure."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "Hello everybody, it is Tuesday. It's the new episode of the Cuddy Adventure. Hello everybody, what's going on? All in one, I hope you're having an amazing week. It's been a great one here, a lot of stuff happening, a lot of things going on, things that make you just go, what in the hell are people thinking? So before we get started though, if you have an opportunity, it would really be appreciated if you could stop by all of my social media. The Cuddy Adventure on TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, X. Give a follow, subscribe, or just leave a comment, leave a like, whatever you want to do. Always like interacting, no matter good, bad, or otherwise. So let's get started. So, you know, I was looking around and, you know, there's a lot of things happening in entertainment, a lot of movies coming out, a lot of music, a lot of festivals, all sorts of different things happening. The thing that had me thinking, going, that's weird, isn't it, was how they're trying to— and this is actors, directors, writers, what have you— rewrite or change something that made the movie, music, show, whatever it is, a success to begin with. Case in point, the sequel to The Devil Wears Prada. Now, the first one was a gigantic success. Why? Well, because they stuck to what it was all about. They stuck to a movie about fashion, needs models, needs, you know, very attractive people in their clothes, the whole nine, right? And then it was about Anne Hathaway coming in not caring about fashion or how she looked, and they made her up to be attractive assistant, and that's basically kind of what it was about. Here's the problem now though. The second one now is coming out, and Anne Hathaway, which by the way, I mean, who knows how true it is or not, you know, there's been a lot of stories about her, how she is in private. You know what, I don't care. People can be however they want to be. They could be very nice They could be rude as shit. I don't really care. They're living their lives. That's how they should be. And it's not a big deal to me. My thing is though, when she starts talking bullshit, when she starts talking about how she fought like hell to have plus-size models, or not just skinny models on set. Now, I don't know about you, but you know that Anne Wintour, the one that's basically the woman who the whole, um, premise of the movie is kind of based loosely around, the Vogue editor-in-chief, all that, right? I can tell you right now, if she's, if she's not pandering to the woke Looney Tunes she's not having unattractive people on the COVID Oh, that's actually not true. Let me rephrase that. She did have Michelle Obama on the COVID um, but you know, she, she wants models. And for Anne Hathaway to say, well, I fought like anything to have plus-size models, and, um, you know, uh, not thin women on the movie. Now here's my, here's my take on this. It's two sides of this, right? One side is telling me, yeah, she's just crazy enough to believe that people are going to see this movie because they want to see, you know, men aren't— men, if they're going to go see this, they want to go see the models. Right? Don't, don't give me this, well, they want to see the story. No, they don't. Dudes are gonna go there because they want to see like the models. Um, on the women's side, they're gonna— a lot of them will lie. They'll tell you, oh, they're so attractive, it doesn't matter what weight they are. Well, if that's the case, why are you going to the gym? Why are you trying to work out? Like, you want to be fit and, you know, attractive looking. And there's nothing wrong with different sizes. I have no problem with that. It's the bullshit lies that these people tell you. Because if they're— she's pandering to the social justice warriors about having different people. And again, everybody can't be a model. That's why that job, there's only a few really high-end models. That's all there is to it. Now, that's what I'm saying, I think. Now, you want me to tell you what I know, and not because I know what's in her brain, but because you can tell she doesn't want anybody upstaging her. That's a fact, I can guarantee it. She wants to go in there and be the top shit. Why would she want, you know, Alessandra Ambrosia on there? Why would she want, like, you know, Gisele, all these, like, high-end models from, like, Victoria's Secret swimsuit and then, like, uh, Sports Illustrated, all this kind of stuff? She doesn't want them upending her and upstaging her in her own movie, you know what I mean? So it's, it's one of two things. Now I'm leaning toward the second one. The first one is to appease the mob. You get the mob off your back, you could do whatever the hell you want. You give them a couple of little morsels, you can keep them at arm's length for a while. Because what's worse than having a mob after you? Like, why, why would they want to deal? This is the director, this is the writer, this is all the actresses. Why would they want to have a unhinged mob at their, uh, world premiere, you know, their, their, their launch of the film? Why would they want a mob of protesters going, where are the plus-size models? Where are the ones with blue hair models? Like, you throw a few of them in the movie, put them over here, there, and everywhere. All of a sudden you look like the genius. Plus it makes you look better because you don't have to actually deal with models. And if she was so on board with this, why did she work out so much to be Catwoman in Batman? You know, the director told her, you know, you got to be like this to fit into this suit Well, she could have stood her ground like she said she did today, uh, for the movie The Devil Wears Prada 2. She could have stuck to her guns and told everybody, well, that's not what I'm doing. I don't think that's fair. Catwoman could be, you know, why didn't she say, well, there are all sorts of different cats. Look at Garfield. Garfield is pleasantly plump. I could be like Garfield Catwoman. But I didn't hear a peep out of her. Why? Because that part was huge in a Batman movie. And two, she knows she's full of shit. That's the two reasons. There's nothing more or nothing less. Like, you're trying to tell me if she could do this for a movie like that, she couldn't stand up for her— for herself now? She said how she was so fighting for all these other people to get jobs. Well, if you're so you know, for, you know, body positivity, why didn't you then just tell, um, Christopher Nolan, no, I don't want to fit into that, uh, body-hugging Catwoman suit, I want to be a plus-size Catwoman? Because no, there's never been a take on that. There's no way in all that is holy she was ever gonna do that, because again, she's full of it. And it's not just like somebody like that. That's one example. You know, there's another one, and this one really hits home, okay? Molly Ringwald. Molly Ringwald was in basically every amazing John Hughes teenage coming-of-age type of film, you know? Pretty in Pink, Sixteen Candles, Breakfast Club, you know, all those films she was in. And those are like the, you know, script of teenage lives in the '80s. Love the movies, right? Okay, now here's the thing. Now she's trying to rewrite everything. Like, for example, she was talking about, like, say, Breakfast Club. She was saying, well— or was it Sixteen Candles? One of the two, either one, to say this kind of stuff. Is just frightening. She was like, well, you know, it was so white. Okay, and that's how John Hughes wanted to write it. And I didn't see you bitching and moaning about it when you were collecting the paychecks from those films. You weren't, you weren't. Yeah, and this is what, what, this is why, you know, it's so disingenuous. This is why, you know, 'it's all nonsense, it's all playing up to the mob.' Like, if you really thought this, you would have had these thoughts then too. And if you're going to tell me, 'Well, I was young then,' okay, so if you fully believed any of the nonsense you're spewing, you would have said it then, you know what I mean? Like, it's not like you didn't have a platform to say it. Every camera was always all around, like the brat pack, right? All those, all those actors. But she wants to now, 30 years or whatever it is later, wants to rewrite what happened. She wants to now show how she's about the people, she is fighting for minorities. Here's the problem: those films, in those where they were kind of based in. That's what it was like in those schools. I can tell you right now, The Breakfast Club, the, the group of kids that were there, that was literally my high school. That— not really, I didn't grow up in Sherman Oaks, Illinois, but that was my high school. Those characters Were My School, John Bender, you had Claire, you had Brian Johnson, you had Emilio Estevez's, um, character, all of them. Sixteen Candles, same thing, you know, uh, Pretty in Pink. I literally, that was like my high school. And I can guarantee you most of, most of the kids that watch those movies, they can say the exact same thing. And again, there's nothing wrong with that. Like, I'll give you a great example. So if we're gonna go by that, right, if we're gonna go by that, are we gonna then also go by, uh, remember the, uh, Joe Clark, the movie that was based in, uh, East Side High for, you know, Morgan Freeman's character, the true story of that, uh, principal? Lean on Me. Are we gonna then rewrite that? Are we just gonna throw a bunch of suburban white kids in there? Because there was none at that school at the time. Are we gonna then just start rewriting everything, you know, no matter what it is? Uh, let's take a movie, Grease, from the— like, this was supposed to be based in the '50s. Are we gonna then change, like, Danny Zuko's part to, you know, Denzel Washington is gonna take it? Like, This is like the dumb kind of things that people start doing because they want to seem, you know, they're part of the social justice warriors. She has made a living, a life off of John Hughes films. Like, what was the last thing she was in of relevance? She is known for those parts, and all she wants to do is like shit on them now. Well, you know, there's a reason why they were so successful, because they hit a nerve with people. They felt like, I know that part, I know that person, because that person is me or my friend or whatever it is. And now she wants to say, well, it was too white. That is like the most fucking stupid thing I've ever heard. Why is somebody gonna like— this is— if you want to see how stupid that is, can I say then, uh, Do the Right Thing was so black? What? Or, you know, um, one of those, um, those Japanese movies or kung fu movies or whatever they are that used to be on years ago. 'Oh my God, that is so Japanese.' Like, this— that's how dumb this is. But, but, you know, she thinks she's smarter than she is. And when you do that, when you think you're too smart and you're trying to put down a whole kind of thing of movies that you were in, you look stupid. And then Anne Hathaway just looks like a liar, basically. Just looks kind of like she is saying something She doesn't believe, but her publicist says, oh no, it's gonna make you look great, right? You're in this, you know, fashion movie about high-end fashion. And by the way, your character was that. They— why didn't— why couldn't the movie for Devil Wears Prada, the original, not have you have a makeover but have you be the way you are and change the editor-in-chief's mind of what she thought was attractive. You know why you didn't do that? Because the movie would have not worked. It wouldn't have made sense. The whole thing was of you changing. This one now, the second one, because again it's, well, I need to— the publicist telling her, you need to do this in public, watch how people are gonna love it. Well, people that aren't fucking crazy read right through it. They see what you're actually doing. Now, I don't know if this film is going to work, if it's not going to work. I have no idea. The original worked because of the cast, because of the premise, because of— everybody knew who the movie was based on, the editor from Vogue. Everybody knew, and it worked because they stuck to what it was about. It was about the fashion industry, the good, the bad, the cutthroat, the ugly, whatever it was, but they stuck to it. And now you're trying to like make sure that everything is— why didn't you give your part up then to a plus-size person? You know, I, I know there's actresses like that. Why didn't you do that? Or like, again, I said, why didn't you do it for Catwoman? Why didn't you fight to say, no, no, no, my character in Devil Wears Prada shouldn't be, um, made over to be attractive. I should stick to like the homely kind of unkempt person I was. Why not that? Or Molly Ringwald— why didn't you tell John Hughes, you know what, I think the character that I really want, the, the Jake Ryan character in, um, in Sixteen Candles shouldn't be a white guy driving a Porsche? It should be like a, a, a Mexican, um, person driving a BMW or whatever, like something like that. Or same thing, how come Blaine in, um, Six— in, uh, Pretty in Pink was, uh, Andrew McCarthy? Why, why didn't you fight for it to be, um, I don't know, I keep saying his name, but like, because he's such a good actor, Why didn't you fight it? Because he was young at the time, he could have worked it. Why wasn't it, uh, Denzel Washington? Why didn't you fight for that at the time? Because you know why you didn't do it? Because you were looking at that paycheck coming in. You didn't want to rock the boat, but now you want to keep in the spotlight. You're now fighting against everything, you know, Trump bad, no, he's no good, all the— well, well, why didn't you do that back then? Ronald Reagan was in office at that time. Why didn't you— why didn't you fight against Republicans then? Because you didn't want to, because you were in the middle of it and you saw how lucrative everything was and how much you were getting paid to do it. You know, another fucking stupid thing I saw— I forgot about this— right before, uh, I was gonna start talking about something else was I saw on a press conference for boxing, uh, I think it was Jake Paul, a reporter asked why isn't there ring boys, ring guys, or whatever, because of the, you know, the ring girls that hold the, uh, round numbers up and all that. That— there's a reason why, okay? It's because nobody wants to see that, dude. It's— there— nobody wants to see dudes walking around in the ring. I don't care whatever you say, the majority of people in the crowd are guys. There are probably— there are women in the crowd too, don't get me wrong, they want to see a fight too. But again, they're not— they're there to see the boxers, they're there to see the fighters. They— they— the guys, they want to see the fight too, but they want to see the ring girls as well. This is the kind— and you know what that reporter looked like? A pasty, veal-muscled dude that is just trying to pander to the women. That— those are the ones you got to worry about, by the way. The ones that are trying to pander, that are like, we're for all of the women equality, all— like, if they're screaming and yelling like this, going to every, um, you know, women's sit-in rights, whatever. They're, they're not there to be genuine. They're the dudes that you got— the ones that aren't saying things are the ones that are the ones you got to worry about. The other guys that are like basically honest, they're like, yeah dude, the ring girls, that's why they're there, right? They're the ones that you know what they're about, right? Nothing harmful. They know, you know. The ones that try to bullshit you are the ones you got to worry about, honestly. They the— they are the ones. So, you know, it's just funny how all of this— people try to change things in order to pander to a mob, because again, they're a little minority, this mob, but they are so violent, so nasty, that you, you know, if you could just keep them satisfied and at arm's length, you're safe. Well, the thing is, you gotta fight against them, or at least call them out. Don't pander, because then you just give them, uh, energy. Because I mean, case in point, you know, the whole dinner that there was another assassination attempt. Like, how many of this gonna be? And it's, and it's funny because, you know, this happened again. This is the third time, and the Democrats who constantly are talking about— and it is ironic, the ones that are keep constantly screaming about, we gotta fight, we gotta fight, are the ones that if they were in a fight, they'd run away or they'd get the shit kicked out of them. That's the funniest part, you know. Instead of like kind of toning it down a little bit, they just ratcheted it up, you know. It was bad after the one in Pennsylvania, then it got a little worse after the one at, uh, Mar-a-Lago. Now this last one, you have Jeffries talking like a TV tough guy, which meanwhile he just looks like a complete asshole, right? When you know this guy couldn't defend himself against a 10-year-old, never mind a grown man. So now you're okay with it. And you know what, if you want to talk shit like that, fine. Here's the problem I have, whether it's somebody like that Or say Jimmy Kimmel, you know, Jimmy Kimmel now is under like a bunch of shit because he, you know, made a joke right after about, um, or was it before Melania, um, you know, being a widow or whatever that, and he's always having digs at Trump, uh, and they're kind, he's kind of like ratcheting it up violence. Now here's the thing, I look at it two ways. You could either apologize for what you said because people were offended you know, and if you want to do that, great. Or two, you can, you can say what you want like that to try to get a laugh, you know, from people, which that's what comedy is, right? You know what, you want to say what you want to say, you think it's funny, say it. But here's the problem: if and when you get pushback, called out, a dig at you, you can't then start screaming being a victim. And that's what it's turned into, right? They— people like Jimmy Kimmel want to say whatever he wants to say and say, well, it's just comedy, deal with it. But then the next day, this dickhead is on like crying in front of the camera because Trump or a comedian or somebody said something back to him. So that's the problem I have, right? That's like very childish behavior. If you want to have a go because you think you're a big bad, you know, you feel like you're the bully, there's always going to be a bigger bully. And when they come after you, you can't then start crying, being a victim, because again, it's just comedy. But the Democrats use it, and I'll give them credit, they're very, very good at being, uh, you know, the victims, because they will scream and yell both sides of the argument depending on what's working, and they won't stop. See, that's the difference between, you know, of— I want to say a Republican, they, they— a lot of them don't have backbones. Not all of them, a lot of them, you know, the older ones, they just want to like keep their job, not, not rock the boat, collect money. So they won't fight to the death. Democrats nowadays, they'll burn the whole fucking place down before they'll give in. They don't give— like, you know, lockdowns, they don't give a shit, like, who's getting hurt, what's happening. If they aren't benefiting, it ain't happening in their minds. And the same thing goes for stuff like this. If this was reversed, if this was like Obama, there would be a— like, just think about how when Trump wasn't in, uh, in office, Pelosi, that, that Looney Tune crazy woman, basically ordered a wall. And that's the ironic thing, a separate wall built around, you know, the, the White House the Capitol building so nobody could get in or out. Isn't that funny? She want to build a wall, but now, you know, now it's like, well, you got to deal with it. This is the difference. And I wish that like people at times would fight fire with fire because, you know, when you stand up to a tough guy, they give in. And that's a big reason why they hate Trump. Trump is the outsider. He's the guy who came from TV, from real estate. Same thing with a guy like Spencer Pratt, right? Spencer Pratt is running for LA, uh, mayor, and you know who he is. He was on, uh, what was it, The Hills? And he was like the character they made him, and that's what it was, it was a character. You got to believe that like half the shit you see nowadays on reality TV Well, half— 95% is all fake. Um, but they're trying to paint him, just like, uh, Trump, as this kind of, you know, know-nothing guy who just was on TV, and what does he know about going into political office? Well, here's the irony of this whole thing. The Democrats who are saying this are actually trying to act online and go viral on TikTok, Instagram. So who's actually the bullshitter? Who's actually the actor? The guy who has plans out there— Trump has made things better, uh, Spencer Pratt has some good ideas, you know, after the— his home burned down during the wildfire. But he's being painted like Trump as this, you know, oh my God, what the hell do they know? You know why they don't like these guys, not because they were on TV, not because they are Republicans. It's because they're outsiders. They don't have ties. Because, you know, 99.9% of these politicians have been brought up in and around a lot of these same idiots, and they have ties to certain groups who kind of pull this— pull the ropes on them. These guys don't have any ties to that. So when you can't control people like that in politics, they're very dangerous because then they can do their own thing. I mean, look at this. Look at what they're trying to do to Donald Trump. And it's gotten worse. I thought it was bad his last term. This has gone to a whole nother level. And Spencer Pratt, if becomes mayor, the same thing, you know, with the governor of California, Steve Hilton, outsider. They don't want these guys because they can't control them. This will be nonstop. It'll, it'll go just like with Trump. They will go after them with a vengeance, whether it's the, you know, Batman villain character Newsom, who If anybody thinks he's going to become the president, you're fucking crazy. And here was what I was saying last night to somebody. I was watching that, uh, the— that series just to see what it was about, the JFK series, JFK Jr. I almost feel like they couldn't have had him run for president because he wouldn't have been, if he was still alive, radical enough. So they're trying to morph Gavin Newsom into this Bizarro World type of, you know, JFK clone. It's not gonna work because you know why? Two things. One, charisma— he has none. And two, he's fucking crazy. He's fucking nuts. Look at his hand and look at his wife. Holy shit, that is like the Joker and Harley Quinn like reboot. That's what those two are. So, you know, I think that's what the Democrats are trying to do, but it's picking up no steam and it's just falling flat on their face. So it'll be interesting what, what's going to happen. But I can tell you right now, uh, Spencer Pratt, um, Steve Hilton, these guys better be ready because it's going to be an onslaught like they did to Trump. So on that note, guys, I thank you so much for stopping by. I hope you had some fun as much as I did bringing it to you. I can't wait to see you guys next Tuesday or online. Keep a lookout, stop by all my social media, The Cuddy Adventure, TikTok, X, Instagram, YouTube. We'll have some lives on there too. So I will see you on Tuesday. Get out there, enjoy this amazing day with your friends, family, take your dog for a walk on the next The Cuddy Adventure."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Hello everybody, it is Tuesday. It's the new episode of the Cuddy Adventure. Hello everybody, what's going on? All in one, I hope you're having an amazing week. It's been a great one here, a lot of stuff happening, a lot of things going on, things that make you just go, what in the hell are people thinking? So before we get started though, if you have an opportunity, it would really be appreciated if you could stop by all of my social media. The Cuddy Adventure on TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, X. Give a follow, subscribe, or just leave a comment, leave a like, whatever you want to do. Always like interacting, no matter good, bad, or otherwise. So let's get started. So, you know, I was looking around and, you know, there's a lot of things happening in entertainment, a lot of movies coming out, a lot of music, a lot of festivals, all sorts of different things happening. The thing that had me thinking, going, that's weird, isn't it, was how they're trying to— and this is actors, directors, writers, what have you— rewrite or change something that made the movie, music, show, whatever it is, a success to begin with. Case in point, the sequel to The Devil Wears Prada. Now, the first one was a gigantic success. Why? Well, because they stuck to what it was all about. They stuck to a movie about fashion, needs models, needs, you know, very attractive people in their clothes, the whole nine, right? And then it was about Anne Hathaway coming in not caring about fashion or how she looked, and they made her up to be attractive assistant, and that's basically kind of what it was about. Here's the problem now though. The second one now is coming out, and Anne Hathaway, which by the way, I mean, who knows how true it is or not, you know, there's been a lot of stories about her, how she is in private. You know what, I don't care. People can be however they want to be. They could be very nice They could be rude as shit. I don't really care. They're living their lives. That's how they should be. And it's not a big deal to me. My thing is though, when she starts talking bullshit, when she starts talking about how she fought like hell to have plus-size models, or not just skinny models on set. Now, I don't know about you, but you know that Anne Wintour, the one that's basically the woman who the whole, um, premise of the movie is kind of based loosely around, the Vogue editor-in-chief, all that, right? I can tell you right now, if she's, if she's not pandering to the woke Looney Tunes she's not having unattractive people on the COVID Oh, that's actually not true. Let me rephrase that. She did have Michelle Obama on the COVID um, but you know, she, she wants models. And for Anne Hathaway to say, well, I fought like anything to have plus-size models, and, um, you know, uh, not thin women on the movie. Now here's my, here's my take on this. It's two sides of this, right? One side is telling me, yeah, she's just crazy enough to believe that people are going to see this movie because they want to see, you know, men aren't— men, if they're going to go see this, they want to go see the models. Right? Don't, don't give me this, well, they want to see the story. No, they don't. Dudes are gonna go there because they want to see like the models. Um, on the women's side, they're gonna— a lot of them will lie. They'll tell you, oh, they're so attractive, it doesn't matter what weight they are. Well, if that's the case, why are you going to the gym? Why are you trying to work out? Like, you want to be fit and, you know, attractive looking. And there's nothing wrong with different sizes. I have no problem with that. It's the bullshit lies that these people tell you. Because if they're— she's pandering to the social justice warriors about having different people. And again, everybody can't be a model. That's why that job, there's only a few really high-end models. That's all there is to it. Now, that's what I'm saying, I think. Now, you want me to tell you what I know, and not because I know what's in her brain, but because you can tell she doesn't want anybody upstaging her. That's a fact, I can guarantee it. She wants to go in there and be the top shit. Why would she want, you know, Alessandra Ambrosia on there? Why would she want, like, you know, Gisele, all these, like, high-end models from, like, Victoria's Secret swimsuit and then, like, uh, Sports Illustrated, all this kind of stuff? She doesn't want them upending her and upstaging her in her own movie, you know what I mean? So it's, it's one of two things. Now I'm leaning toward the second one. The first one is to appease the mob. You get the mob off your back, you could do whatever the hell you want. You give them a couple of little morsels, you can keep them at arm's length for a while. Because what's worse than having a mob after you? Like, why, why would they want to deal? This is the director, this is the writer, this is all the actresses. Why would they want to have a unhinged mob at their, uh, world premiere, you know, their, their, their launch of the film? Why would they want a mob of protesters going, where are the plus-size models? Where are the ones with blue hair models? Like, you throw a few of them in the movie, put them over here, there, and everywhere. All of a sudden you look like the genius. Plus it makes you look better because you don't have to actually deal with models. And if she was so on board with this, why did she work out so much to be Catwoman in Batman? You know, the director told her, you know, you got to be like this to fit into this suit Well, she could have stood her ground like she said she did today, uh, for the movie The Devil Wears Prada 2. She could have stuck to her guns and told everybody, well, that's not what I'm doing. I don't think that's fair. Catwoman could be, you know, why didn't she say, well, there are all sorts of different cats. Look at Garfield. Garfield is pleasantly plump. I could be like Garfield Catwoman. But I didn't hear a peep out of her. Why? Because that part was huge in a Batman movie. And two, she knows she's full of shit. That's the two reasons. There's nothing more or nothing less. Like, you're trying to tell me if she could do this for a movie like that, she couldn't stand up for her— for herself now? She said how she was so fighting for all these other people to get jobs. Well, if you're so you know, for, you know, body positivity, why didn't you then just tell, um, Christopher Nolan, no, I don't want to fit into that, uh, body-hugging Catwoman suit, I want to be a plus-size Catwoman? Because no, there's never been a take on that. There's no way in all that is holy she was ever gonna do that, because again, she's full of it. And it's not just like somebody like that. That's one example. You know, there's another one, and this one really hits home, okay? Molly Ringwald. Molly Ringwald was in basically every amazing John Hughes teenage coming-of-age type of film, you know? Pretty in Pink, Sixteen Candles, Breakfast Club, you know, all those films she was in. And those are like the, you know, script of teenage lives in the '80s. Love the movies, right? Okay, now here's the thing. Now she's trying to rewrite everything. Like, for example, she was talking about, like, say, Breakfast Club. She was saying, well— or was it Sixteen Candles? One of the two, either one, to say this kind of stuff. Is just frightening. She was like, well, you know, it was so white. Okay, and that's how John Hughes wanted to write it. And I didn't see you bitching and moaning about it when you were collecting the paychecks from those films. You weren't, you weren't. Yeah, and this is what, what, this is why, you know, it's so disingenuous. This is why, you know, 'it's all nonsense, it's all playing up to the mob.' Like, if you really thought this, you would have had these thoughts then too. And if you're going to tell me, 'Well, I was young then,' okay, so if you fully believed any of the nonsense you're spewing, you would have said it then, you know what I mean? Like, it's not like you didn't have a platform to say it. Every camera was always all around, like the brat pack, right? All those, all those actors. But she wants to now, 30 years or whatever it is later, wants to rewrite what happened. She wants to now show how she's about the people, she is fighting for minorities. Here's the problem: those films, in those where they were kind of based in. That's what it was like in those schools. I can tell you right now, The Breakfast Club, the, the group of kids that were there, that was literally my high school. That— not really, I didn't grow up in Sherman Oaks, Illinois, but that was my high school. Those characters Were My School, John Bender, you had Claire, you had Brian Johnson, you had Emilio Estevez's, um, character, all of them. Sixteen Candles, same thing, you know, uh, Pretty in Pink. I literally, that was like my high school. And I can guarantee you most of, most of the kids that watch those movies, they can say the exact same thing. And again, there's nothing wrong with that. Like, I'll give you a great example. So if we're gonna go by that, right, if we're gonna go by that, are we gonna then also go by, uh, remember the, uh, Joe Clark, the movie that was based in, uh, East Side High for, you know, Morgan Freeman's character, the true story of that, uh, principal? Lean on Me. Are we gonna then rewrite that? Are we just gonna throw a bunch of suburban white kids in there? Because there was none at that school at the time. Are we gonna then just start rewriting everything, you know, no matter what it is? Uh, let's take a movie, Grease, from the— like, this was supposed to be based in the '50s. Are we gonna then change, like, Danny Zuko's part to, you know, Denzel Washington is gonna take it? Like, This is like the dumb kind of things that people start doing because they want to seem, you know, they're part of the social justice warriors. She has made a living, a life off of John Hughes films. Like, what was the last thing she was in of relevance? She is known for those parts, and all she wants to do is like shit on them now. Well, you know, there's a reason why they were so successful, because they hit a nerve with people. They felt like, I know that part, I know that person, because that person is me or my friend or whatever it is. And now she wants to say, well, it was too white. That is like the most fucking stupid thing I've ever heard. Why is somebody gonna like— this is— if you want to see how stupid that is, can I say then, uh, Do the Right Thing was so black? What? Or, you know, um, one of those, um, those Japanese movies or kung fu movies or whatever they are that used to be on years ago. 'Oh my God, that is so Japanese.' Like, this— that's how dumb this is. But, but, you know, she thinks she's smarter than she is. And when you do that, when you think you're too smart and you're trying to put down a whole kind of thing of movies that you were in, you look stupid. And then Anne Hathaway just looks like a liar, basically. Just looks kind of like she is saying something She doesn't believe, but her publicist says, oh no, it's gonna make you look great, right? You're in this, you know, fashion movie about high-end fashion. And by the way, your character was that. They— why didn't— why couldn't the movie for Devil Wears Prada, the original, not have you have a makeover but have you be the way you are and change the editor-in-chief's mind of what she thought was attractive. You know why you didn't do that? Because the movie would have not worked. It wouldn't have made sense. The whole thing was of you changing. This one now, the second one, because again it's, well, I need to— the publicist telling her, you need to do this in public, watch how people are gonna love it. Well, people that aren't fucking crazy read right through it. They see what you're actually doing. Now, I don't know if this film is going to work, if it's not going to work. I have no idea. The original worked because of the cast, because of the premise, because of— everybody knew who the movie was based on, the editor from Vogue. Everybody knew, and it worked because they stuck to what it was about. It was about the fashion industry, the good, the bad, the cutthroat, the ugly, whatever it was, but they stuck to it. And now you're trying to like make sure that everything is— why didn't you give your part up then to a plus-size person? You know, I, I know there's actresses like that. Why didn't you do that? Or like, again, I said, why didn't you do it for Catwoman? Why didn't you fight to say, no, no, no, my character in Devil Wears Prada shouldn't be, um, made over to be attractive. I should stick to like the homely kind of unkempt person I was. Why not that? Or Molly Ringwald— why didn't you tell John Hughes, you know what, I think the character that I really want, the, the Jake Ryan character in, um, in Sixteen Candles shouldn't be a white guy driving a Porsche? It should be like a, a, a Mexican, um, person driving a BMW or whatever, like something like that. Or same thing, how come Blaine in, um, Six— in, uh, Pretty in Pink was, uh, Andrew McCarthy? Why, why didn't you fight for it to be, um, I don't know, I keep saying his name, but like, because he's such a good actor, Why didn't you fight it? Because he was young at the time, he could have worked it. Why wasn't it, uh, Denzel Washington? Why didn't you fight for that at the time? Because you know why you didn't do it? Because you were looking at that paycheck coming in. You didn't want to rock the boat, but now you want to keep in the spotlight. You're now fighting against everything, you know, Trump bad, no, he's no good, all the— well, well, why didn't you do that back then? Ronald Reagan was in office at that time. Why didn't you— why didn't you fight against Republicans then? Because you didn't want to, because you were in the middle of it and you saw how lucrative everything was and how much you were getting paid to do it. You know, another fucking stupid thing I saw— I forgot about this— right before, uh, I was gonna start talking about something else was I saw on a press conference for boxing, uh, I think it was Jake Paul, a reporter asked why isn't there ring boys, ring guys, or whatever, because of the, you know, the ring girls that hold the, uh, round numbers up and all that. That— there's a reason why, okay? It's because nobody wants to see that, dude. It's— there— nobody wants to see dudes walking around in the ring. I don't care whatever you say, the majority of people in the crowd are guys. There are probably— there are women in the crowd too, don't get me wrong, they want to see a fight too. But again, they're not— they're there to see the boxers, they're there to see the fighters. They— they— the guys, they want to see the fight too, but they want to see the ring girls as well. This is the kind— and you know what that reporter looked like? A pasty, veal-muscled dude that is just trying to pander to the women. That— those are the ones you got to worry about, by the way. The ones that are trying to pander, that are like, we're for all of the women equality, all— like, if they're screaming and yelling like this, going to every, um, you know, women's sit-in rights, whatever. They're, they're not there to be genuine. They're the dudes that you got— the ones that aren't saying things are the ones that are the ones you got to worry about. The other guys that are like basically honest, they're like, yeah dude, the ring girls, that's why they're there, right? They're the ones that you know what they're about, right? Nothing harmful. They know, you know. The ones that try to bullshit you are the ones you got to worry about, honestly. They the— they are the ones. So, you know, it's just funny how all of this— people try to change things in order to pander to a mob, because again, they're a little minority, this mob, but they are so violent, so nasty, that you, you know, if you could just keep them satisfied and at arm's length, you're safe. Well, the thing is, you gotta fight against them, or at least call them out. Don't pander, because then you just give them, uh, energy. Because I mean, case in point, you know, the whole dinner that there was another assassination attempt. Like, how many of this gonna be? And it's, and it's funny because, you know, this happened again. This is the third time, and the Democrats who constantly are talking about— and it is ironic, the ones that are keep constantly screaming about, we gotta fight, we gotta fight, are the ones that if they were in a fight, they'd run away or they'd get the shit kicked out of them. That's the funniest part, you know. Instead of like kind of toning it down a little bit, they just ratcheted it up, you know. It was bad after the one in Pennsylvania, then it got a little worse after the one at, uh, Mar-a-Lago. Now this last one, you have Jeffries talking like a TV tough guy, which meanwhile he just looks like a complete asshole, right? When you know this guy couldn't defend himself against a 10-year-old, never mind a grown man. So now you're okay with it. And you know what, if you want to talk shit like that, fine. Here's the problem I have, whether it's somebody like that Or say Jimmy Kimmel, you know, Jimmy Kimmel now is under like a bunch of shit because he, you know, made a joke right after about, um, or was it before Melania, um, you know, being a widow or whatever that, and he's always having digs at Trump, uh, and they're kind, he's kind of like ratcheting it up violence. Now here's the thing, I look at it two ways. You could either apologize for what you said because people were offended you know, and if you want to do that, great. Or two, you can, you can say what you want like that to try to get a laugh, you know, from people, which that's what comedy is, right? You know what, you want to say what you want to say, you think it's funny, say it. But here's the problem: if and when you get pushback, called out, a dig at you, you can't then start screaming being a victim. And that's what it's turned into, right? They— people like Jimmy Kimmel want to say whatever he wants to say and say, well, it's just comedy, deal with it. But then the next day, this dickhead is on like crying in front of the camera because Trump or a comedian or somebody said something back to him. So that's the problem I have, right? That's like very childish behavior. If you want to have a go because you think you're a big bad, you know, you feel like you're the bully, there's always going to be a bigger bully. And when they come after you, you can't then start crying, being a victim, because again, it's just comedy. But the Democrats use it, and I'll give them credit, they're very, very good at being, uh, you know, the victims, because they will scream and yell both sides of the argument depending on what's working, and they won't stop. See, that's the difference between, you know, of— I want to say a Republican, they, they— a lot of them don't have backbones. Not all of them, a lot of them, you know, the older ones, they just want to like keep their job, not, not rock the boat, collect money. So they won't fight to the death. Democrats nowadays, they'll burn the whole fucking place down before they'll give in. They don't give— like, you know, lockdowns, they don't give a shit, like, who's getting hurt, what's happening. If they aren't benefiting, it ain't happening in their minds. And the same thing goes for stuff like this. If this was reversed, if this was like Obama, there would be a— like, just think about how when Trump wasn't in, uh, in office, Pelosi, that, that Looney Tune crazy woman, basically ordered a wall. And that's the ironic thing, a separate wall built around, you know, the, the White House the Capitol building so nobody could get in or out. Isn't that funny? She want to build a wall, but now, you know, now it's like, well, you got to deal with it. This is the difference. And I wish that like people at times would fight fire with fire because, you know, when you stand up to a tough guy, they give in. And that's a big reason why they hate Trump. Trump is the outsider. He's the guy who came from TV, from real estate. Same thing with a guy like Spencer Pratt, right? Spencer Pratt is running for LA, uh, mayor, and you know who he is. He was on, uh, what was it, The Hills? And he was like the character they made him, and that's what it was, it was a character. You got to believe that like half the shit you see nowadays on reality TV Well, half— 95% is all fake. Um, but they're trying to paint him, just like, uh, Trump, as this kind of, you know, know-nothing guy who just was on TV, and what does he know about going into political office? Well, here's the irony of this whole thing. The Democrats who are saying this are actually trying to act online and go viral on TikTok, Instagram. So who's actually the bullshitter? Who's actually the actor? The guy who has plans out there— Trump has made things better, uh, Spencer Pratt has some good ideas, you know, after the— his home burned down during the wildfire. But he's being painted like Trump as this, you know, oh my God, what the hell do they know? You know why they don't like these guys, not because they were on TV, not because they are Republicans. It's because they're outsiders. They don't have ties. Because, you know, 99.9% of these politicians have been brought up in and around a lot of these same idiots, and they have ties to certain groups who kind of pull this— pull the ropes on them. These guys don't have any ties to that. So when you can't control people like that in politics, they're very dangerous because then they can do their own thing. I mean, look at this. Look at what they're trying to do to Donald Trump. And it's gotten worse. I thought it was bad his last term. This has gone to a whole nother level. And Spencer Pratt, if becomes mayor, the same thing, you know, with the governor of California, Steve Hilton, outsider. They don't want these guys because they can't control them. This will be nonstop. It'll, it'll go just like with Trump. They will go after them with a vengeance, whether it's the, you know, Batman villain character Newsom, who If anybody thinks he's going to become the president, you're fucking crazy. And here was what I was saying last night to somebody. I was watching that, uh, the— that series just to see what it was about, the JFK series, JFK Jr. I almost feel like they couldn't have had him run for president because he wouldn't have been, if he was still alive, radical enough. So they're trying to morph Gavin Newsom into this Bizarro World type of, you know, JFK clone. It's not gonna work because you know why? Two things. One, charisma— he has none. And two, he's fucking crazy. He's fucking nuts. Look at his hand and look at his wife. Holy shit, that is like the Joker and Harley Quinn like reboot. That's what those two are. So, you know, I think that's what the Democrats are trying to do, but it's picking up no steam and it's just falling flat on their face. So it'll be interesting what, what's going to happen. But I can tell you right now, uh, Spencer Pratt, um, Steve Hilton, these guys better be ready because it's going to be an onslaught like they did to Trump. So on that note, guys, I thank you so much for stopping by. I hope you had some fun as much as I did bringing it to you. I can't wait to see you guys next Tuesday or online. Keep a lookout, stop by all my social media, The Cuddy Adventure, TikTok, X, Instagram, YouTube. We'll have some lives on there too. So I will see you on Tuesday. Get out there, enjoy this amazing day with your friends, family, take your dog for a walk on the next The Cuddy Adventure.
