# Tight Mayoral Race In LA (05/28)

**Show:** The John Kobylt Show
**Date Published:** 2026-05-29
**Date Found:** 2026-05-29
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/john-and-ken-on-demand/tight-mayoral-race-in-la-05-28?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Nithya Raman (mentioned)
**Duration:** 33 minutes

## Summary

This 33-minute episode of The John Kobylt Show mentions Nithya Raman.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Nithya Raman, The John Kobylt Show

## Key Moment

> "KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobalt Podcast on the iHeartRadio app. All right, let's go! KFI AM 640, live everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. It's the John Cobalt Show, another day here. Every day, 3 to 6, we're on, and after 6 o'clock, if you miss stuff, that's what the podcast is for. John Cobalt Show On Demand, also on the iHeartRadio app. We got a big day. I'm not just saying that. Steve Hilton, one of the leading candidates for governor in California, and, uh, a walk-in election day is on Tuesday, and the mail-in ballot percentage is pretty low for this late in the, uh, in the cycle. So either a lot of people are not interested or not inspired by the candidates, or they're undecided. But, uh, there's a new poll out and it shows, uh, Javier Bacarria and Steve Hilton at the top. And, uh, in fact, Hilton's lead is 5 points over the third place candidate, Tom Steyer. We'll get into all those details coming up, but Steve Hilton making his first in-studio appearance, and you could watch it live on YouTube. Which leads me to tell you that we are live on YouTube already, so you could, uh, get to the site, uh, to subscribe and become a member. youtube.com/@johncobaltshow. youtube.com/@johncobaltshow. And one other programming note, a special live stream, YouTube only, is at 11 AM tomorrow. Okay, you won't hear this on the radio, and you're not going to hear it, uh, the audio online. It's going to be live on YouTube, streaming only, at 11 AM. Uh, because I just can't say enough. There's always more to talk about, there's always more to say. Uh, now that's one poll, and I'll talk about the governor's poll later in the hour as we, uh, get ready for Steve Hilton. But the, uh, the poll more important to people not only in Los Angeles, because everything that happens in Los Angeles spills out over the borders into all the other cities in LA County. If LA is a sewer, it's more likely your town could become a sewer. And if it doesn't become a sewer, you got to fight like hell to keep the sludge out of your city. And that's the mayor's race in Los Angeles. And UC Berkeley LA Times had a poll, and, you know, we'll keep these— you know, each polling outfit comes with a little— a different— a different result. So for purposes here, we're going to just compare it to Uh, the same poll from March, okay? Uh, UC Berkeley Times had a poll in March, they got a poll now, uh, and this is the last one before Election Day, and they have Mayor Bass dropping to 26%, Nithya Raman up to 25%, Spencer Pratt up to 22%. So the three of them are bunched up real tight, and with the margin of error They're all practically tied. There's a margin of error of 2 to 3%. Raman and Pratt each surged by 8 points in the last 2 months. Bass is flat. So according to UC Berkeley LA Times, they have scoured the region in March and in May, and in May they couldn't find one more person who switched sides to, to Karen Bass. Not one undecided voter, not any other kind of voter. Normally, that would mean she is cooked in the general election, no matter who her opponent is. It means that nobody's going to get to 50%, there is going to be a runoff, and Bass is starting with her popularity shrinking even further. And, and I, I think it's, it's fair to say that unless you are a union member and getting bribed by Bass with our tax money. There isn't much of a constituency for Bass. That's the bulk of her support. And if you look, if you see those rallies on television, they're fake rallies. They're made up of union members who are on leave for the day. We're probably paying them, and they stand there and wave their stupid signs and chant their stupid slogans and pretend that, you know, she's the great savior. She's the great failure. Now What's disconcerting here is that Nithya Raman, who's really running an awful campaign, uh, and has disappointed even a lot of her supporters, uh, people, people don't know what to do. That this is a crowd that, that is, uh, afraid to turn to Spencer Pratt, even though Pratt is, is, uh, everything he's saying is true. The way he's describing the city is true. The solutions he is offering are the only solutions that are going to work because we've tried everything else, and they're common sense. They're what most normal people would do if we— one of us became mayor. And, and it shows you people are so locked into some of this progressive politics garbage. Nithya Raman's claim to fame for fighting homelessness is to fight the other council people when there's an ordinance so that other council people can have special sections of their district protected, such as areas around schools, parks, daycare centers. They, they invoke an ordinance known as 4118. 4118 means that in these designated areas, no homeless within 500 feet of a school, for example. Now, that's— is that not something everybody can agree with? Is there anyone outside a homeless person or outside the gang members who are selling drugs and weapons out of these homeless camps, is there anybody who disagrees? At least give the little kids 500 feet away from the half-naked guy screaming in the night, waving his member in the air. Injecting drugs, bent over, taking a crap. Can we give the kids 500 feet? Do you know who votes against every single one of those proposals? Nithya Raman. She votes against every other councilperson's proposal to keep, to keep the crazy people 500 feet away. The zombies. That's— it's remarkable. And I mean, she votes against everybody's proposal. As far as I know, she usually loses. It's often an 11-4 vote, and it's Rhamen and the three socialists, the DSA. They don't believe— the DSA is this new party They've got 4 seats on the council. They're trying to get more seats. They also have the city controller's office. A lot of people probably didn't even know this was going on. I've talked about it a number of times, but no matter how many times you tell people, it's really, really a dangerous group. Their philosophy is just all-out anarchy, communism, defund the police, you know, really get rid of the police, get rid of ICE, all that, like no law enforcement. And rights go to, uh, all the homeless, all the mental patients and, uh, drug addicts. They get full rights. And illegal aliens and criminals. Those are the three constituencies for this Democratic Socialists of America campaign. And the worst council people belong to the DSA, or they have staff advisors who belong to the DSA, such as my old a garbage bag, Mike Bonin, who used to be in my district. His staff was made up of DSA, and that's why he would never clean up the homeless. And he got kicked out of office for Tracy Park. So this, this, this is amazing. It shows you either people are woefully ignorant, or there are people who really believe in evil things. I mean, if you want drug addicts and, and the mentally ill, uh, to be living in front of your kids' school with gang members selling guns and drugs out of the tents. That's what you want? That's what Nithya Raman is for. The, the scene I described there is from her district, Los Feliz, in front of an elementary school. Row of tents blocking the entryway for elementary school kids, little kids. And the gangs controlled the tents, and they had a little store inside where you could buy your favorite drugs and your favorite weapons. Inside, you know, they just lift up the flap and say, you know, give me some meth, give me some fentanyl, give me a.45, pay the cash. And I don't know, maybe they take credit card, I'm not sure, or PayPal or something. But you know, if you pay up, then they give it to you right in front of the school. Nithya Raman wouldn't remove it in her own district. And famously, at a meeting where this type of issue came up, uh, and she spoke out against 4118, the, the crowd started booing her and heckling her, and she smirked and rolled her eyes and walked away. So she is a crazy person. She is more crazy than Bass. And yet There you go. It's 26, 25, 22. And like I said, statistically they're all, they're all tied. So the turnout is going to be huge. If you are fed up with this city, you, you really must vote. And you've got to go with Pratt. You got to go for Pratt, you know, at least here in the first round and, and get him into the runoff. And let's, let's have a campaign because this is, this is, this is scary here. And now Raman, uh, when we come back, we're supposed to be on Channel 5, Channel 5 News, uh, but suffered a really bizarre injury, so she claims. And we'll talk about that when we come back. This is the first time I've heard a politician cancel a TV appearance because of an injury to this particular body part."
> — Speaker A at 01:25
> *Nithya Raman was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:25] Speaker A: "KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobalt Podcast on the iHeartRadio app. All right, let's go! KFI AM 640, live everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. It's the John Cobalt Show, another day here. Every day, 3 to 6, we're on, and after 6 o'clock, if you miss stuff, that's what the podcast is for. John Cobalt Show On Demand, also on the iHeartRadio app. We got a big day. I'm not just saying that. Steve Hilton, one of the leading candidates for governor in California, and, uh, a walk-in election day is on Tuesday, and the mail-in ballot percentage is pretty low for this late in the, uh, in the cycle. So either a lot of people are not interested or not inspired by the candidates, or they're undecided. But, uh, there's a new poll out and it shows, uh, Javier Bacarria and Steve Hilton at the top. And, uh, in fact, Hilton's lead is 5 points over the third place candidate, Tom Steyer. We'll get into all those details coming up, but Steve Hilton making his first in-studio appearance, and you could watch it live on YouTube. Which leads me to tell you that we are live on YouTube already, so you could, uh, get to the site, uh, to subscribe and become a member. youtube.com/@johncobaltshow. youtube.com/@johncobaltshow. And one other programming note, a special live stream, YouTube only, is at 11 AM tomorrow. Okay, you won't hear this on the radio, and you're not going to hear it, uh, the audio online. It's going to be live on YouTube, streaming only, at 11 AM. Uh, because I just can't say enough. There's always more to talk about, there's always more to say. Uh, now that's one poll, and I'll talk about the governor's poll later in the hour as we, uh, get ready for Steve Hilton. But the, uh, the poll more important to people not only in Los Angeles, because everything that happens in Los Angeles spills out over the borders into all the other cities in LA County. If LA is a sewer, it's more likely your town could become a sewer. And if it doesn't become a sewer, you got to fight like hell to keep the sludge out of your city. And that's the mayor's race in Los Angeles. And UC Berkeley LA Times had a poll, and, you know, we'll keep these— you know, each polling outfit comes with a little— a different— a different result. So for purposes here, we're going to just compare it to Uh, the same poll from March, okay? Uh, UC Berkeley Times had a poll in March, they got a poll now, uh, and this is the last one before Election Day, and they have Mayor Bass dropping to 26%, Nithya Raman up to 25%, Spencer Pratt up to 22%. So the three of them are bunched up real tight, and with the margin of error They're all practically tied. There's a margin of error of 2 to 3%. Raman and Pratt each surged by 8 points in the last 2 months. Bass is flat. So according to UC Berkeley LA Times, they have scoured the region in March and in May, and in May they couldn't find one more person who switched sides to, to Karen Bass. Not one undecided voter, not any other kind of voter. Normally, that would mean she is cooked in the general election, no matter who her opponent is. It means that nobody's going to get to 50%, there is going to be a runoff, and Bass is starting with her popularity shrinking even further. And, and I, I think it's, it's fair to say that unless you are a union member and getting bribed by Bass with our tax money. There isn't much of a constituency for Bass. That's the bulk of her support. And if you look, if you see those rallies on television, they're fake rallies. They're made up of union members who are on leave for the day. We're probably paying them, and they stand there and wave their stupid signs and chant their stupid slogans and pretend that, you know, she's the great savior. She's the great failure. Now What's disconcerting here is that Nithya Raman, who's really running an awful campaign, uh, and has disappointed even a lot of her supporters, uh, people, people don't know what to do. That this is a crowd that, that is, uh, afraid to turn to Spencer Pratt, even though Pratt is, is, uh, everything he's saying is true. The way he's describing the city is true. The solutions he is offering are the only solutions that are going to work because we've tried everything else, and they're common sense. They're what most normal people would do if we— one of us became mayor. And, and it shows you people are so locked into some of this progressive politics garbage. Nithya Raman's claim to fame for fighting homelessness is to fight the other council people when there's an ordinance so that other council people can have special sections of their district protected, such as areas around schools, parks, daycare centers. They, they invoke an ordinance known as 4118. 4118 means that in these designated areas, no homeless within 500 feet of a school, for example. Now, that's— is that not something everybody can agree with? Is there anyone outside a homeless person or outside the gang members who are selling drugs and weapons out of these homeless camps, is there anybody who disagrees? At least give the little kids 500 feet away from the half-naked guy screaming in the night, waving his member in the air. Injecting drugs, bent over, taking a crap. Can we give the kids 500 feet? Do you know who votes against every single one of those proposals? Nithya Raman. She votes against every other councilperson's proposal to keep, to keep the crazy people 500 feet away. The zombies. That's— it's remarkable. And I mean, she votes against everybody's proposal. As far as I know, she usually loses. It's often an 11-4 vote, and it's Rhamen and the three socialists, the DSA. They don't believe— the DSA is this new party They've got 4 seats on the council. They're trying to get more seats. They also have the city controller's office. A lot of people probably didn't even know this was going on. I've talked about it a number of times, but no matter how many times you tell people, it's really, really a dangerous group. Their philosophy is just all-out anarchy, communism, defund the police, you know, really get rid of the police, get rid of ICE, all that, like no law enforcement. And rights go to, uh, all the homeless, all the mental patients and, uh, drug addicts. They get full rights. And illegal aliens and criminals. Those are the three constituencies for this Democratic Socialists of America campaign. And the worst council people belong to the DSA, or they have staff advisors who belong to the DSA, such as my old a garbage bag, Mike Bonin, who used to be in my district. His staff was made up of DSA, and that's why he would never clean up the homeless. And he got kicked out of office for Tracy Park. So this, this, this is amazing. It shows you either people are woefully ignorant, or there are people who really believe in evil things. I mean, if you want drug addicts and, and the mentally ill, uh, to be living in front of your kids' school with gang members selling guns and drugs out of the tents. That's what you want? That's what Nithya Raman is for. The, the scene I described there is from her district, Los Feliz, in front of an elementary school. Row of tents blocking the entryway for elementary school kids, little kids. And the gangs controlled the tents, and they had a little store inside where you could buy your favorite drugs and your favorite weapons. Inside, you know, they just lift up the flap and say, you know, give me some meth, give me some fentanyl, give me a.45, pay the cash. And I don't know, maybe they take credit card, I'm not sure, or PayPal or something. But you know, if you pay up, then they give it to you right in front of the school. Nithya Raman wouldn't remove it in her own district. And famously, at a meeting where this type of issue came up, uh, and she spoke out against 4118, the, the crowd started booing her and heckling her, and she smirked and rolled her eyes and walked away. So she is a crazy person. She is more crazy than Bass. And yet There you go. It's 26, 25, 22. And like I said, statistically they're all, they're all tied. So the turnout is going to be huge. If you are fed up with this city, you, you really must vote. And you've got to go with Pratt. You got to go for Pratt, you know, at least here in the first round and, and get him into the runoff. And let's, let's have a campaign because this is, this is, this is scary here. And now Raman, uh, when we come back, we're supposed to be on Channel 5, Channel 5 News, uh, but suffered a really bizarre injury, so she claims. And we'll talk about that when we come back. This is the first time I've heard a politician cancel a TV appearance because of an injury to this particular body part."
- [12:15] Speaker A: "KFI AM 640, more stimulating talk radio. John Cobalt Show, Moistline, 877-MOIST-86. Tomorrow is the Moistline day. Uh, week went by quick. Excuse me. 877-MOIST-86. Use the talkback feature in the iHeartRadio app. And we're live on YouTube, and you can subscribe and become a member by going to youtube.com/@joncobaltshow. Uh, all right, so I just spent a few minutes explaining the latest poll from UC Berkeley LA Times, which has the mayor's race: Bass 26, Raman 25, Pratt 22. With the margin of error, they're basically all tied. Uh, Raman and Pratt up by 8 since March. Bass is flat. And now the California Post has interviewed a bunch of polling experts. Jamie Page did the story, just came out in the last hour, and said this, uh, this poll is probably wrong, that it is dramatically understating Pratt's support. And they explain why. I'll read you what they say. I don't trust polls to, to the letter. Some of the reasons why are laid out in this article. But you know, it's, it's, it's all we got. And I, I think it's pretty clear, uh, that Pratt has surged. I will just say, over Memorial Day weekend, and I'm on, uh, the West Side, which is teeming with wieners, and virtually everybody I ran into, because we had a couple of social events, almost everybody I went to talk to— well, they were seeking me out actually— is to talk about Pratt. Nobody, nobody was asking me about Nithya Raman other than to roll their eyes the way she does. Uh, by the way, I have yet to either run into or have a friend or relative tell me that they know a guy who's voting for Nithya Raman. Do you?"
- [15:15] Speaker A: "To all the billionaires out there, is like, somebody put up some really funny anti-Nithya Raman billboards. Really funny, really cutting. That, that would— and they'd be truthful too, because you look at her policies, there's apparently not enough homeless camps in front of elementary schools for the kids to enjoy. Anyway, I've interrupted myself and then interrupted my interruption."
- [15:42] Speaker A: "Yeah, and then you're leading me farther down the road, and it's going to take till 5 30 before I get on track. Spencer Pratt, according to these polling experts, probably is doing even better than the, uh, UC Berkeley Times poll. Uh, they talked with Rick Taylor. He has spent 50 years in LA politics, not connected to any campaign, but he says internal campaign tracking, internal polls that he is familiar with, show Bass is more like at 32 Pratt at 30, and Raman lagging at 18. Now that would make more sense to me. I know Bass has a built-in audience made up of all those pathetic government employees and union members and woke heads, and Pratt has clearly got to be surging. Raman, I'm just not running into her constituency, and And he did— Rick Taylor says the problem starts with how many modern polls are conducted. These pollsters only believe in doing digital, which he believes is a weakness. You miss people who are not inclined to spend 20 minutes on their phone or on a computer answering questions. This is why the national polls missed the Trump surge over and over and over again. He always did much better all 3 times running for president than he did in the polls because his people don't vote as often, so they weren't in the likely voter category because they'll screen you out. Like, if you haven't voted all that often, they'll screen you out. You're not a likely voter. And then they don't have the time to sit on the phone with a pollster because you don't just get one question, who do you like for mayor? You get, you know, 72 questions. I did one poll in my life once, just to do it, long time ago, and we were on the phone so long the woman called back and asked me for a date. That's how long we were talking. It's true. And then stupidly I went on the date, but that's another story. And after I did that, I thought, this is This is a waste of time. I'm never doing this again. I just wasn't working that, that during that month that they called me, so I had the time to fill the day. Uh, Taylor calls the Berkeley survey an outlier and says modern polling cuts corners by leaning too heavily on cheap digital outreach. You get these emails, I get them, saying you want to take a survey. That the LA Times poll is a poll I call it an outlier. It's just not dependable. And it comes down to money. A poll can cost between $45,000 and $50,000. Campaigns and polling firms have to repeatedly call voters, restart interviews when people hang up, train operators to stay on the phone to complete enough of the detailed surveys. And cheaper polling methods are missing the very voters driving Pratt's surge, right? Because these are the people who don't vote a whole lot. They just, they just bop along. Then they look around and see of all, all of Nithya Raman's drug addicts lying and dying in the street, and it's like, what the hell is going on here? Is there anybody fighting this stuff? And turnout is at 7% with the mail-in ballots, 7%. And it seemed, he says, Taylor says progressive voting seems to be less energized this cycle. Well, yeah, the progressives have destroyed the city. I mean, maybe even some of them are realizing it's like, wow, we really, really screwed this place up. We made this place a filthy cesspool. Maybe we're wrong. Maybe our ideas don't work. All right, when we come back— did I ever get to whatever I wanted to get to? I don't even know. No, you didn't. Oh, I didn't. I didn't get to the— the Theoraman's body part that got injured. Oh yeah, kept her off Channel 5. That was a good tease too, and I completely blew it. Well, Ray walked in with this new thing, so we'll get to Nithya Raman's injured body part next. Uh, she can't do TV."
- [19:58] Speaker A: "KFI AM 640, more stimulating talk radio. John Cobalt Show, we're on from 3 to 6. After 6 o'clock, the podcast, John Cobalt Show on demand. A lot coming up. We have, uh, Steve Hilton the Steve Hilton, coming in at 4 o'clock in studio. And, uh, he'll be live on YouTube because we're already YouTubing. We got the live stream going. You go to youtube.com/@joncobeltshow and you can subscribe, become a member, and you can watch us all afternoon, enjoy the comments along the side in the chat room. And Steve Hilton will be here coming up, uh, in just a few minutes. Uh, we have a correction to make. We have a correction to make. We were, uh, talking amongst ourselves on the air. If anybody knows a male, a biological male who has remained a biological male, who is voting for Nithya Raman. And Deborah thought she knew of one, but it turns out no."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.

[00:04] **Speaker B:** Let's be honest, buying cannabis shouldn't be complicated, sketchy, or low quality. That's why I want to tell you about Mood.com. That's M-O-O-D.com. Mood ships federally legal cannabis straight to your door. No medical card, no hassle. And here's the kicker, the quality is better than anything you'll find at your local dispensary. Yeah, I said it. Whether you're into edibles, concentrates, flour, or just looking to explore, you'll find it all at Mood. And it's not just the variety that makes them stand out. Every product is sourced from small American-owned family farms that care deeply about what they grow. It's cannabis you can trust, delivered discreetly, and ready to elevate your mood. And because you're a listener, you get 20% off your first order. Just head to mood.com for That's moood.com to get started.

[00:54] **Speaker C:** With the new My Lowe's Pro Rewards American Express card, earn 3 points per dollar spent on Lowe's qualifying purchases for the first 6 months after card account opening. Plus, save 5% every day on eligible purchases at Lowe's and earn points on eligible purchases everywhere else MX is accepted. Card members get more at Lowe's. Subject to credit approval. 5% can't be combined with any other offer. Exclusions and restrictions apply. Points subject to loyalty terms at lowes.com/terms and credit reward terms at synchrony.com/mlpra-terms. Visit lowes.com .com/businesscredit.

[01:25] **Speaker A:** KFI AM 640, you're listening to the John Cobalt Podcast on the iHeartRadio app. All right, let's go! KFI AM 640, live everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. It's the John Cobalt Show, another day here. Every day, 3 to 6, we're on, and after 6 o'clock, if you miss stuff, that's what the podcast is for. John Cobalt Show On Demand, also on the iHeartRadio app. We got a big day. I'm not just saying that. Steve Hilton, one of the leading candidates for governor in California, and, uh, a walk-in election day is on Tuesday, and the mail-in ballot percentage is pretty low for this late in the, uh, in the cycle. So either a lot of people are not interested or not inspired by the candidates, or they're undecided. But, uh, there's a new poll out and it shows, uh, Javier Bacarria and Steve Hilton at the top. And, uh, in fact, Hilton's lead is 5 points over the third place candidate, Tom Steyer. We'll get into all those details coming up, but Steve Hilton making his first in-studio appearance, and you could watch it live on YouTube. Which leads me to tell you that we are live on YouTube already, so you could, uh, get to the site, uh, to subscribe and become a member. youtube.com/@johncobaltshow. youtube.com/@johncobaltshow. And one other programming note, a special live stream, YouTube only, is at 11 AM tomorrow. Okay, you won't hear this on the radio, and you're not going to hear it, uh, the audio online. It's going to be live on YouTube, streaming only, at 11 AM. Uh, because I just can't say enough. There's always more to talk about, there's always more to say. Uh, now that's one poll, and I'll talk about the governor's poll later in the hour as we, uh, get ready for Steve Hilton. But the, uh, the poll more important to people not only in Los Angeles, because everything that happens in Los Angeles spills out over the borders into all the other cities in LA County. If LA is a sewer, it's more likely your town could become a sewer. And if it doesn't become a sewer, you got to fight like hell to keep the sludge out of your city. And that's the mayor's race in Los Angeles. And UC Berkeley LA Times had a poll, and, you know, we'll keep these— you know, each polling outfit comes with a little— a different— a different result. So for purposes here, we're going to just compare it to Uh, the same poll from March, okay? Uh, UC Berkeley Times had a poll in March, they got a poll now, uh, and this is the last one before Election Day, and they have Mayor Bass dropping to 26%, Nithya Raman up to 25%, Spencer Pratt up to 22%. So the three of them are bunched up real tight, and with the margin of error They're all practically tied. There's a margin of error of 2 to 3%. Raman and Pratt each surged by 8 points in the last 2 months. Bass is flat. So according to UC Berkeley LA Times, they have scoured the region in March and in May, and in May they couldn't find one more person who switched sides to, to Karen Bass. Not one undecided voter, not any other kind of voter. Normally, that would mean she is cooked in the general election, no matter who her opponent is. It means that nobody's going to get to 50%, there is going to be a runoff, and Bass is starting with her popularity shrinking even further. And, and I, I think it's, it's fair to say that unless you are a union member and getting bribed by Bass with our tax money. There isn't much of a constituency for Bass. That's the bulk of her support. And if you look, if you see those rallies on television, they're fake rallies. They're made up of union members who are on leave for the day. We're probably paying them, and they stand there and wave their stupid signs and chant their stupid slogans and pretend that, you know, she's the great savior. She's the great failure. Now What's disconcerting here is that Nithya Raman, who's really running an awful campaign, uh, and has disappointed even a lot of her supporters, uh, people, people don't know what to do. That this is a crowd that, that is, uh, afraid to turn to Spencer Pratt, even though Pratt is, is, uh, everything he's saying is true. The way he's describing the city is true. The solutions he is offering are the only solutions that are going to work because we've tried everything else, and they're common sense. They're what most normal people would do if we— one of us became mayor. And, and it shows you people are so locked into some of this progressive politics garbage. Nithya Raman's claim to fame for fighting homelessness is to fight the other council people when there's an ordinance so that other council people can have special sections of their district protected, such as areas around schools, parks, daycare centers. They, they invoke an ordinance known as 4118. 4118 means that in these designated areas, no homeless within 500 feet of a school, for example. Now, that's— is that not something everybody can agree with? Is there anyone outside a homeless person or outside the gang members who are selling drugs and weapons out of these homeless camps, is there anybody who disagrees? At least give the little kids 500 feet away from the half-naked guy screaming in the night, waving his member in the air. Injecting drugs, bent over, taking a crap. Can we give the kids 500 feet? Do you know who votes against every single one of those proposals? Nithya Raman. She votes against every other councilperson's proposal to keep, to keep the crazy people 500 feet away. The zombies. That's— it's remarkable. And I mean, she votes against everybody's proposal. As far as I know, she usually loses. It's often an 11-4 vote, and it's Rhamen and the three socialists, the DSA. They don't believe— the DSA is this new party They've got 4 seats on the council. They're trying to get more seats. They also have the city controller's office. A lot of people probably didn't even know this was going on. I've talked about it a number of times, but no matter how many times you tell people, it's really, really a dangerous group. Their philosophy is just all-out anarchy, communism, defund the police, you know, really get rid of the police, get rid of ICE, all that, like no law enforcement. And rights go to, uh, all the homeless, all the mental patients and, uh, drug addicts. They get full rights. And illegal aliens and criminals. Those are the three constituencies for this Democratic Socialists of America campaign. And the worst council people belong to the DSA, or they have staff advisors who belong to the DSA, such as my old a garbage bag, Mike Bonin, who used to be in my district. His staff was made up of DSA, and that's why he would never clean up the homeless. And he got kicked out of office for Tracy Park. So this, this, this is amazing. It shows you either people are woefully ignorant, or there are people who really believe in evil things. I mean, if you want drug addicts and, and the mentally ill, uh, to be living in front of your kids' school with gang members selling guns and drugs out of the tents. That's what you want? That's what Nithya Raman is for. The, the scene I described there is from her district, Los Feliz, in front of an elementary school. Row of tents blocking the entryway for elementary school kids, little kids. And the gangs controlled the tents, and they had a little store inside where you could buy your favorite drugs and your favorite weapons. Inside, you know, they just lift up the flap and say, you know, give me some meth, give me some fentanyl, give me a.45, pay the cash. And I don't know, maybe they take credit card, I'm not sure, or PayPal or something. But you know, if you pay up, then they give it to you right in front of the school. Nithya Raman wouldn't remove it in her own district. And famously, at a meeting where this type of issue came up, uh, and she spoke out against 4118, the, the crowd started booing her and heckling her, and she smirked and rolled her eyes and walked away. So she is a crazy person. She is more crazy than Bass. And yet There you go. It's 26, 25, 22. And like I said, statistically they're all, they're all tied. So the turnout is going to be huge. If you are fed up with this city, you, you really must vote. And you've got to go with Pratt. You got to go for Pratt, you know, at least here in the first round and, and get him into the runoff. And let's, let's have a campaign because this is, this is, this is scary here. And now Raman, uh, when we come back, we're supposed to be on Channel 5, Channel 5 News, uh, but suffered a really bizarre injury, so she claims. And we'll talk about that when we come back. This is the first time I've heard a politician cancel a TV appearance because of an injury to this particular body part.

[12:08] **Speaker C:** You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640.

[12:15] **Speaker A:** KFI AM 640, more stimulating talk radio. John Cobalt Show, Moistline, 877-MOIST-86. Tomorrow is the Moistline day. Uh, week went by quick. Excuse me. 877-MOIST-86. Use the talkback feature in the iHeartRadio app. And we're live on YouTube, and you can subscribe and become a member by going to youtube.com/@joncobaltshow. Uh, all right, so I just spent a few minutes explaining the latest poll from UC Berkeley LA Times, which has the mayor's race: Bass 26, Raman 25, Pratt 22. With the margin of error, they're basically all tied. Uh, Raman and Pratt up by 8 since March. Bass is flat. And now the California Post has interviewed a bunch of polling experts. Jamie Page did the story, just came out in the last hour, and said this, uh, this poll is probably wrong, that it is dramatically understating Pratt's support. And they explain why. I'll read you what they say. I don't trust polls to, to the letter. Some of the reasons why are laid out in this article. But you know, it's, it's, it's all we got. And I, I think it's pretty clear, uh, that Pratt has surged. I will just say, over Memorial Day weekend, and I'm on, uh, the West Side, which is teeming with wieners, and virtually everybody I ran into, because we had a couple of social events, almost everybody I went to talk to— well, they were seeking me out actually— is to talk about Pratt. Nobody, nobody was asking me about Nithya Raman other than to roll their eyes the way she does. Uh, by the way, I have yet to either run into or have a friend or relative tell me that they know a guy who's voting for Nithya Raman. Do you?

[14:14] **Speaker D:** Um, I know a woman, right? But, and I think her husband is actually Really? She said they.

[14:20] **Speaker A:** Does he have all his parts?

[14:22] **Speaker B:** Uh-huh.

[14:23] **Speaker A:** Well, how would you know?

[14:24] **Speaker D:** Well, she would have probably told me.

[14:26] **Speaker A:** I see. Uh, my wife knows a lot of ramen people. Uh, I just haven't run into the guy. I don't know if I want to. Like, what guy would get— oh yeah, Nithya Ramen. That's what LA needs, right? There aren't enough people lying dead in the street. Let's have more. I would— if I had the money, I'd love to put up fake Nithya Ramen billboards. I'd Nithya Ramen because there's not enough drug addicts laying dead in the street. You know, there's a lot of billionaires that live in LA. I read about them all the time. Can't one of them with a sense of humor pay for a billboard like that?

[15:07] **Speaker D:** Um, anyway, you know enough people, John. You know billionaires. Why don't you talk to them about that?

[15:13] **Speaker A:** You know, I'm gonna make a personal plea.

[15:15] **Speaker D:** You should.

[15:15] **Speaker A:** To all the billionaires out there, is like, somebody put up some really funny anti-Nithya Raman billboards. Really funny, really cutting. That, that would— and they'd be truthful too, because you look at her policies, there's apparently not enough homeless camps in front of elementary schools for the kids to enjoy. Anyway, I've interrupted myself and then interrupted my interruption.

[15:40] **Speaker D:** Yes, you did. So now I'm interrupting you.

[15:42] **Speaker A:** Yeah, and then you're leading me farther down the road, and it's going to take till 5 30 before I get on track. Spencer Pratt, according to these polling experts, probably is doing even better than the, uh, UC Berkeley Times poll. Uh, they talked with Rick Taylor. He has spent 50 years in LA politics, not connected to any campaign, but he says internal campaign tracking, internal polls that he is familiar with, show Bass is more like at 32 Pratt at 30, and Raman lagging at 18. Now that would make more sense to me. I know Bass has a built-in audience made up of all those pathetic government employees and union members and woke heads, and Pratt has clearly got to be surging. Raman, I'm just not running into her constituency, and And he did— Rick Taylor says the problem starts with how many modern polls are conducted. These pollsters only believe in doing digital, which he believes is a weakness. You miss people who are not inclined to spend 20 minutes on their phone or on a computer answering questions. This is why the national polls missed the Trump surge over and over and over again. He always did much better all 3 times running for president than he did in the polls because his people don't vote as often, so they weren't in the likely voter category because they'll screen you out. Like, if you haven't voted all that often, they'll screen you out. You're not a likely voter. And then they don't have the time to sit on the phone with a pollster because you don't just get one question, who do you like for mayor? You get, you know, 72 questions. I did one poll in my life once, just to do it, long time ago, and we were on the phone so long the woman called back and asked me for a date. That's how long we were talking. It's true. And then stupidly I went on the date, but that's another story. And after I did that, I thought, this is This is a waste of time. I'm never doing this again. I just wasn't working that, that during that month that they called me, so I had the time to fill the day. Uh, Taylor calls the Berkeley survey an outlier and says modern polling cuts corners by leaning too heavily on cheap digital outreach. You get these emails, I get them, saying you want to take a survey. That the LA Times poll is a poll I call it an outlier. It's just not dependable. And it comes down to money. A poll can cost between $45,000 and $50,000. Campaigns and polling firms have to repeatedly call voters, restart interviews when people hang up, train operators to stay on the phone to complete enough of the detailed surveys. And cheaper polling methods are missing the very voters driving Pratt's surge, right? Because these are the people who don't vote a whole lot. They just, they just bop along. Then they look around and see of all, all of Nithya Raman's drug addicts lying and dying in the street, and it's like, what the hell is going on here? Is there anybody fighting this stuff? And turnout is at 7% with the mail-in ballots, 7%. And it seemed, he says, Taylor says progressive voting seems to be less energized this cycle. Well, yeah, the progressives have destroyed the city. I mean, maybe even some of them are realizing it's like, wow, we really, really screwed this place up. We made this place a filthy cesspool. Maybe we're wrong. Maybe our ideas don't work. All right, when we come back— did I ever get to whatever I wanted to get to? I don't even know. No, you didn't. Oh, I didn't. I didn't get to the— the Theoraman's body part that got injured. Oh yeah, kept her off Channel 5. That was a good tease too, and I completely blew it. Well, Ray walked in with this new thing, so we'll get to Nithya Raman's injured body part next. Uh, she can't do TV.

[19:53] **Speaker C:** You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640.

[19:58] **Speaker A:** KFI AM 640, more stimulating talk radio. John Cobalt Show, we're on from 3 to 6. After 6 o'clock, the podcast, John Cobalt Show on demand. A lot coming up. We have, uh, Steve Hilton the Steve Hilton, coming in at 4 o'clock in studio. And, uh, he'll be live on YouTube because we're already YouTubing. We got the live stream going. You go to youtube.com/@joncobeltshow and you can subscribe, become a member, and you can watch us all afternoon, enjoy the comments along the side in the chat room. And Steve Hilton will be here coming up, uh, in just a few minutes. Uh, we have a correction to make. We have a correction to make. We were, uh, talking amongst ourselves on the air. If anybody knows a male, a biological male who has remained a biological male, who is voting for Nithya Raman. And Deborah thought she knew of one, but it turns out no.

[20:53] **Speaker D:** Yes, I'm sorry, the man and woman, actually the couple, they are voting for Bass.

[20:58] **Speaker A:** I see.

[20:59] **Speaker D:** So I was mistaken.

[21:00] **Speaker A:** That's it. And they're friends of yours? Yes. All right, I need to talk to them. That probably wouldn't work out well, huh?

[21:09] **Speaker D:** Probably not.

[21:10] **Speaker A:** Okay, well Nithya Raman is really, really bad. And so I go back to my original statement. I don't know. I don't know somebody who knows somebody of a current biological male who is voting for Nithya Raman. Yeah, politics is all about demographics. So I'm curious about demographics. I want to know just what the percentage is there, because I, you know what I notice? I notice we have an— well, I notice, talk about it all the time— just a very female-driven government. Uh, we got 5 LA County supervisors, we've got a female mayor, uh, and the 5 supervisors are female as well, and, uh, many other females in all levels of government now. And there's this, uh, concept called suicidal empathy where now all the empathy pouring out of these women collectively— or it could just be corruption, it's hard to tell, uh place the— that they have more care for the, uh, the criminals and for the homeless people, the drug addicts and the mental patients, than they do for the rest of us who have to live with all the insanity. It's called suicidal empathy. Go look it up. Somebody wrote a book on it just in the last couple of weeks. Now, Antonithia Rahman Uh, she was supposed to be on Channel 5 to do an interview, and we're going to play a clip. This is Michael Ullman, right? Uh, they had to apologize that Rahman called in, she had a certain injured body part.

[22:51] **Speaker C:** We have extended a number of invitations to Mayor Bass to appear on the show. Those invitations have all been denied, and tonight candidate for mayor Former city council member Nithya Raman was scheduled to appear with us here in studio.

[23:04] **Speaker A:** However, her team canceled late this afternoon citing a tongue injury.

[23:10] **Speaker D:** A tongue—

[23:12] **Speaker A:** a tongue injury.

[23:14] **Speaker D:** How do you get a tongue injury? I mean, I understand maybe she bit down on it too hard.

[23:20] **Speaker A:** I don't—

[23:20] **Speaker D:** chewing on something.

[23:21] **Speaker A:** Uh, I, I, you know, I've bitten my tongue.

[23:25] **Speaker D:** I have too.

[23:26] **Speaker A:** But it does hurt, but never to the point where I couldn't work.

[23:30] **Speaker D:** Same.

[23:32] **Speaker A:** You know, maybe it feels painful or a little swollen or something, but how are you gonna leave? I, I can't imagine biting so hard that you can't do an interview anymore. Do we know if it was a bitten tongue or maybe some other— I mean, could she have strained it, pulled a muscle?

[23:51] **Speaker D:** What?

[23:52] **Speaker A:** You tell me.

[23:56] **Speaker D:** I walked right into that one.

[23:57] **Speaker A:** I was waiting for you, actually. I was. I'm thinking, how can I set this up so she does that? And I did. Yeah. Wow.

[24:05] **Speaker D:** I have issues.

[24:09] **Speaker A:** No, I'm just so happy I can rely on you. You never let me down.

[24:14] **Speaker D:** I'm that predictable?

[24:16] **Speaker A:** Yeah. Well, no, just, uh, I I just know how you're going to respond, that's all. You will ask the question.

[24:24] **Speaker D:** I have a big mouth.

[24:25] **Speaker A:** That's okay. Um, so no, keep going. Go ahead.

[24:32] **Speaker D:** No, no, God.

[24:33] **Speaker A:** Uh, so anyway, Nithya could not talk to, uh, Channel 5 because of the tongue injury. Now I don't know if the tongue is, uh, in a cast or a splint, um, if she's, if she's out for the rest of the campaign because she's only got another few days.

[24:48] **Speaker D:** You only have one tongue. You have to take care of it.

[24:50] **Speaker A:** That's a good point there. Boy, somebody paid attention in physiology class.

[24:55] **Speaker D:** That's me.

[24:57] **Speaker A:** Yeah, that's right. I only have one. Are you sure?

[25:00] **Speaker D:** As far as I know.

[25:02] **Speaker A:** Could be a second one there. Uh, so, uh, that would be a shame if we couldn't hear Mithya Raman talk for the next week. Boy, I'd really regret that. I gotta believe, and this is not just wishful thinking though, I gotta believe that that pollster that talked to Jamie Page at the Post is right, that they're not, they're not picking up the Pratt vote based on people who are going to have the patience and desire to participate in an online or phone poll. That, that this is, this is a different kind of phenomenon going on. And, uh, you know, the kind of person who is so fed up and so sick of everything in LA and the media in LA, they get an email or they get a phone call, they're going to just say, oh, F this, I'm not wasting my time on this because nobody trusts this stuff anymore. They, the pollsters, still have to make a paycheck and they don't want to talk out loud too much about, hey, you know, nobody's answering the phone anymore, nobody's responding to the emails. In fact, we're getting blocked and deleted and reported, and we're all— everything's going to the spam folder, basically, poll requests. Uh, if it's not going into spam, it's going into trash. So I don't know, it's hard to believe just based on— I'm trying to trust my own senses. Like, what I— when I trust my eyes, I know that there are— there is no reduction in homeless people in LA. I'm trusting my eyes, I'm trusting my ears, and I'm thinking, why, there's a lot of Spencer Pratt chatter going on, and people are animated too. Like, I never heard people talk about a mayoral race like this before that I can remember. So it, it can't be that there's the same level of support for Nithya Raman, who, like I said, I haven't, I haven't met that guy yet who's saying go Raman. And I really can't believe mothers want a woman who had let a homeless encampment filled with drug drug addicts, mental patients, guns, gang members. You'd let that in front of your kids' elementary school? I, I really have a hard time believing that. I don't think we're that insane yet, but we'll find out after the vote. And I, I hope all the progressives who haven't shown up to vote stay in their dark little hole in their basement, and they can amuse themselves any way they want, but stay away. Stop voting. Please stop voting. Um, we've got Steve Hilton coming up, and when we come back, we'll get into the, uh, the polling, uh, for, for the governor's race. And Steve Hilton will be here right after Deborah's News.

[27:46] **Speaker C:** You're listening to John Cobalt on demand from KFI AM 640.

[27:54] **Speaker A:** John Cobalt Show, KFI AM 640. More stimulating talk radio. You can follow us at John Cobalt Radio, @JohnCobaltRadio, and we're live on YouTube. You subscribe and become a member by going to youtube.com/@JohnCobaltShow. And we have a live stream. I got to mention this again, there's a live stream tomorrow morning at 11 AM, just me, 11 AM tomorrow, the live stream. And, uh, this is, uh, uh, extra content for you, uh, as we're just a few days away from Election Day. So that, that's what we're going to be discussing, uh, now. Steve Hilton, will be here right after, uh, 4 o'clock. Steve Hilton is, uh, the leading candidate among Republicans for governor, leading overall in some polls. If he's not number one, he's number two behind Javier Bacarria. And, uh, the two of them have opened up, uh, a lead of— in the latest poll from Public Policy Institute, you got Becerra at 23, Hilton 20, and then Tom Steyer back at at 15%, not getting much of a return for his $200 million. And why do you think? Because the guy's a weirdo. Chad Bianco at 13. And once again, I, I, I— the Bianco crowd, do you— should not risk somehow, because again, you can't trust the polls. And if somehow we end up with Becerra and Steyer running for governor, this is gonna be a long, long year and a really bad, bad 4 years to follow. So, uh, if, uh, if he— it would be really smart to help out Hilton and give him some insurance, some, uh, cushion here, because Hilton and Bianco agree on just about everything. I'm not sure they differ. I, I, I, uh, maybe I'll ask Steve if I got the time. He's only gonna be in here for, uh, for half an hour. But what would be the difference anyway? I mean, if people— I do think Hilton has articulated a very detailed case of what's wrong with California by doing all that his Cal DOJ operation has uncovered, you know, so much fraud, and maybe that's what's given him the edge. And you know what, we got a lot of weenies here in California too. It could be that Chad Bianco being a tough sheriff is something that puts off some more middle-of-the-road people. Anyway, we'll get into the race with Hilton coming up in just a few minutes. The rest of the poll has— well, Bianco is 4th at 13, Steyer 15th, 3rd place. Bianco 14 at 13%. Uh, Mrs. Potato Head's down to 12. And, uh, geez, I, I can't, I can't find Antonio Viragosa. Oh, they don't even put him in the article anymore. It's not even in the story. I think I saw 7%. I believe in me, which would be pretty good. He was here the other night again. Yeah, I heard him on Conway Show, and he, he was, uh, he was looking for you. Oh yeah, no, he was.

[30:52] **Speaker D:** No, he thought somebody else was me, I heard. Didn't he think that Sharon Bellio was—

[30:56] **Speaker A:** he thought Sharon Bellio was So funny.

[30:59] **Speaker D:** He's just—

[31:00] **Speaker A:** where are the women at, guys? He, he thought— the last time we saw him, he thought you were my wife. Now he thinks Sharon Bellio is you. Yeah, which makes Sharon Bellio my wife, I guess, right? Yes, in his mind.

[31:09] **Speaker D:** Wow, you're a polygamist.

[31:11] **Speaker A:** And he did use the word partner. Partner? Yeah, that was the word he used. Oh, oh right, I'm just connecting it to the original thing. No, I know, but I'm just saying, I'm just saying, like, partner, that was the word he was using for spouse. Like, partner— you could have just said wife.

[31:27] **Speaker D:** Uh, yeah, unless he meant radio partner.

[31:32] **Speaker A:** Who knows what he meant? He didn't know what he meant. Maybe he's— maybe he's taking a trip to Bidenland. I don't know. I believe him. He could be on the bus. Oh, speaking of, uh, after, uh, we have Steve Hilton on, uh, we got to go through Jill Biden has got a book coming out, and so she's giving interviews, and she's on CBS News, and she also— there was a piece in The Atlantic. Now she's claiming that she thought Joe was having a stroke. Now, during the debate, the, you know, the first few minutes when he just completely flatlined against Trump And if you are thinking your husband's having a stroke, would you just sit back and let him continue the debate, or would you say stop the debate and let's get paramedics on him?

[32:34] **Speaker D:** Maybe she did. Maybe she did call 911.

[32:39] **Speaker A:** I can't believe— I assume she was sitting in the front row and, and, and she sees her husband and goes, oh my God, is he having a stroke? Well, then do something about it. Well, no, it's more important we beat Trump. If he's got to die fighting Trump, then he's going to die fighting for Trump. I don't know, that didn't seem to be a very protective wifely thing to do.

[33:01] **Speaker D:** I think maybe in her defense, at first she thought, wow, maybe he's having a stroke. And then she realized that it was just how he was talking.

[33:12] **Speaker A:** He's talking like a guy who's having a stroke.

[33:15] **Speaker D:** But maybe she's heard that before. So she understood that it was not anything out of the normal, although she did insist that he did such a great job.

[33:25] **Speaker A:** Yeah, right. Yeah, we're gonna play all those clips and we're gonna play all her contradict— because actually all the things that you and I said, she has said all of those things. She's taken all sides on this issue. So we'll do that. But first, Steve Hilton, right after Deborah's news. And Deborah Mark is live in the KFI 24-hour newsroom. You've been listening to the John Cobalt Show podcast. You can always hear the show live on KFI AM 640 from 3 to 6 8 PM every Monday through Friday, and of course anytime on demand on the iHeartRadio app. KFI AM 640.

[33:56] **Speaker C:** More stimulating talk.
