# Tom Brady is a Runway DIVA, Spencer Pratt is a (Potential) Mayor, and Inside the Film Industry's Strictest Festival | Tefi Talks

**Show:** Tefi Talks
**Date Published:** 2026-05-21
**Date Found:** 2026-05-21
**URL:** https://www.listennotes.com/e/fde945010b0c4453a01d1de79ec2fb07/
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 36 minutes

## Summary

This 36-minute episode of Tefi Talks mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Tefi Talks

## Key Moment

> "You know what they say, your net worth is your network. That's how my mom stopped me from hanging out with, like, losers. Wait, that's so weird. My mom just had a conversation with me about that this morning. Hanging out with losers? Yeah. Is it me? From The Cut and the Vox Media Podcast Network, this is Tefi Talks. Guys, last weekend I watched the Martin Short documentary on Netflix, and I have to say, if you are looking for a documentary that's full of heart and strife and joy, this is the documentary for you. And there's a lot of clips within the documentary that are like VHS pieces of Martin and his close personal friends. Maybe you've heard of them. Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Tom and Rita, Goldie and Kurt, the Spielbergs. And it shows, like, bits and pieces of them together for the holidays. For summers, they used to have a cabin called Snug Harbor. And it truly just fills my heart because at the end of the day, the witnesses to your life are not just your partners, but it is also your your platonic partners, your platonic soulmates, your friends. I have an advice column with The Cut called Ask Tefi, and every question I get is more or less, Tefi, I am so lonely, what do I do? And watching that documentary was like watching, being witness to a life that was a full life, a well-lived life, and a loved life. But there are so many scenes, we're in this cabin, and it's in the '90s, right? All of this footage. Tom Hanks' kids are laughing with Martin, and I'm watching, I'm watching his kids, and I'm like, that little blonde one running around, nobody knew that kid was gonna grow up to speak patois. Life is so crazy. Dan Levy and Chet Hanks are family friends. Like, you know that family friend that you're like, oh, that's my cousin? That's what Dan Levy and Chet Hanks were to each other. Life can take you so many places. From Snug Harbor to Schitt's Creek to Montego Bay. Is that not beautiful? Is that not beautiful, I ask? I yell, I scream, I exclaim. Whatever. Let's start the show. That's what Tom Hanks, every time he goes to one of Chet Hanks' rap shows, and he's like this, that's my boy. Oh, I love you, Thomas. Mm, you keep me young. If you're watching the show on YouTube, Let's take a moment to subscribe. I usually give you a Mississippi, but I'll give you two coffee sips. Not enough vodka in this one. I'm just kidding. I would never. Allegedly. Here at Tiffy Talks, we'd like to talk about showbiz, baby, because there's no business like business that isn't mine. This week we're going inside the Cannes Film Festival, but first, Let's get into some headlines. We start today with developing news out of our Du Moi bureau. Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet, along with Kendall Jenner and Jacob Elordi, all went to an NFL rookie party together. This comes after Kendall and Jacob were spotted at the Met Gala and grabbing coffee together in Los Angeles. People are so obsessed with these couples and how cool they think they are, but guys, at the end of the day, when I see people like Timothée Timothée Chalamet and Jacob Elordi, they are tried and true theater kids. I feel that these two kids always have, like, a spiritual fedora placed on their crown. I feel like there are some people in Hollywood, like Timothée and Jacob Elordi, that they're like if a witch turned two fedoras into a human being for a day. Do you know what I mean? You know? I also feel like at the table, when the four of them are together, it kind of reminds me of— influencer wars, I call them. Every time there's a big event with all influencers, I call it the Influencer Olympics. But sometimes one bears witness to influencer wars. And what that is, is two content creators standing across from each other and they're trying to find out who booked what and for how much. And I feel like Kylie, Timothée, Jacob, and Kendall are sitting at the table together and Kylie and Kendall are like giggling and Jacob is like, what have you auditioned for? And he's like, I don't know, what have you auditioned for? Or there's that new Pedro Almodóvar. And Timothée's like, "Yeah, I auditioned for that too." Or, "Did you get the callback for it?" And he's like, "Yeah, I had to let it go because I'm filming Guillermo's new." And Timothée's like, "Yeah, of course, of course, of course. I had to pass that for the new Martin Scorsese." That's what I imagine. And then when it's time for them to eat, they take a pause and they tip their fedoras at each other. They go— What do they say at the end of a duel? I think they say, "Here, here." Or, "No, he's dead. We killed Alexander Madison." Okay. Scott Vincent Borba. Tefiu is that? Well, I'm about to tell you. The 52-year-old founder of e.l.f. Cosmetics has decided to become a Catholic priest. Just let that sit for a second. Scott was an esthetician to A-listers before he co-founded e.l.f. Cosmetics in 2004. By 2014, e.l.f. reached $100 million in sales, and Scott's net worth is estimated to be around $3 billion. Dollars. But he says after years of partying with Paris Hilton and the Kardashians, which to me is hilarious that that is now like the epitome of success, he felt like he was empty. And then God called on him to give up his worldly possessions for charity. Now guys, if I can be frank, okay, Fuck it. If I can be tefy with you for a second, when I hear a woman becoming a nun, I think, "Oh my God, what happened?" You know, I've talked about it before. Some— there have been some times in my life where I'm so heartbroken, I go to church in the daytime on a Wednesday. But when I hear a man becoming a priest in his mid-50s, I have one question: what you do and who saw you do it? Scott says he's never been happier in his life. Than he is now. He lives in a small room with nothing in it, some few items of clothing, a couple pairs of shoes, and he's said to be ordained on Saturday. And no, I did not say arraigned. Small room, no shoes. That sounds like you're kind of preparing for prison, and I think there might be a reason for that. I'm not buying it, but imagine I said this to you. Okay, you and I, we're getting drinks and I go, "Oh, you know my cousin Craig, the one in his 50s, the billionaire, you remember him?" Yeah. Well, he made all that money and then one day he woke up and he decided he was going to commit his life to Jesus and he gave everything away and he's starting his priesthood. And for some reason, he sleeps with his hard drive taped to his chest every night. Where's that hard drive, Scott? Hmm. Whatever's on that hard drive, I want to see with my own eyes. Me in 2020: Scott, come on the podcast. Moving on, Gucci's Resort 2027 show was held in Times Square last weekend, and Tom Brady made his runway debut. What a time to be alive. If you haven't seen the footage, look for yourself. Honestly, I'm gonna say it, no notes, 10/10. That's a diva. I like that. I'm not mad at it. I'm okay with it. Maybe we shouldn't be surprised. In 2021, Gisele told The Wall Street Journal that Tom was a fashionista and that he, quote, loves clothes way more than I do. I'm sure you do, diva. I think if Tom Brady was ever exposed to theater as a young kid, I don't think he would have picked up a football. I think he always knew he was going to be a star. I think he picked up a football. I think that he knew that he was good at it, and that was a way that he could be the diva that he was born to be. And I want to say also, that's the nicest I'll ever be to a Republican ever again. Last episode was Candace Owens, today's Tom Brady. Nobody can ever say I wasn't fair, okay? Tom Brady, the Botox is toxing, the veneers are veneering, and the walk is walking. He's in leather in Times Square. I'm not gonna hate on him. I also want to shout out a friend of mine who walked the show, and I feel like all the time we talk about these, like, pop culture figures, these public figures, but not, like, true real icons that I refuse to not acknowledge a New York icon walk the show, Sophia Lamarre. She is a real-ass New York City icon. If you haven't looked her up, she is truly the diva on that runway. She's incredible. And if you don't know who she is, you better get familiar. You better start going outside. Oh, this next headline, guys. Every week it— I am in a similar life-chung and I'm looking up at the stars and I'm saying, "Unplug us and start over. The anthill that— I need the alien that has created this anthill to shake up the fucking thing, the frame, and let us start over again." As many are aware by now, king of hummingbirds Spencer Pratt is running for mayor of Los Angeles. Okay, so I know Spencer Pratt as a villain on The Hills, okay? He was basically the Joker of that friend group. And also kind of like the reason I moved to New York, not to be away from him, but because Whitney Port left The Hills to get a fashion PR job in New York. So then I moved to New York to get that same job. So if it wasn't for The Hills, I wouldn't even know there was a— what fashion PR really fucking was. I was watching it since I was like, what, 17? So I, I've known who Spencer Pratt is since I was about 17, and I'm like, what, like 22? So like a few years now. When Spencer wasn't on TV ruining Heidi's life, He was selling pictures of his celebrity friends to the paparazzi, the most famous of which were Mary-Kate Olsen and her boyfriend. And he told Page Six that he racked up close to six figures from the leaked images. One of the main issues that Spencer is campaigning on is the alleged mishandling of the Palisades fire by LA officials. In a viral campaign ad, Spencer claimed that he currently lives in an Airstream trailer after the Palisades fire burned down his home. If that wasn't enough, he also made an Instagram video prancing around— yes, prancing around the Airstream— to Sabrina Carpenter's house tour. Yep, that's a toilet. But then TMZ reported that Spencer and his family are actually staying at the Hotel Bel Air where rooms start at around $1,500 a night. Spencer joined TMZ Live— not CNN or KTLA, TMZ Live. I've yet to see Mamdani on there, yet to see Obama. But he went on TMZ Live to address the controversy, confirming he did stay at the hotel, calling it a temporary facility. Girls, do not let your boyfriend living with their mom tell you it's a temporary facility and that his mom is her roommate. I know you and I know us. Right now, polling shows that 28% of voters support Spencer for mayor. Okay, look, Zorhan started working on campaigns a decade ago and was a New York State Assembly member for 5 years before running for mayor. Okay? And I do feel that we let celebrities kind of skip the line when it comes to politics. But in order to skip the line, you have to be Arnold Schwarzenegger, not Spencer Pratt. We can trust the Terminator to govern California, and I think he did a pretty good job from what I recall. Okay, it's a little fuzzy. Britney Spears needed me during that era more than ever. But Spencer Pratt is not the Arnold Schwarzenegger of a generation. I would argue he's the Logan Paul. And Logan, I've never asked you for anything. Okay, I've asked you to leave Puerto Rico 500 times, whatever. But listen, we are living in the era of reality TV politicians. There are parallels to Spencer Perrette, like George Santos, Eric Adams, the president of the United States. And you know what? I find them massively entertaining. I think a debate between all these guys would be a great watch. Just put that on like VH1, not C-SPAN. And Logan Paul, I think you should moderate it. And I think that Prime should sponsor it and you should name it Politicians in Their Prime. That's funny, that's funny. I'll give you that one for free. Just don't say I'm affiliated with it in any way. However, all this controversy about Spencer and where he lives doesn't stop Katherine McPhee and David Foster, all-around weirdos, from hosting a fundraiser for Spencer at their home. And yes, they did serenade the crowd. In case you forgot, Katherine posted on her Instagram story in 2022 that she doesn't wear expensive jewelry when she goes out in Beverly Hills because of, quote, every single woke voter. Beverly Hills? I think the drug dealers in Beverly Hills are Republicans. What the fuck are you talking about? So everyone, I'm happy to announce, as a previous host for the reality show Merch Masters on MTV, I will be running for CEO of Vox Media. Jim Bankoff, I'll see you in the debate stage. I just think it's really weird that Spencer Pratt is running for office and his name isn't even on the files. Like, as a Republican, you're not going to win. Now, Naomi Campbell, landslide. This week at Cannes, a reporter asked Adam Driver for his response to Lena Dunham's portrayal of him in her new memoir. Adam responded, quote, I have no comment on any of that. I'm saving it all for my book. And that does not sound like a promise, but a threat. As a reminder, Lena claims in her book that there were days on Girls when Adam's intensity crossed a line for her, calling his behavior, quote, verbally aggressive and intimidating. Lena also claimed that during one difficult shoot, he screamed, spat, and threw a chair into a wall next to her. Okay. She also wrote that there was a sexual tension between them. I'm obsessed with her. I'm obsessed with her. That is so— uh, like, she— he throws a chair and she's like— she also wrote that there was a sexual tension between them, claiming that Adam hinted that they would spend the night together shortly before announcing he was engaged to his then-girlfriend. So I see how that would be really confusing. Perhaps that's his temporary residence. That's not funny. Lena says that they ended the show on good terms, with Adam telling her that it was, quote, "Just as it needed to be," and adding, "I hope you know I'll always love you." I really feel like I understand in some level that he would not be, like, my favorite person to work with. You know what I mean? Like, he also has that spiritual, emotional fedora. Like, him, Timothée, and Jacob Elordi, among others, are a fedora if a witch turned a fedora into a human for a day. Like, I do get that. Like, I can feel how he calls, like, acting his craft. Like, please, uh, take my craft seriously, you know what I mean? Like, he was in a theater camp taking Zip Zap really, really fucking seriously. Well, I did like his Burberry ad. In promo for Fame Sick, Lena has said she went back and forth on including the story but ultimately felt she owed readers and herself a truthful account of what the girls' environment was like. And speaking of Cannes, we'll be pulling back the curtain on France's strictest film festival, from luxurious suites to selfie bans. Girl, winter is so last season. And now spring's got you looking at pictures of tank tops with hungry eyes. Your algorithm is feeding you cutoffs. You're thirsty for the sun on your shoulders, that perfect hang-on-the-patio sundress, those sandals you can wear all day and all night. And you've had enough of shopping from your couch. Done hoping it looks anything like the picture when you tear open that envelope. It's time for a little in-person spring treat. It's time for a trip to Ross. Work your magic. Good sleep is everything. That's why Ollie's Science Back Support is made with a blend of melatonin and L-theanine for both kiddos and grown-ups. So when your mind won't switch off, you've got something that can help. Your racing thoughts and restless nights won't stand a chance. Find Ollie sleep solutions for the whole family at ollie.com. That's O-L-L-Y dot com."
> — Speaker B at 00:57
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:57] Speaker B: "You know what they say, your net worth is your network. That's how my mom stopped me from hanging out with, like, losers. Wait, that's so weird. My mom just had a conversation with me about that this morning. Hanging out with losers? Yeah. Is it me? From The Cut and the Vox Media Podcast Network, this is Tefi Talks. Guys, last weekend I watched the Martin Short documentary on Netflix, and I have to say, if you are looking for a documentary that's full of heart and strife and joy, this is the documentary for you. And there's a lot of clips within the documentary that are like VHS pieces of Martin and his close personal friends. Maybe you've heard of them. Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Tom and Rita, Goldie and Kurt, the Spielbergs. And it shows, like, bits and pieces of them together for the holidays. For summers, they used to have a cabin called Snug Harbor. And it truly just fills my heart because at the end of the day, the witnesses to your life are not just your partners, but it is also your your platonic partners, your platonic soulmates, your friends. I have an advice column with The Cut called Ask Tefi, and every question I get is more or less, Tefi, I am so lonely, what do I do? And watching that documentary was like watching, being witness to a life that was a full life, a well-lived life, and a loved life. But there are so many scenes, we're in this cabin, and it's in the '90s, right? All of this footage. Tom Hanks' kids are laughing with Martin, and I'm watching, I'm watching his kids, and I'm like, that little blonde one running around, nobody knew that kid was gonna grow up to speak patois. Life is so crazy. Dan Levy and Chet Hanks are family friends. Like, you know that family friend that you're like, oh, that's my cousin? That's what Dan Levy and Chet Hanks were to each other. Life can take you so many places. From Snug Harbor to Schitt's Creek to Montego Bay. Is that not beautiful? Is that not beautiful, I ask? I yell, I scream, I exclaim. Whatever. Let's start the show. That's what Tom Hanks, every time he goes to one of Chet Hanks' rap shows, and he's like this, that's my boy. Oh, I love you, Thomas. Mm, you keep me young. If you're watching the show on YouTube, Let's take a moment to subscribe. I usually give you a Mississippi, but I'll give you two coffee sips. Not enough vodka in this one. I'm just kidding. I would never. Allegedly. Here at Tiffy Talks, we'd like to talk about showbiz, baby, because there's no business like business that isn't mine. This week we're going inside the Cannes Film Festival, but first, Let's get into some headlines. We start today with developing news out of our Du Moi bureau. Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet, along with Kendall Jenner and Jacob Elordi, all went to an NFL rookie party together. This comes after Kendall and Jacob were spotted at the Met Gala and grabbing coffee together in Los Angeles. People are so obsessed with these couples and how cool they think they are, but guys, at the end of the day, when I see people like Timothée Timothée Chalamet and Jacob Elordi, they are tried and true theater kids. I feel that these two kids always have, like, a spiritual fedora placed on their crown. I feel like there are some people in Hollywood, like Timothée and Jacob Elordi, that they're like if a witch turned two fedoras into a human being for a day. Do you know what I mean? You know? I also feel like at the table, when the four of them are together, it kind of reminds me of— influencer wars, I call them. Every time there's a big event with all influencers, I call it the Influencer Olympics. But sometimes one bears witness to influencer wars. And what that is, is two content creators standing across from each other and they're trying to find out who booked what and for how much. And I feel like Kylie, Timothée, Jacob, and Kendall are sitting at the table together and Kylie and Kendall are like giggling and Jacob is like, what have you auditioned for? And he's like, I don't know, what have you auditioned for? Or there's that new Pedro Almodóvar. And Timothée's like, "Yeah, I auditioned for that too." Or, "Did you get the callback for it?" And he's like, "Yeah, I had to let it go because I'm filming Guillermo's new." And Timothée's like, "Yeah, of course, of course, of course. I had to pass that for the new Martin Scorsese." That's what I imagine. And then when it's time for them to eat, they take a pause and they tip their fedoras at each other. They go— What do they say at the end of a duel? I think they say, "Here, here." Or, "No, he's dead. We killed Alexander Madison." Okay. Scott Vincent Borba. Tefiu is that? Well, I'm about to tell you. The 52-year-old founder of e.l.f. Cosmetics has decided to become a Catholic priest. Just let that sit for a second. Scott was an esthetician to A-listers before he co-founded e.l.f. Cosmetics in 2004. By 2014, e.l.f. reached $100 million in sales, and Scott's net worth is estimated to be around $3 billion. Dollars. But he says after years of partying with Paris Hilton and the Kardashians, which to me is hilarious that that is now like the epitome of success, he felt like he was empty. And then God called on him to give up his worldly possessions for charity. Now guys, if I can be frank, okay, Fuck it. If I can be tefy with you for a second, when I hear a woman becoming a nun, I think, "Oh my God, what happened?" You know, I've talked about it before. Some— there have been some times in my life where I'm so heartbroken, I go to church in the daytime on a Wednesday. But when I hear a man becoming a priest in his mid-50s, I have one question: what you do and who saw you do it? Scott says he's never been happier in his life. Than he is now. He lives in a small room with nothing in it, some few items of clothing, a couple pairs of shoes, and he's said to be ordained on Saturday. And no, I did not say arraigned. Small room, no shoes. That sounds like you're kind of preparing for prison, and I think there might be a reason for that. I'm not buying it, but imagine I said this to you. Okay, you and I, we're getting drinks and I go, "Oh, you know my cousin Craig, the one in his 50s, the billionaire, you remember him?" Yeah. Well, he made all that money and then one day he woke up and he decided he was going to commit his life to Jesus and he gave everything away and he's starting his priesthood. And for some reason, he sleeps with his hard drive taped to his chest every night. Where's that hard drive, Scott? Hmm. Whatever's on that hard drive, I want to see with my own eyes. Me in 2020: Scott, come on the podcast. Moving on, Gucci's Resort 2027 show was held in Times Square last weekend, and Tom Brady made his runway debut. What a time to be alive. If you haven't seen the footage, look for yourself. Honestly, I'm gonna say it, no notes, 10/10. That's a diva. I like that. I'm not mad at it. I'm okay with it. Maybe we shouldn't be surprised. In 2021, Gisele told The Wall Street Journal that Tom was a fashionista and that he, quote, loves clothes way more than I do. I'm sure you do, diva. I think if Tom Brady was ever exposed to theater as a young kid, I don't think he would have picked up a football. I think he always knew he was going to be a star. I think he picked up a football. I think that he knew that he was good at it, and that was a way that he could be the diva that he was born to be. And I want to say also, that's the nicest I'll ever be to a Republican ever again. Last episode was Candace Owens, today's Tom Brady. Nobody can ever say I wasn't fair, okay? Tom Brady, the Botox is toxing, the veneers are veneering, and the walk is walking. He's in leather in Times Square. I'm not gonna hate on him. I also want to shout out a friend of mine who walked the show, and I feel like all the time we talk about these, like, pop culture figures, these public figures, but not, like, true real icons that I refuse to not acknowledge a New York icon walk the show, Sophia Lamarre. She is a real-ass New York City icon. If you haven't looked her up, she is truly the diva on that runway. She's incredible. And if you don't know who she is, you better get familiar. You better start going outside. Oh, this next headline, guys. Every week it— I am in a similar life-chung and I'm looking up at the stars and I'm saying, "Unplug us and start over. The anthill that— I need the alien that has created this anthill to shake up the fucking thing, the frame, and let us start over again." As many are aware by now, king of hummingbirds Spencer Pratt is running for mayor of Los Angeles. Okay, so I know Spencer Pratt as a villain on The Hills, okay? He was basically the Joker of that friend group. And also kind of like the reason I moved to New York, not to be away from him, but because Whitney Port left The Hills to get a fashion PR job in New York. So then I moved to New York to get that same job. So if it wasn't for The Hills, I wouldn't even know there was a— what fashion PR really fucking was. I was watching it since I was like, what, 17? So I, I've known who Spencer Pratt is since I was about 17, and I'm like, what, like 22? So like a few years now. When Spencer wasn't on TV ruining Heidi's life, He was selling pictures of his celebrity friends to the paparazzi, the most famous of which were Mary-Kate Olsen and her boyfriend. And he told Page Six that he racked up close to six figures from the leaked images. One of the main issues that Spencer is campaigning on is the alleged mishandling of the Palisades fire by LA officials. In a viral campaign ad, Spencer claimed that he currently lives in an Airstream trailer after the Palisades fire burned down his home. If that wasn't enough, he also made an Instagram video prancing around— yes, prancing around the Airstream— to Sabrina Carpenter's house tour. Yep, that's a toilet. But then TMZ reported that Spencer and his family are actually staying at the Hotel Bel Air where rooms start at around $1,500 a night. Spencer joined TMZ Live— not CNN or KTLA, TMZ Live. I've yet to see Mamdani on there, yet to see Obama. But he went on TMZ Live to address the controversy, confirming he did stay at the hotel, calling it a temporary facility. Girls, do not let your boyfriend living with their mom tell you it's a temporary facility and that his mom is her roommate. I know you and I know us. Right now, polling shows that 28% of voters support Spencer for mayor. Okay, look, Zorhan started working on campaigns a decade ago and was a New York State Assembly member for 5 years before running for mayor. Okay? And I do feel that we let celebrities kind of skip the line when it comes to politics. But in order to skip the line, you have to be Arnold Schwarzenegger, not Spencer Pratt. We can trust the Terminator to govern California, and I think he did a pretty good job from what I recall. Okay, it's a little fuzzy. Britney Spears needed me during that era more than ever. But Spencer Pratt is not the Arnold Schwarzenegger of a generation. I would argue he's the Logan Paul. And Logan, I've never asked you for anything. Okay, I've asked you to leave Puerto Rico 500 times, whatever. But listen, we are living in the era of reality TV politicians. There are parallels to Spencer Perrette, like George Santos, Eric Adams, the president of the United States. And you know what? I find them massively entertaining. I think a debate between all these guys would be a great watch. Just put that on like VH1, not C-SPAN. And Logan Paul, I think you should moderate it. And I think that Prime should sponsor it and you should name it Politicians in Their Prime. That's funny, that's funny. I'll give you that one for free. Just don't say I'm affiliated with it in any way. However, all this controversy about Spencer and where he lives doesn't stop Katherine McPhee and David Foster, all-around weirdos, from hosting a fundraiser for Spencer at their home. And yes, they did serenade the crowd. In case you forgot, Katherine posted on her Instagram story in 2022 that she doesn't wear expensive jewelry when she goes out in Beverly Hills because of, quote, every single woke voter. Beverly Hills? I think the drug dealers in Beverly Hills are Republicans. What the fuck are you talking about? So everyone, I'm happy to announce, as a previous host for the reality show Merch Masters on MTV, I will be running for CEO of Vox Media. Jim Bankoff, I'll see you in the debate stage. I just think it's really weird that Spencer Pratt is running for office and his name isn't even on the files. Like, as a Republican, you're not going to win. Now, Naomi Campbell, landslide. This week at Cannes, a reporter asked Adam Driver for his response to Lena Dunham's portrayal of him in her new memoir. Adam responded, quote, I have no comment on any of that. I'm saving it all for my book. And that does not sound like a promise, but a threat. As a reminder, Lena claims in her book that there were days on Girls when Adam's intensity crossed a line for her, calling his behavior, quote, verbally aggressive and intimidating. Lena also claimed that during one difficult shoot, he screamed, spat, and threw a chair into a wall next to her. Okay. She also wrote that there was a sexual tension between them. I'm obsessed with her. I'm obsessed with her. That is so— uh, like, she— he throws a chair and she's like— she also wrote that there was a sexual tension between them, claiming that Adam hinted that they would spend the night together shortly before announcing he was engaged to his then-girlfriend. So I see how that would be really confusing. Perhaps that's his temporary residence. That's not funny. Lena says that they ended the show on good terms, with Adam telling her that it was, quote, "Just as it needed to be," and adding, "I hope you know I'll always love you." I really feel like I understand in some level that he would not be, like, my favorite person to work with. You know what I mean? Like, he also has that spiritual, emotional fedora. Like, him, Timothée, and Jacob Elordi, among others, are a fedora if a witch turned a fedora into a human for a day. Like, I do get that. Like, I can feel how he calls, like, acting his craft. Like, please, uh, take my craft seriously, you know what I mean? Like, he was in a theater camp taking Zip Zap really, really fucking seriously. Well, I did like his Burberry ad. In promo for Fame Sick, Lena has said she went back and forth on including the story but ultimately felt she owed readers and herself a truthful account of what the girls' environment was like. And speaking of Cannes, we'll be pulling back the curtain on France's strictest film festival, from luxurious suites to selfie bans. Girl, winter is so last season. And now spring's got you looking at pictures of tank tops with hungry eyes. Your algorithm is feeding you cutoffs. You're thirsty for the sun on your shoulders, that perfect hang-on-the-patio sundress, those sandals you can wear all day and all night. And you've had enough of shopping from your couch. Done hoping it looks anything like the picture when you tear open that envelope. It's time for a little in-person spring treat. It's time for a trip to Ross. Work your magic. Good sleep is everything. That's why Ollie's Science Back Support is made with a blend of melatonin and L-theanine for both kiddos and grown-ups. So when your mind won't switch off, you've got something that can help. Your racing thoughts and restless nights won't stand a chance. Find Ollie sleep solutions for the whole family at ollie.com. That's O-L-L-Y dot com."

## Full Transcript

[00:01] **Speaker A:** This episode is brought to you by Prime. Obsession is in session, and this summer Prime Originals have everything you want. Steamy romances, irresistible love stories, and the book-to-screen favorites you've already read twice. Off Campus, Elle, Every Year After, The Love Hypothesis, Sterling Point, and more. Slow burns, second chances, chemistry you can feel through the screen. Your next obsession is waiting. Watch only on Prime. Ready to soundtrack your summer? With Red Bull Summer All Day Play, you choose a playlist that fits your summer vibe the best. Are you a festival fanatic? A deep-end DJ? A road dog? Or a trail mixer? Just add a song to your chosen playlist and put your summer on track. Red Bull Summer All Day Play. Red Bull gives you wings. Visit redbull.com/brightsummerahead to learn more. See you this summer.

[00:57] **Speaker B:** You know what they say, your net worth is your network. That's how my mom stopped me from hanging out with, like, losers. Wait, that's so weird. My mom just had a conversation with me about that this morning. Hanging out with losers? Yeah. Is it me? From The Cut and the Vox Media Podcast Network, this is Tefi Talks. Guys, last weekend I watched the Martin Short documentary on Netflix, and I have to say, if you are looking for a documentary that's full of heart and strife and joy, this is the documentary for you. And there's a lot of clips within the documentary that are like VHS pieces of Martin and his close personal friends. Maybe you've heard of them. Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Tom and Rita, Goldie and Kurt, the Spielbergs. And it shows, like, bits and pieces of them together for the holidays. For summers, they used to have a cabin called Snug Harbor. And it truly just fills my heart because at the end of the day, the witnesses to your life are not just your partners, but it is also your your platonic partners, your platonic soulmates, your friends. I have an advice column with The Cut called Ask Tefi, and every question I get is more or less, Tefi, I am so lonely, what do I do? And watching that documentary was like watching, being witness to a life that was a full life, a well-lived life, and a loved life. But there are so many scenes, we're in this cabin, and it's in the '90s, right? All of this footage. Tom Hanks' kids are laughing with Martin, and I'm watching, I'm watching his kids, and I'm like, that little blonde one running around, nobody knew that kid was gonna grow up to speak patois. Life is so crazy. Dan Levy and Chet Hanks are family friends. Like, you know that family friend that you're like, oh, that's my cousin? That's what Dan Levy and Chet Hanks were to each other. Life can take you so many places. From Snug Harbor to Schitt's Creek to Montego Bay. Is that not beautiful? Is that not beautiful, I ask? I yell, I scream, I exclaim. Whatever. Let's start the show. That's what Tom Hanks, every time he goes to one of Chet Hanks' rap shows, and he's like this, that's my boy. Oh, I love you, Thomas. Mm, you keep me young. If you're watching the show on YouTube, Let's take a moment to subscribe. I usually give you a Mississippi, but I'll give you two coffee sips. Not enough vodka in this one. I'm just kidding. I would never. Allegedly. Here at Tiffy Talks, we'd like to talk about showbiz, baby, because there's no business like business that isn't mine. This week we're going inside the Cannes Film Festival, but first, Let's get into some headlines. We start today with developing news out of our Du Moi bureau. Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet, along with Kendall Jenner and Jacob Elordi, all went to an NFL rookie party together. This comes after Kendall and Jacob were spotted at the Met Gala and grabbing coffee together in Los Angeles. People are so obsessed with these couples and how cool they think they are, but guys, at the end of the day, when I see people like Timothée Timothée Chalamet and Jacob Elordi, they are tried and true theater kids. I feel that these two kids always have, like, a spiritual fedora placed on their crown. I feel like there are some people in Hollywood, like Timothée and Jacob Elordi, that they're like if a witch turned two fedoras into a human being for a day. Do you know what I mean? You know? I also feel like at the table, when the four of them are together, it kind of reminds me of— influencer wars, I call them. Every time there's a big event with all influencers, I call it the Influencer Olympics. But sometimes one bears witness to influencer wars. And what that is, is two content creators standing across from each other and they're trying to find out who booked what and for how much. And I feel like Kylie, Timothée, Jacob, and Kendall are sitting at the table together and Kylie and Kendall are like giggling and Jacob is like, what have you auditioned for? And he's like, I don't know, what have you auditioned for? Or there's that new Pedro Almodóvar. And Timothée's like, "Yeah, I auditioned for that too." Or, "Did you get the callback for it?" And he's like, "Yeah, I had to let it go because I'm filming Guillermo's new." And Timothée's like, "Yeah, of course, of course, of course. I had to pass that for the new Martin Scorsese." That's what I imagine. And then when it's time for them to eat, they take a pause and they tip their fedoras at each other. They go— What do they say at the end of a duel? I think they say, "Here, here." Or, "No, he's dead. We killed Alexander Madison." Okay. Scott Vincent Borba. Tefiu is that? Well, I'm about to tell you. The 52-year-old founder of e.l.f. Cosmetics has decided to become a Catholic priest. Just let that sit for a second. Scott was an esthetician to A-listers before he co-founded e.l.f. Cosmetics in 2004. By 2014, e.l.f. reached $100 million in sales, and Scott's net worth is estimated to be around $3 billion. Dollars. But he says after years of partying with Paris Hilton and the Kardashians, which to me is hilarious that that is now like the epitome of success, he felt like he was empty. And then God called on him to give up his worldly possessions for charity. Now guys, if I can be frank, okay, Fuck it. If I can be tefy with you for a second, when I hear a woman becoming a nun, I think, "Oh my God, what happened?" You know, I've talked about it before. Some— there have been some times in my life where I'm so heartbroken, I go to church in the daytime on a Wednesday. But when I hear a man becoming a priest in his mid-50s, I have one question: what you do and who saw you do it? Scott says he's never been happier in his life. Than he is now. He lives in a small room with nothing in it, some few items of clothing, a couple pairs of shoes, and he's said to be ordained on Saturday. And no, I did not say arraigned. Small room, no shoes. That sounds like you're kind of preparing for prison, and I think there might be a reason for that. I'm not buying it, but imagine I said this to you. Okay, you and I, we're getting drinks and I go, "Oh, you know my cousin Craig, the one in his 50s, the billionaire, you remember him?" Yeah. Well, he made all that money and then one day he woke up and he decided he was going to commit his life to Jesus and he gave everything away and he's starting his priesthood. And for some reason, he sleeps with his hard drive taped to his chest every night. Where's that hard drive, Scott? Hmm. Whatever's on that hard drive, I want to see with my own eyes. Me in 2020: Scott, come on the podcast. Moving on, Gucci's Resort 2027 show was held in Times Square last weekend, and Tom Brady made his runway debut. What a time to be alive. If you haven't seen the footage, look for yourself. Honestly, I'm gonna say it, no notes, 10/10. That's a diva. I like that. I'm not mad at it. I'm okay with it. Maybe we shouldn't be surprised. In 2021, Gisele told The Wall Street Journal that Tom was a fashionista and that he, quote, loves clothes way more than I do. I'm sure you do, diva. I think if Tom Brady was ever exposed to theater as a young kid, I don't think he would have picked up a football. I think he always knew he was going to be a star. I think he picked up a football. I think that he knew that he was good at it, and that was a way that he could be the diva that he was born to be. And I want to say also, that's the nicest I'll ever be to a Republican ever again. Last episode was Candace Owens, today's Tom Brady. Nobody can ever say I wasn't fair, okay? Tom Brady, the Botox is toxing, the veneers are veneering, and the walk is walking. He's in leather in Times Square. I'm not gonna hate on him. I also want to shout out a friend of mine who walked the show, and I feel like all the time we talk about these, like, pop culture figures, these public figures, but not, like, true real icons that I refuse to not acknowledge a New York icon walk the show, Sophia Lamarre. She is a real-ass New York City icon. If you haven't looked her up, she is truly the diva on that runway. She's incredible. And if you don't know who she is, you better get familiar. You better start going outside. Oh, this next headline, guys. Every week it— I am in a similar life-chung and I'm looking up at the stars and I'm saying, "Unplug us and start over. The anthill that— I need the alien that has created this anthill to shake up the fucking thing, the frame, and let us start over again." As many are aware by now, king of hummingbirds Spencer Pratt is running for mayor of Los Angeles. Okay, so I know Spencer Pratt as a villain on The Hills, okay? He was basically the Joker of that friend group. And also kind of like the reason I moved to New York, not to be away from him, but because Whitney Port left The Hills to get a fashion PR job in New York. So then I moved to New York to get that same job. So if it wasn't for The Hills, I wouldn't even know there was a— what fashion PR really fucking was. I was watching it since I was like, what, 17? So I, I've known who Spencer Pratt is since I was about 17, and I'm like, what, like 22? So like a few years now. When Spencer wasn't on TV ruining Heidi's life, He was selling pictures of his celebrity friends to the paparazzi, the most famous of which were Mary-Kate Olsen and her boyfriend. And he told Page Six that he racked up close to six figures from the leaked images. One of the main issues that Spencer is campaigning on is the alleged mishandling of the Palisades fire by LA officials. In a viral campaign ad, Spencer claimed that he currently lives in an Airstream trailer after the Palisades fire burned down his home. If that wasn't enough, he also made an Instagram video prancing around— yes, prancing around the Airstream— to Sabrina Carpenter's house tour. Yep, that's a toilet. But then TMZ reported that Spencer and his family are actually staying at the Hotel Bel Air where rooms start at around $1,500 a night. Spencer joined TMZ Live— not CNN or KTLA, TMZ Live. I've yet to see Mamdani on there, yet to see Obama. But he went on TMZ Live to address the controversy, confirming he did stay at the hotel, calling it a temporary facility. Girls, do not let your boyfriend living with their mom tell you it's a temporary facility and that his mom is her roommate. I know you and I know us. Right now, polling shows that 28% of voters support Spencer for mayor. Okay, look, Zorhan started working on campaigns a decade ago and was a New York State Assembly member for 5 years before running for mayor. Okay? And I do feel that we let celebrities kind of skip the line when it comes to politics. But in order to skip the line, you have to be Arnold Schwarzenegger, not Spencer Pratt. We can trust the Terminator to govern California, and I think he did a pretty good job from what I recall. Okay, it's a little fuzzy. Britney Spears needed me during that era more than ever. But Spencer Pratt is not the Arnold Schwarzenegger of a generation. I would argue he's the Logan Paul. And Logan, I've never asked you for anything. Okay, I've asked you to leave Puerto Rico 500 times, whatever. But listen, we are living in the era of reality TV politicians. There are parallels to Spencer Perrette, like George Santos, Eric Adams, the president of the United States. And you know what? I find them massively entertaining. I think a debate between all these guys would be a great watch. Just put that on like VH1, not C-SPAN. And Logan Paul, I think you should moderate it. And I think that Prime should sponsor it and you should name it Politicians in Their Prime. That's funny, that's funny. I'll give you that one for free. Just don't say I'm affiliated with it in any way. However, all this controversy about Spencer and where he lives doesn't stop Katherine McPhee and David Foster, all-around weirdos, from hosting a fundraiser for Spencer at their home. And yes, they did serenade the crowd. In case you forgot, Katherine posted on her Instagram story in 2022 that she doesn't wear expensive jewelry when she goes out in Beverly Hills because of, quote, every single woke voter. Beverly Hills? I think the drug dealers in Beverly Hills are Republicans. What the fuck are you talking about? So everyone, I'm happy to announce, as a previous host for the reality show Merch Masters on MTV, I will be running for CEO of Vox Media. Jim Bankoff, I'll see you in the debate stage. I just think it's really weird that Spencer Pratt is running for office and his name isn't even on the files. Like, as a Republican, you're not going to win. Now, Naomi Campbell, landslide. This week at Cannes, a reporter asked Adam Driver for his response to Lena Dunham's portrayal of him in her new memoir. Adam responded, quote, I have no comment on any of that. I'm saving it all for my book. And that does not sound like a promise, but a threat. As a reminder, Lena claims in her book that there were days on Girls when Adam's intensity crossed a line for her, calling his behavior, quote, verbally aggressive and intimidating. Lena also claimed that during one difficult shoot, he screamed, spat, and threw a chair into a wall next to her. Okay. She also wrote that there was a sexual tension between them. I'm obsessed with her. I'm obsessed with her. That is so— uh, like, she— he throws a chair and she's like— she also wrote that there was a sexual tension between them, claiming that Adam hinted that they would spend the night together shortly before announcing he was engaged to his then-girlfriend. So I see how that would be really confusing. Perhaps that's his temporary residence. That's not funny. Lena says that they ended the show on good terms, with Adam telling her that it was, quote, "Just as it needed to be," and adding, "I hope you know I'll always love you." I really feel like I understand in some level that he would not be, like, my favorite person to work with. You know what I mean? Like, he also has that spiritual, emotional fedora. Like, him, Timothée, and Jacob Elordi, among others, are a fedora if a witch turned a fedora into a human for a day. Like, I do get that. Like, I can feel how he calls, like, acting his craft. Like, please, uh, take my craft seriously, you know what I mean? Like, he was in a theater camp taking Zip Zap really, really fucking seriously. Well, I did like his Burberry ad. In promo for Fame Sick, Lena has said she went back and forth on including the story but ultimately felt she owed readers and herself a truthful account of what the girls' environment was like. And speaking of Cannes, we'll be pulling back the curtain on France's strictest film festival, from luxurious suites to selfie bans. Girl, winter is so last season. And now spring's got you looking at pictures of tank tops with hungry eyes. Your algorithm is feeding you cutoffs. You're thirsty for the sun on your shoulders, that perfect hang-on-the-patio sundress, those sandals you can wear all day and all night. And you've had enough of shopping from your couch. Done hoping it looks anything like the picture when you tear open that envelope. It's time for a little in-person spring treat. It's time for a trip to Ross. Work your magic. Good sleep is everything. That's why Ollie's Science Back Support is made with a blend of melatonin and L-theanine for both kiddos and grown-ups. So when your mind won't switch off, you've got something that can help. Your racing thoughts and restless nights won't stand a chance. Find Ollie sleep solutions for the whole family at ollie.com. That's O-L-L-Y dot com.

[18:18] **Speaker A:** Plan B is a backup birth control option that's there for you when things don't go according to plan. It specifically works after unprotected sex and before pregnancy occurs by temporarily delaying ovulation. Plan B is available nationwide at all major retailers and through delivery apps like DoorDash. No ID, prescription, or age requirement. It's the number one OB-GYN recommended brand of emergency contraception, and it won't impact your future fertility. That's Freedom to Be. Use as directed.

[18:48] **Speaker C:** Pool days call for cookouts and lots of laundry. This Memorial Day at Lowe's, save $80 on a Char-Broil Performance Series 4-burner gas grill, now just $199. Plus, get up to 45% off select major appliances to keep dishes, clothes, and food fresh. Having fun in the sun is easy with us in your corner. Our best lineup is here at Lowe's. Valid through 5/27, while supplies last. Selection varies by location. See associate or Lowe's.com for details.

[19:23] **Speaker B:** The Cannes Film Festival is underway. Cannes is where fashion and movies meet to make one gorgeous chic blend, a smoothie if you will, a cocktail. There are moments at Cannes we can all remember very clearly, like Princess Diana wearing a blue chiffon Catherine Walker dress in 1987, literally gorgeous. Bella Hadid in 2021 with a massive Schiaparelli lung covering her boobs, and Barbara Palvin this year looking like a Disney princess showing off her baby bump on the red carpet, which my friend Mark styled, and it is Amazing. I'm very proud of you, Mark. But the red carpet hasn't been at Cannes forever. It only became a permanent thing in 1984. There are 24 steps up called les Montées des Marches, and the shade of red has been developed exclusively for Cannes. To maintain the integrity of the carpet up until 2021, they would roll out a brand new carpet 3 times a day. Now they've made it only once a day for environmental reasons. And whatever those are— whatever those are, please tell me. Today, the red carpet is a huge, huge fashion event. Huge, huge. Major fashion houses pull out all the stops to have a moment on the Cannes red carpet. A data company estimated that last year's Cannes generated over $1 billion worth of media exposure for fashion and luxury brands. That's more than New York, London, Milan, and Paris Fashion Weeks combined. 'Cause y'all are not inviting me to enough of these things. Look at me. What do you say? What do you think of when you see me? Starts with an F. No, not freak nasty bitch. Fashionista. Play some music. Something freaky. Okay. Okay. That's fine. And the crowd goes mild. That sheer impact is why brands pour money into dressing talent, throwing events, building immersive spaces around this festival. For example, Dior has set up a Dior Suite at Cannes this year. It is basically like a pregame glam locker room, and one of our writers is a boy, so. There is a treatment room for facials, a makeup room, a nail bar. It is literally the Bippity Boppity Boutique for celebrities. I would give both pinkies and both big toes to go to the Bippity Boppity Boutique in Disney today. Chanel also has a beauty suite at Le Majestic Hotel, and Chopard has an invite-only terrace at Martinez. Fun fact, because I love you, Chopard makes the Palme d'Or trophy, which is the highest award given at Cannes. Once you leave your luxury suite, the AP describes Cannes as having, quote, perhaps the most rigidly controlled red carpet in the world. Rigidly controlled? You try being a 15-year-old getting caught smoking a cigarette in your backyard one time. Azkaban. To start, Khan is militant about their dress code, as was Sunhill Elementary. They knew gold washed me out, and yet still— horrible. Go Phoenix! But the dress code did not stop Jerry Seinfeld from dressing up in a funny bee suit and flying down from an 8-story building to promote the Bee Movie in 2007. But I digress. Last year, just one day before the festival was set to start, they updated their dress code. The new dress code banned nudity and voluminous gowns, but not bees. Some rules, however, are made to be broken. In 2024, Bella Hadid wore a super sheer Saint Laurent dress that bordered on nudity, but she looked hot as fuck. But before Bella, there was Alona Stahler, adult film star. Activist, and ex-wife to art legend Jeff Koons. She wore a basically topless cutout dress in 1988, which was seen as a huge scandal at the time. If you're a dork and you hate titties— what? France hates titties now? I thought titties were born in France. And that's not all. There are also many unconfirmed reports on bans on flat shoes. In 2023, Jennifer Lawrence went viral for a Dior Couture gown with a pair of flip-flops. She later said she had no idea it was going to be controversial. And this wasn't the first time that women have worn flats on the red carpet. Sacre bleu! Kristen Stewart went further in 2018 and went on the red carpet with her Louboutins but took them off in the middle of the red carpet, walking up barefoot. Can you believe it? Hashtag unbelievables. Kristen said, quote, people get very mad at you if you don't wear heels, but you're not asking guys to wear heels and a dress. You can't ask me either, period, bitch. And that's not a quote, that's just what I want to say. Just a few days ago, she wore a Chanel dress with Converse and she looked sick. I can't— you can't make me. No, guys, I won't. Maybe I just Wear my Converse with my dress and baby, that's just tea. That's just me. Oh no, you can't remix anything. You can't remix it. Okay, whatever. Another rule that was added recently is a selfie ban. In 2018, Con director Thierry Farmer said, it's not beautiful, it's grotesque, it's ridiculous. We want to restore a bit of decency. But why did you keep inviting Harvey Weinstein? Hmm. On top of no selfies, Cannes said that no political statements or protests are allowed. But Cannes was not originally created as a neutral red carpet event. The founding of Cannes actually traces back to 1938 as a response to Hitler and Mussolini pressuring the Venice Film Festival into awarding a Nazi propaganda film. The first Cannes Film Festival was supposed to run in 1939, but Germany invaded Poland on the first day of the festival. Cannes actually began in 1946 after the war as a festival dedicated to film, art, and influence. So when Cannes says it wants politics to stay, quote, off the carpet, that's already complicated because art is inherently political. So the idea that you can separate the two, culture and politics, is ridiculous. And selfies are also art, and I know you agree, 'cause I remember that Kim K's selfie book sold out in 10 minutes. And why do I know that? 'Cause I tried to buy it. There are certainly unavoidable political moments. Last year, Robert De Niro used his Palme d'Or award to attack Donald Trump. Javier Bardem, Pedro Pascal, Joaquin Phoenix, and others signed an open letter condemning the film's industry silence about Gaza. And this year, Cannes has a long lineup of Iranian voices. So maybe Cannes will go back to its roots by standing on the right side of history, as long as you're not wearing flip-flops. Not feet-thongs! Ah! There are other wacky things that go down inside the theaters at Cannes. One of the weirdest traditions involves someone shouting "Raoul!" as the lights dim for press screenings in the Debussy Theatre. I am a child. This inside joke has gone on for decades and started with a journalist who yelled out for his colleague who hadn't arrived yet. Similar to a Miami tradition I've upheld on my shoulders is where I yell, "Emilio!" on Ocean Avenue. A night at the Roxbury callback on Taffy Talks. What can't she do, huh? As many know, Cannes is known for its standing ovations. Khan treats the standing ovation like a performance in itself, part of genuine emotion, but also part PR theater. In recent years, huge publications have started treating the length of the applause as a way to measure how good a movie is, right? So like you'll hear, oh, they only stood for 7 minutes. I haven't, I haven't done anything for 7 minutes in a very long time. Last year, Sentimental Value got a 19-minute standing ovation. The longest ever though was Guillermo del Toro's 2002 film Pan's Labyrinth, which got a 22-minute standing ovation. But where was that energy for Glitter with Mariah Carey? For the main competition, there's a 9-person jury chosen by the festival, usually a mix of directors, actors, writers, and artists from around the world, plus one president. This year, the conjury is South Korean filmmaker Park Chan-wook, presiding over a jury that includes Chloe Zhao, Stellan Skarsgård, Ruth Negga, Demi Moore, and others. And here's one piece of pop culture information that may gag you: Jacob Elordi turned down The Conjuring this year due to a foot injury that he is currently healing by paddleboarding in Hawaii with a Jenner. Who amongst us hasn't called out of work for a crush? Who amongst us? Reveal yourselves, liars. Fibs, fallacy, fantasy. Jurors watch basically 2 or 3 films a day for almost 2 weeks. I do that for free and nobody asked me my opinion. Then they debate and vote on who gets which award. Some of the buzzy movies of the year include Pedro Almodóvar's Bitter Christmas, Teenage Sex and Death at Camp Miasma starring Hannah Einbinder and Gillian Anderson, The Man I Love with Rami Malek and Paper Tigers starring Adam Driver, Scarlett Johansson, and Miles Teller. Cannes really is some of the last real glamour in the world. Let me say it again, glamour, you know? But sometimes I think like, ugh, I would've been so much chicer if I was French, you know what I mean? I'd be so chic, I'd be so cool. And then I read stuff like this, like the flip-flop bans and the this ban, and you can't do this, and da da da da. And I'm like, you know what? I'm happy that I'm from Miami. Some people get a Palm d'Or, and some people get in the club for free, flip-flops on, you know what I mean? And listen, if you saw me chug a blue Long Island in 2012 at set, you would've given me a standing O too. Yeah, honey. Yeah. You're talking to a real, real-life neighborhood hero, I think. Okay, first of all, I need everyone to picture this correctly. Close your eyes, trust me, take your wallet. No, I'm just kidding. Two very tall, very private, very— I will not be explaining myself— hot people quietly hanging out while the rest of us are Googling hantavirus bad. Yes, we are considering the signs today on Miss Kendall Jenner and Mr. Jacob Elordi. They haven't confirmed anything and probably never will because they hate me, but insiders say that they have been seeing each others for montheses. Kendall is a Scorpio and Jacob is a Cancer, and if you don't know astrology, all you really need to know is they are two water signs. Translation: feelings and fights and sexual intercourse, eye contact that lasts like a little too long, yearning. The bottom line is that emotionally, they speak the same language but have very different goals. In other words, these two are tops. Jacob's Pluto is in conjunction with Kendall's Venus and Mars, and a conjunction just means their planets are lined up astrologically, which adds a whole new layer to their relationship. Can I call it that yet, guys? Let me know. Blink twice. Blink, blink. So what does this mean? They do, like, get each other. They do laugh a lot together, and they They are very sexy together, which is cool, and I also think they probably share hoop earrings. I love that. Pluto rules things like obsession, power, transformation. Venus is love and attraction. Mars is passion, desire, war. So when someone's Pluto is in conjunction, in alignment, with your Venus and Mars, it's like two puzzle pieces that just fuck. Then, because we cannot have peace, there's another layer. Jacob's Venus, how one loves, is in Cancer, so is mine, and it is a jail cell that locks from the inside. Clink clink. So he wants closeness, emotional safety. Let's build a little world together, our own little ecosystem, our own language. But Kendall's Uranus is in Capricorn, which is the planet of— it's the planet of, I want to say, yes, independence, individuality, Knowing thyself, you know? So it's also unpredictability and don't box me in. So now we have created a tension, AKA I think this is a very deep intimate game of cat and mouse, and there's nothing more a Cancer man loves than being tall and tortured. All in all, I could not write a better summer fling for them. And what better way than to start in Hawaii on a paddleboard? Oh no, teen dreams. Oh no. Good for you. And now, can I be a bitch for a second? I just feel like the more I talk, which I haven't stopped since 1993, but I feel like the more I talk, the more I realize, oh no, everybody knows everything now. Everybody knows how to pronounce things. It all started when I moved from Miami to New York and people were like, What did you say? What milk? I go, almond milk. Almond. And people are like, hahaha. And then what do you call the orange fish that bears eat? Salmon. It's not salmon. Es salmón. It's salmon. And I know being an American citizen who has always, you know, been an American citizen, I know I sound like, how do you say cucumber? But this is my truth, okay? This is my truth. And as a Latina, I would never pretend to be a Spaniard. But then I go to this festival in the south of France with a very large company that has helped platform me in many ways. And I'm telling people, I love this. I, I love Connie's. I love Connie's. They go, who the fuck is Connie? I go, Connie, we're in Connie's. And you know what? That's on me. Google pronunciation is free. But then, you know, I'm talking to people about a business trip that I might have that I might go on, and like, I can't wait to see Seoul, South Korea. But this is what I'm getting at: you can't tell me to sound it out my whole life and then tell me it's not a pint of beer. Me on a fucking date, and the guy's like, um, oh, if you, if you, if you don't drink beer, don't order a beer. And I go, why would you say I don't drink beer? Well, Stefania, or ice cream for that matter. One time at Booby Trap in Miami, a girl was telling me about her dreams and I said, "Oh, do you wanna be a dental hygienist?" Now I'm the laughingstock and I have to tip extra 'cause I'm what? Embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. So what did we learn? I am voting pit bull for mayor. Armando. I tip my spiritual fedora to actors everywhere. And France is banning tits. Oui, oui, want tits. If you're not already following the show, find us everywhere at Tefi Talks. Subscribe on YouTube and all the podcast platforms and Instagram and TikTok so you can share with your other work bestie. We have a voicemail line for any and all work questions. Call 844-HEY-TEFI. That's 844-HEY-TEFI. 4-3-9-8-3-3-4. Our show is produced by Nishat Kirwa, Olive Martin, Branding McFarland, Manolo Moreno, Rishi Rajagopalan, and Kate McCullough. Special thanks to Brynn Cummins. Taffy Talks is produced by the Vox Media Podcast Network and The Cut. For a special discount on New York Magazine and The Cut, visit nymag.com/taffy.

[35:51] **Speaker C:** Did you know if your windows are bare, indoor temperatures can go up 20 degrees? Turn the temperature down with Blinds.com and get up to 50% off custom window treatments like solar roller shades and more during the Memorial Day Mega Sale. Whether you want to DIY it or have a pro handle everything, we've got you. Free samples, real design experts, and zero pressure. Just help when you need it. Shop up to 50% off site-wide and huge savings on doorbusters right now during the Memorial Day Mega Sale at Blinds.com. Rules and restrictions apply.
