# 6.30.26

**Show:** NYT
**Date Published:** 2026-06-30
**Date Found:** 2026-06-30
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/6-30-26--72757878?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 63 minutes

## Summary

This 63-minute episode of NYT mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, NYT

## Key Moment

> "The clash reflects increasing skepticism of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which has been willing to pursue President Trump's priorities. By Devlin Barrett, William K. Rashbaum, and Julian E. Barnes. The Trump administration is demanding that American intelligence officials turn over the names of all foreign espionage targets, including suspected spies and potential recruits to create a master list that some officials fear will be misused or compromise operations, according to people familiar with the matter. The effort by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence has intensified in recent months, frustrating counterparts at the FBI and CIA, who are skeptical of the claims that a master list is necessary to avoid inadvertent conflicts between agencies and to better track foreign intelligence threats in real time. "The office was established in the wake of the September 11 attacks to streamline coordination among the intelligence agencies. Senior counterintelligence officials at the FBI and the CIA have so far resisted those demands," the people familiar with the matter said, "and the effort has been mostly unsuccessful. Officials still cannot agree on the most basic details, including how a list of what are known as foreign intelligence threat actors would be created, maintained, and kept secure, the people said. The clash also reflects the strained relationship between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the FBI and CIA after the former director, Tulsi Gabbard, pursued the president's priorities, including slashing the office's workforce and scrutinizing allegations of election fraud based on flimsy or unfounded claims. With Bill Pulte, a housing official who has no prior intelligence experience, serving as acting director, officials are increasingly wary of how the office might handle such secrets. For the FBI, such a master list of espionage targets would include those the bureau wants to investigate and perhaps someday arrest. For the CIA, it would include a significant number of potential assets. Some current and former intelligence officials fear that assembling identifying details about some of the most sensitive cases may fatally compromise long-running intelligence investigations and operations. The identities of those targets are carefully protected secrets, walled off from most personnel even inside their own agencies. Asked for comment, an FBI spokesman said the bureau was working with other intelligence agencies to open the books for the American people in historic ways, part of what he characterized as a broader push for transparency under its director, Kash Patel. The CIA declined to comment. An official from Mr. Pulte's office, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that it was simply following a directive President Trump had issued in his first term, National Security Presidential Memorandum No. 7. "The effort to oversee collaboration and information sharing," the official said, "is mandated by the law that created the office and will improve intelligence work." The government's definition of foreign intelligence threat actors is deliberately broad and includes far more than just traditional spies and intelligence service officers from foreign countries. The term usually also encompasses international criminal groups, hackers, or foreign corporations and entities, and some of the internal disagreements —on which people should or should not be on such a master list. Proponents of the plan envision something similar to a watch list for terrorist suspects, one that would allow the U.S. to track their locations around the world in real time by having a host of other agencies sharing information constantly and flagging travel and other movements. To veteran spy hunters, the practical realities of such a program could greatly increase the risk of tipping off the people under investigation. Particularly for those who are trained by foreign intelligence services to notice signs of surveillance or investigative interest, according to current and former officials. Another hurdle is that some of the relevant information has been obtained under the authority of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and that information is tightly restricted and not meant to be shared. Trump administration officials have interpreted National Security Presidential Memorandum Number 7 to mean that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence should have full access to some of the most sensitive counterintelligence targeting. Under the directive, Mr. Trump ordered federal agencies to lawfully identify, integrate, and make available thorough, accurate, and timely national security threat actor information. The memorandum also instructs agency chiefs to maintain and make available evaluated national security threat actor information within relevant secure systems. But concerns about how the Office of the Director of National Intelligence might handle such information have only mounted now that it is being led by Mr. Pulte, a Trump loyalist who has shown a willingness to please the president. Mr. Trump has signaled that he wants the agency to aggressively pursue his unfounded claims of fraud in the 2020 election that he lost and has encouraged his administration to investigate election results— that he does not like, such as in the California primary earlier this month. To date, the disagreement has played out behind closed doors as officials spar over how much, if at all, to submit to the demands, these people said. Former officials said the effort under Ms. Gabbard was part of a push to exercise oversight over the various parts of the sprawling intelligence community. The reluctance by the FBI and CIA, former officials said, showed their longstanding rejection of attempts to oversee their covert or secret programs. Some officials said they hoped Mr. Pulte would abandon the effort. The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled How AI is Changing the Way Politicians Run for Office. AI-generated images are the public face of this election overhaul. Behind the scenes, campaigns are using the technology to analyze voter data Craft Campaign Materials and Write Custom Messages by Stuart A. Thompson. On a recent afternoon, Alex Bond was standing outside his home in York, Pennsylvania, ticking off the political issues of greatest concern to him. After gas prices and taxes, he named data centers, the massive warehouses that consume enormous amounts of energy to make artificial intelligence function. "AI is terrible," said Mr. Bond, a 29-year-old account manager at a company that provides ankle monitors. And it's probably going to kill us all. He was speaking with a pair of political canvassers sent to Pennsylvania's competitive 10th Congressional District at the recommendation of Janelle Stelzen, the Democratic candidate, as part of an old-fashioned door-knocking operation. What Mr. Bond didn't realize was that his comments would soon be processed inside one of those very AI centers. After their chat ended, one of the canvassers, who was volunteering with Swing Left, a Democratic political group, recapped what Mr. Bond said into a phone app. That memo was then analyzed by an AI tool alongside hundreds of other memos from similar door knockers happening around the district. The AI tool synthesized what voters like Mr. Bond were saying, feeding reports that the campaign could use to tailor its messages and turn persuadable voters like him into supporters. Everything a person is saying is a data point, said Violet Cox, one of the canvassers and Swing Left's organizing program manager for the East Coast. Republican and Democratic candidates and strategists who were once wary of AI tools or overwhelmed by them are now rushing to give their campaigns an AI upgrade. Those who do so could reap the rewards in the midterm elections in November and, ultimately, in the 2028 presidential campaign. Those who don't could fall far behind. But this seismic shift in how politicians run for office is also being met by pushback on multiple fronts, including from voters and campaign staffers who feel distrustful of AI and fearful about its potential to wipe out jobs, devour energy, and harm the planet. Polls show that Democrats are more leery of AI tools than Republicans, and progressive strategists have wrestled with how to deploy the tools in their campaigns without rattling volunteers or unionized staffers who are worried about losing their jobs. Republican strategists have said they get fewer complaints from staffers, though conservative voters still tend to feel concerned about AI. Political candidates are caught in the middle, more eager than ever to reap the benefits of AI while staying out of the political muck over its many costs. "It's a political liability," said Eric Wilson, a Republican strategist and the director of the Center for Campaign Innovation. A nonprofit focused on encouraging conservative campaigns to adopt new technology. If voters don't like AI, they don't want to know that their candidate's campaign is using AI to do stuff like draft emails or create press release or edit videos. So you're just not going to see people bragging about it, but it is happening. AI-generated videos and images are the public face of this overhaul. Spencer Pratt, a Republican who ran for mayor of Los Angeles in this month's primary, boosted his profile with help from AI-generated content that mocked his opponents and created dystopian images of Los Angeles. He ultimately lost his bid. Behind the scenes, though, campaign managers and consultants have rapidly embedded AI into nearly every tool to analyze voter data, craft campaign materials, and write custom messages to microsegments of the electorate."
> — Speaker B at 33:28
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [33:28] Speaker B: "The clash reflects increasing skepticism of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which has been willing to pursue President Trump's priorities. By Devlin Barrett, William K. Rashbaum, and Julian E. Barnes. The Trump administration is demanding that American intelligence officials turn over the names of all foreign espionage targets, including suspected spies and potential recruits to create a master list that some officials fear will be misused or compromise operations, according to people familiar with the matter. The effort by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence has intensified in recent months, frustrating counterparts at the FBI and CIA, who are skeptical of the claims that a master list is necessary to avoid inadvertent conflicts between agencies and to better track foreign intelligence threats in real time. "The office was established in the wake of the September 11 attacks to streamline coordination among the intelligence agencies. Senior counterintelligence officials at the FBI and the CIA have so far resisted those demands," the people familiar with the matter said, "and the effort has been mostly unsuccessful. Officials still cannot agree on the most basic details, including how a list of what are known as foreign intelligence threat actors would be created, maintained, and kept secure, the people said. The clash also reflects the strained relationship between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the FBI and CIA after the former director, Tulsi Gabbard, pursued the president's priorities, including slashing the office's workforce and scrutinizing allegations of election fraud based on flimsy or unfounded claims. With Bill Pulte, a housing official who has no prior intelligence experience, serving as acting director, officials are increasingly wary of how the office might handle such secrets. For the FBI, such a master list of espionage targets would include those the bureau wants to investigate and perhaps someday arrest. For the CIA, it would include a significant number of potential assets. Some current and former intelligence officials fear that assembling identifying details about some of the most sensitive cases may fatally compromise long-running intelligence investigations and operations. The identities of those targets are carefully protected secrets, walled off from most personnel even inside their own agencies. Asked for comment, an FBI spokesman said the bureau was working with other intelligence agencies to open the books for the American people in historic ways, part of what he characterized as a broader push for transparency under its director, Kash Patel. The CIA declined to comment. An official from Mr. Pulte's office, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that it was simply following a directive President Trump had issued in his first term, National Security Presidential Memorandum No. 7. "The effort to oversee collaboration and information sharing," the official said, "is mandated by the law that created the office and will improve intelligence work." The government's definition of foreign intelligence threat actors is deliberately broad and includes far more than just traditional spies and intelligence service officers from foreign countries. The term usually also encompasses international criminal groups, hackers, or foreign corporations and entities, and some of the internal disagreements —on which people should or should not be on such a master list. Proponents of the plan envision something similar to a watch list for terrorist suspects, one that would allow the U.S. to track their locations around the world in real time by having a host of other agencies sharing information constantly and flagging travel and other movements. To veteran spy hunters, the practical realities of such a program could greatly increase the risk of tipping off the people under investigation. Particularly for those who are trained by foreign intelligence services to notice signs of surveillance or investigative interest, according to current and former officials. Another hurdle is that some of the relevant information has been obtained under the authority of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and that information is tightly restricted and not meant to be shared. Trump administration officials have interpreted National Security Presidential Memorandum Number 7 to mean that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence should have full access to some of the most sensitive counterintelligence targeting. Under the directive, Mr. Trump ordered federal agencies to lawfully identify, integrate, and make available thorough, accurate, and timely national security threat actor information. The memorandum also instructs agency chiefs to maintain and make available evaluated national security threat actor information within relevant secure systems. But concerns about how the Office of the Director of National Intelligence might handle such information have only mounted now that it is being led by Mr. Pulte, a Trump loyalist who has shown a willingness to please the president. Mr. Trump has signaled that he wants the agency to aggressively pursue his unfounded claims of fraud in the 2020 election that he lost and has encouraged his administration to investigate election results— that he does not like, such as in the California primary earlier this month. To date, the disagreement has played out behind closed doors as officials spar over how much, if at all, to submit to the demands, these people said. Former officials said the effort under Ms. Gabbard was part of a push to exercise oversight over the various parts of the sprawling intelligence community. The reluctance by the FBI and CIA, former officials said, showed their longstanding rejection of attempts to oversee their covert or secret programs. Some officials said they hoped Mr. Pulte would abandon the effort. The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled How AI is Changing the Way Politicians Run for Office. AI-generated images are the public face of this election overhaul. Behind the scenes, campaigns are using the technology to analyze voter data Craft Campaign Materials and Write Custom Messages by Stuart A. Thompson. On a recent afternoon, Alex Bond was standing outside his home in York, Pennsylvania, ticking off the political issues of greatest concern to him. After gas prices and taxes, he named data centers, the massive warehouses that consume enormous amounts of energy to make artificial intelligence function. "AI is terrible," said Mr. Bond, a 29-year-old account manager at a company that provides ankle monitors. And it's probably going to kill us all. He was speaking with a pair of political canvassers sent to Pennsylvania's competitive 10th Congressional District at the recommendation of Janelle Stelzen, the Democratic candidate, as part of an old-fashioned door-knocking operation. What Mr. Bond didn't realize was that his comments would soon be processed inside one of those very AI centers. After their chat ended, one of the canvassers, who was volunteering with Swing Left, a Democratic political group, recapped what Mr. Bond said into a phone app. That memo was then analyzed by an AI tool alongside hundreds of other memos from similar door knockers happening around the district. The AI tool synthesized what voters like Mr. Bond were saying, feeding reports that the campaign could use to tailor its messages and turn persuadable voters like him into supporters. Everything a person is saying is a data point, said Violet Cox, one of the canvassers and Swing Left's organizing program manager for the East Coast. Republican and Democratic candidates and strategists who were once wary of AI tools or overwhelmed by them are now rushing to give their campaigns an AI upgrade. Those who do so could reap the rewards in the midterm elections in November and, ultimately, in the 2028 presidential campaign. Those who don't could fall far behind. But this seismic shift in how politicians run for office is also being met by pushback on multiple fronts, including from voters and campaign staffers who feel distrustful of AI and fearful about its potential to wipe out jobs, devour energy, and harm the planet. Polls show that Democrats are more leery of AI tools than Republicans, and progressive strategists have wrestled with how to deploy the tools in their campaigns without rattling volunteers or unionized staffers who are worried about losing their jobs. Republican strategists have said they get fewer complaints from staffers, though conservative voters still tend to feel concerned about AI. Political candidates are caught in the middle, more eager than ever to reap the benefits of AI while staying out of the political muck over its many costs. "It's a political liability," said Eric Wilson, a Republican strategist and the director of the Center for Campaign Innovation. A nonprofit focused on encouraging conservative campaigns to adopt new technology. If voters don't like AI, they don't want to know that their candidate's campaign is using AI to do stuff like draft emails or create press release or edit videos. So you're just not going to see people bragging about it, but it is happening. AI-generated videos and images are the public face of this overhaul. Spencer Pratt, a Republican who ran for mayor of Los Angeles in this month's primary, boosted his profile with help from AI-generated content that mocked his opponents and created dystopian images of Los Angeles. He ultimately lost his bid. Behind the scenes, though, campaign managers and consultants have rapidly embedded AI into nearly every tool to analyze voter data, craft campaign materials, and write custom messages to microsegments of the electorate."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Whether it's slots or live dealers, SpinQuest.com has the fun and action you're looking for with SpinQuest exclusives, blackjack, roulette, baccarat, and even live dice with craps and bubble craps. The games never stop so you don't have to. And right now, new users get $30 coin packs for just $10. Play now at SpinQuest.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details.

[00:30] **Speaker B:** Welcome to the reading of the New York Times for Tuesday, June 30th, 2026. As a reminder, Radio Eye is a reading service intended for people who are blind or have other disabilities that make it difficult to read printed material. Your reader for today is Julie Shaw. We'll start today's reading with the Merriam-Webster Word of the Day. The Word of the Day is bereft. It is an adjective. What it means is to be bereft is to be deprived of or robbed of something, or to lack something that you need, want, or expect. Bereft is also used as a synonym of bereaved. The example given is: They appear to be completely bereft of new ideas. Now we will read the front page headlines from today's edition. We begin with: Justices Expand Trump's Powers to Fire Officials. Next, volunteers are risking their lives to stop Ebola. They aren't always welcome. Next, inside intelligence agencies, a fight over building a master list of spies. Next, how AI is changing the way politicians run for office. Next, Supreme Court upholds Mississippi late-arriving mail-in ballot law. And last, Supreme Court lets $5 million sex abuse verdict against Trump stand. The first article from the front page of today's edition is entitled, Justices Expand Trump's Power to Fire Officials. In twin rulings, the Supreme Court affirmed the Fed's independence and said its leaders could not be fired at will, but said President Trump could fire other independent regulators for any reason, by Anne E. Maramao. In a major expansion of presidential authority, the Supreme Court cleared the way on Monday for President Trump to fire independent government regulators despite federal laws meant to protect their jobs. But the justices carved out an exception for the Federal Reserve, preventing the president from immediately removing one governor, Lisa D. Cook, from the powerful central bank. The court's 6-3 ruling to broadly allow the firings, with the 3 liberal justices dissenting, represented a significant shift in power from Congress to the president and could drastically change the federal government structure by giving the president more control over independent agencies. The case tested whether Mr. Trump could oust Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, a Democratic member of the Federal Trade Commission, simply because she did not align with his agenda, despite a law that says the president can remove commissioners only for inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office. But the decision has implications for more than two dozen agencies, including those charged with protecting consumers, workers, the environment, and nuclear safety. That have traditionally been insulated from presidential control. In a social media post, Mr. Trump celebrated what he called a "big win," adding that it was a historic and unprecedented ruling, one of the most important ever given with respect to presidential powers. In a separate decision, however, the court voted 5-4 to block the president from ousting Ms. Cook. While the ruling decided a narrow procedural question, the majority opinion pointed to the uniquely independent nature of the central bank. Former top Fed and Treasury officials and Ms. Cook's legal team had warned the Supreme Court that allowing Mr. Trump to remove her while litigation was underway would spur economic turmoil and undermine the longstanding autonomy of the central bank. Unlike with other regulators, Mr. Trump had accepted that a president could only fire Fed governors for cause. He had accused Ms. Cook of engaging in mortgage fraud and said he could dismiss her on those grounds. The justices, however, found that Ms. Cook had not been given an opportunity to refute those unproven allegations. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., who wrote the majority opinions in both cases on Monday, rejected what he described as the administration's half-hearted contention that Ms. Cook had received a fair or due process when the president posted about her removal on social media. "That will not do," wrote the chief justice, who was joined by Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh and the three liberal justices. At minimum, Cook was entitled to some explanation of the evidence at issue, some avenue for a response. Ms. Cook said in a statement Monday that the president's move to fire her was an attempt to remove me on a manufactured pretext because I refused to bow to political pressure and continued to set interest rates based only on what would best serve the American people. But the court's ruling in her favor was limited. The justices allowed her to remain on the job while permitting Mr. Trump to continue to seek her removal as long as Ms. Cook had an opportunity to respond to the charges against her. At that point, courts could assess the validity and sufficiency of such charges, the Chief Justice wrote. The president vowed in a social media post to press ahead with his efforts to oust Ms. Cook. The court distinguished between what it called the unique role of the Federal Reserve and other types of government agencies, where the court's majority said the president needed the flexibility to remove officials whose views did not align with the administration's. In the FTC case, the justices cast aside a 90-year precedent that had prevented presidents from removing independent regulators without cause and solely over policy disagreements. A majority of the justices have long been sympathetic to the argument the Trump administration was making that the Constitution vests all executive power in the president, and that he or she must be able to control everything the executive branch does. Even before Mr. Trump returned to the White House, the Supreme Court's conservative majority had chipped away at Congress's power to restrain a president's authority to remove some independent regulators, finding that some laws restricting the president from ousting independent officials without cause were unconstitutional. Several justices had for years said that they were eager to overturn the 1935 precedent, Humphrey's Executor v. United States that has protected independent agencies. That case also involved the FTC. In Ms. Slaughter's case at the FTC, the longstanding project of the conservative legal movement to overturn the precedent merged with Mr. Trump's desire to oust officials from across the government. In the court's decision on Monday, the Chief Justice said that neither Congress nor the courts may saddle the president with executive branch officials with whom he cannot work. The majority said the modern FTC has accumulated powers that the Constitution reserved for the president under some 80 statutes, including the enforcement of rules against private parties and the collection of billions of dollars in civil penalties. "The commission Ms. Slaughter was appointed to unquestionably exercises executive power and must therefore be controlled by the chief executive," the chief justice wrote, saying that it follows the president was entitled to cut her tenure short. The Court's decision left open questions about employment protections that apply to members of the civil service and judges on courts housed in the executive branch. Justice Sonia Sotomayor read a lengthy summary of her dissent from the bench, warning that the Court's decision would unleash chaos: Independent agencies will be transformed in ways that those who created them never could have expected and actively sought to avoid. Fundamentally recalibrating the balance of power in this country in the process, she wrote, joined by Justices Elena Kagan and Ketanji Brown Jackson. As a result of the court's decision, she added, the president would have far greater power to influence independent agencies charged with overseeing vast areas of American life, including the safety of workplaces and consumer products. "It is a power, however, that neither the people nor Congress nor the Constitution bestowed upon him," Justice Sotomayor wrote across nearly 50 pages. "In granting the president this unbridled authority, the court upends its precedent, misconstrues our history, and sheds any pretense of judicial modesty." In a statement, Ms. Slaughter said independent agencies like the FTC were created to act as watchdogs of powerful corporations without interference by the president. "Today's ruling makes it possible for presidents to fire watchdogs who won't put politics over principle and replace them with lapdogs," Slaughter said. "It's a recipe for corruption. Working families will pay the price." The decision in Ms. Slaughter's case was also forecast in a series of temporary emergency orders the court issued last year. In the orders, the conservative majority signaled a willingness to overrule the precedent and declared the laws shielding agency heads from presidential ouster were unconstitutional. In addition to the FTC, the court permitted the president to oust for the time being the Democratic leaders of the National Labor Relations Board, the Merit Systems Protection Board, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission to make way for replacements who share his policy priorities. The FTC, which was created in 1914, protects consumers from deceptive practices and abuse by monopolies, regulating matters ranging from credit cards to horse racing. Like other independent agencies, it was designed by Congress to be shielded from politics. It is led by 5 commissioners who serve staggered 7-year terms. No more than 3 of them can be members of the same party. Ms. Slaughter, first nominated by Mr. Trump in 2018, was re-nominated by President Joseph R. Biden Jr. in 2023 and unanimously confirmed by the Senate to a term that expires in 2029. Mr. Trump dismissed her in March 2025 in an email that said her service was inconsistent with my administration's priority. She then sued.

[10:45] **Speaker A:** Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now, all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on FinQuest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slots slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps, head on over to spinquest.com. Get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[11:16] **Speaker C:** When you're a maintenance engineer in a beverage manufacturing plant, you keep production lines moving and quality on track because there's no room for slowdowns. With Grainger's vast selection of high-quality motors, sensors, belts, and hard-to-find parts. You can get what you need fast and all in one place, so nothing gets in the way of getting the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click granger.com, or just stop by. Granger, for the ones who get it done.

[11:46] **Speaker B:** The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled Volunteers Are Risking Their Lives to Stop Ebola. They Aren't Always Welcome. Frontline Congolese workers who conduct safe burials are key to containing what experts fear could become the worst-ever Ebola outbreak. They risk not just infection but the anger of terrified communities by Declan Walsh. It is accompanied by a photograph with 5 men wearing protective clothing including rubber boots, hospital scrubs, gloves on their hands, face masks, goggles, and head coverings. As they carry a coffin away from a building. In an instant, the funeral erupted into chaos. Furious mourners threw punches and stones, breaking car windows and chasing after the Red Cross workers they accused of bringing Ebola to their town. In the melee, Ramazani Bakwandela, age 61, a Red Cross volunteer, dove into the bushes Only a few weeks earlier, he had been selling bottles of gasoline for $1 from his roadside stall. Now, he was at the hard edge of efforts to contain the surging Ebola outbreak scything through his corner of the Democratic Republic of Congo, and he feared it was going to cost him his life. "I thought I was dead," he said. But Mr. Bokwandela, who had raised 15 children and escaped bouts of conflict here in northeastern Congo, knew a thing about improvising. Plucking a snail from a leaf, he used its shell as a razor and sliced off the sleeves of his Red Cross tunic, he said, casting away its famous emblem. Then he snatched a clump of plants to disguise himself as a farmer and stole away from the fighting. His fellow Red Cross volunteers were not so fortunate. Four of them were hospitalized after being badly beaten at the funeral. Yet, 3 days later, Mr. Bokwandela was back at work, risking his life to ensure the kind of safe burials that are so pivotal to containing the virus. "I'm on the front line against this disease," he said, wearing a new Red Cross tunic. "That's my duty." Volunteers like Mr. Bokwandela are the ordinary heroes of Congo's Ebola outbreak. More than a month into the crisis, the chronic shortages of even the most basic supplies that blighted the early response are starting to ease. International aid is beginning to flow into Congo with plane loads of protective gear and disease specialists trying their best to save lives. But attending to the sick is not the same as containing the epidemic. Outside the hospitals, the virus continues to rage in communities gripped by fear, confusion, and at times denial. There, far from medical help, the outbreak expands virtually unimpeded, —leading some experts to fear that this will become the world's worst Ebola outbreak ever. Frontline Congolese workers like Mr. Bokwandela and his fellow Red Cross volunteers hold the key to pushing it back. Few jobs are as difficult or dangerous. A month ago, they were farmers, taxi drivers, tailors, or gold miners. Now they form close-knit teams that plunge into places seared by Ebola, navigating not only the threat of a virus that has neither an approved vaccine nor treatment, but also the trauma of fellow Congolese who often see them as the cause of their ills. Their task is a gruesome one: to help break the chain of transmission by retrieving the highly infectious bodies of Ebola victims and burying them safely. It's one of the riskiest jobs in the entire response, said Dr. Chikwe Ihekwezu, the head of the World Health Organization's emergency response unit. Even with the scaled-up effort, the Ebola response still has major gaps. Severe cuts in American aid battered Congo's health system, leaving it badly weakened before the outbreak struck. And despite more than 1,200 cases and 300 deaths confirmed, nobody knows the true scale of the outbreak or how far it has spread. What is urgently needed are ground-level efforts to follow the path of the disease and stop it from spreading even further, tasks that will largely be carried out by a small cadre of determined Congolese, often from modest backgrounds. "I'm doing it for myself, my family, and my community," said Mr. Bokwandela, who lives down a muddy street in a two-room shack with no electricity. "There is no treatment," he added. "The treatment is us." Days after the turbulent funeral, Raphaël Oulangy lounged on a plastic chair at the cramped Red Cross compound down a rocky street in Bunai, the capital of Ituri province in the heart of the outbreak. Tall and soft-spoken, Mr. Alain G., age 64, a divorced father of 4, normally makes a living as a trader, buying plastic goods in the capital Kinshasa and selling them 1,100 miles east in Bunai. Now he leads one of the 8 Red Cross teams that do the crucial work of handling the dead. His crew was drawn from across Congolese society, Isaac O'Kaley, age 27, was a former gold miner and a lifelong musician, a one-time choirboy who now sang gospel, rumba, and afrobeats. Dorcas Lanoue, age 33, sold medicine and raised two teenage daughters. Mr. Bokwandela, the gasoline peddler, had fled the city back in 2003 during a wave of violence, spending 9 years in a camp with his family before returning. "We lost everything," he said. Around them, the once sleepy compound bustled with a frantic energy. Red Cross officials from Geneva ran training sessions. Trucks arrived with crates of protective equipment. Vehicles jostled for space in the small yard. Workers took everyone's temperature at the gate, checking fevers that could indicate who had been infected. Papa Rafael, as the team called him, exuded a calm assurance. A volunteer for 10 years, he had trained for Ebola during a previous outbreak between 2018 and 2020. This new one did not faze him. As he handled the dead, "I tell myself that I am killing the virus," he said. "I'm not afraid of it." Even so, the rest of the team seemed shaken. Since the cemetery attack, spurred by fears that health workers were causing, not preventing, infections, one Red Cross volunteer had quit and two others had been airlifted to Kinshasa for urgent treatment of their injuries. On their phones, those who remained showed graphic photos of what their colleagues had endured. One showed a volunteer named Deduane Walingi in the back of a vehicle smeared in blood. One of his eyes had been beaten shut. The other was wide with terror. During an Ebola outbreak, the dead can be more dangerous than the living. The body of a victim teems with the virus, and just brushing against it can bring infection.. But in Congo, people often honor the dead by touching or kissing their bodies. In an outbreak, that can turn a funeral into a superspreader event. About 100 Red Cross volunteers in Uturi, divided into 8 teams, work with others to make sure that it does not happen. Using protective equipment and extreme caution, they retrieve Ebola victims and all other deaths from hospitals and homes disinfect the remains, put them in heavy-duty body bags, and place them in the ground. Rallying after the attack, Mr. Olangi's 10-person team squeezed into a pair of trucks and headed back into the fray, driving to a hospital in Ebola-hit district where Samuel Baseke was waiting. The day before, Mr. Baseke's younger brother David, age 23, had been admitted with signs of serious illness. 5 hours later, he died. Ebola can snatch lives so quickly, especially once it reaches an advanced stage, that many patients die soon after getting to the hospital, deepening suspicions that medical workers are somehow responsible. "We are stunned," said Mr. Beseke, age 46, who works for a Congolese intelligence body. Mr. Beseke knew that Ebola was to blame. What worried him now was that the 8 relatives who cared for David in his final days, including himself, might also be exposed. The Red Cross team helped Mr. Besseke into a protective suit and led him to an enclosure to identify his brother's body. An empty coffin sparkling with disinfectant in the sunlight stood open. Mr. Olangi, wearing a red mask and rubber gloves, resembled an orchestra conductor as he guided his team through the choreography of Ebola, waving his hands to ensure everyone followed procedure. Walking in single file, spraying the body with chlorine, unzipping the body bag, always moving slowly and deliberately. As the body bag was placed into the coffin, cries rang out among relatives who had gathered behind a barrier 50 feet away. Some clutched their heads in anguish. Mr. Bacecki's younger sister fainted, crumbling to the grass. A Red Cross pickup, its rear window shattered in the cemetery fracas days earlier, pulled up and the volunteers heaved the coffin into its bed The hospital gates swung open and the pickup led a cortege of motorbikes to a cemetery where Mr. Basseke was buried peacefully. Apart from hospital workers, few others in the Ebola response work in such constant proximity to the virus, separated from it by only a few layers of rubber and plastic. The volunteers say they trust in their protective gear, their training, and their God. Even that is not enough for nervous family members. Every evening, Ms. Lhonu is greeted by a bucket of water left outside her back door by her daughters. "They want me to wash," she said. "They say they're afraid I'm going to die young." Mr. Alangi reassures jumpy relatives with photos of his protective gear. "Don't worry," he says he tells them. "Hold my hand." Within the team, such perilous work forges a deep camaraderie, he said. "We watch out for one another." They all know that a single slip—a torn suit, a bungled routine—could be fatal. "I won't lie to you, I can be afraid," said Mr. Okele, the musician who has one of the most dangerous jobs. Using a swab, he reaches into mouths of suspected Ebola victims to take a sample for testing. "I work carefully with my heart," he said. In those moments, he often thinks of his siblings back home. "one mistake and I take the virus back to them," he said. "Fear keeps me alert." This outbreak hit the Red Cross before anyone knew it was happening. In March, 3 of its volunteers in Mongwalu, a gold mining town 50 miles north of Bunai, carried out a regular burial with minimal protection. Weeks later, they had all fallen ill, and by mid-May, when the outbreak was officially declared, they were dead. Experts now believe the outbreak originated in Mwangbalu, where it circulated undetected for months. The town has suffered the greatest number of deaths. When I got there in the second week of the outbreak with Arlette Bazishi, a photographer for the New York Times, we found the Red Cross team in crisis. Protective equipment was alarmingly scarce. Workers had borrowed an ambulance from the main hospital to transport the dead, and in between funerals, they dried out their rubber gloves by perching them on sticks in the sun. The volunteers, who included farmers, gold miners, and teachers, said they had been hastily trained to deal with Ebola only a week earlier. On top of that, they were bearing the brunt of a wave of public anxiety and anger. Townspeople either denied Ebola was real or turned to conspiracy theories to explain its existence. Some turned on the Red Cross, threatening its volunteers during funerals and pelting them with stones. Rumors coursed through town accusing the volunteers of stealing the bodies or harvesting organs to somehow get rich. "People say I'm making money from death," said Jean Bosco Nanga, a farmer. In truth, the volunteers could barely afford food and water. When I met the team leader, Dieu Merci Unege, he was carrying a small bag of cookies to carry him through the day. "It sustains me," he said. "The teams are not formally paid, but members will receive a daily stipend of about $25 during the outbreak," said Bruno Michon, the Red Cross operations manager for this outbreak. For some skeptical residents, that proves Red Cross workers are fanning the crisis in order to get paid. Ugh, I have had no luck lately.

[24:48] **Speaker A:** Wait, Lady Luck? Britski, I got you. I've had so much luck on spinquest.com. They have all of my favorite games slot games, live blackjack, craps, and bubble craps. You can even get a $30 coin pack for just $10. $10 for 30? I'm headed over to spinquest.com right now. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[25:15] **Speaker C:** When you're a maintenance engineer in a beverage manufacturing plant, you keep production lines moving and quality quality on track because there's no room for slowdowns. With Grainger's vast selection of high-quality motors, sensors, belts, and hard-to-find parts, you can get what you need fast and all in one place, so nothing gets in the way of getting the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[25:45] **Speaker B:** It's too dumb, said Daniel Kowiro, a volunteer at the Red Cross base. 'If I was earning that kind of money, would I have walked to get here?' An extraordinary esprit de corps seemed to keep them going. Later that morning, a group of volunteers launched into an a cappella chorus inside their shabby base, clicking their fingers as they waited for the next burial. The acute shortages are abating somewhat. In Bongwalu, Doctors Without Borders is running a 66-bed Ebola center with another 65-bed facility under construction, and the World Food Programme is feeding health workers. Testing is expanding, with 9 labs across the Ebola zone. By June 25th, the Red Cross had carried out 480 safe burials. In Ituri, Mr. Michon said teams from the Congolese government and an American aid group, FHI 360, also carried out safe burials. But big gaps remain. The outbreak caused by the rare Bundibujo virus is still growing in the same hotspots as before, and some experts worry that the neighboring province of North Kivu is next. Moreover, basics are still lacking. Over the weekend, Red Cross volunteers in Mongolo said they briefly had to stop burials because protective equipment had run out again. Even when it is available, volunteers said they don't have enough vehicles to handle multiple burials at once, so grieving families sometimes perform risky ceremonies on their own. All the while, the volunteers are grappling with their own tragedies. Mr. Onega, the Red Cross leader, said his father died in recent days, only hours after reaching the hospital. Yet the family struggled to buy a coffin because prices have become so exorbitant. More than 75 medical workers have been infected by the virus, and they are coming under attack too. On June 10th, an Ebola patient brandished a gun and a machete against a doctor trying to treat him, aid workers said. But nothing matched the violence on June 1st when the team suffered the assault at a cemetery in Bunagwa. At first, the funeral went smoothly. The dead man, Patti Manea, was mourned at the graveside by members of the Kimbanguist Church, a group with millions of adherents in Congo, and by guards from the security company where he was a supervisor. As the Red Cross volunteers prepared to lower Mr. Minea into his grave, a security guard demanded to open his coffin, apparently believing that the volunteers had caused or faked his death. The team refused to comply, fearing a public health disaster. "We came to stop the disease, not to spread it," Mr. Kiwiro recalled saying. The clamor intensified. A mourner pried open the lid but could only see Mr. Manea's church uniform, which had been laid on top of his body bag. Mistakenly assuming there was no body inside, he issued an incendiary cry, "The coffin is empty!" The frenzy that followed was captured in videos confirmed by The Times. In one, a Red Cross worker flees across the graveyard pursued by mourners. In another, Mr. Walingi dives into a truck for safety only to be beaten by a man in a security uniform. A photo shows Mr. Manea's body bag ripped open, exposing his infected body. "So much raw hostility is dispiriting," said Mr. O'Kaley, the musician. He had once considered quitting until his mother encouraged him to keep going. But experts warn the outbreak could last a year, and eventually he feels the volunteers will be vindicated. 'Even if the community doesn't understand me today,' he said, 'one day they will.' A few days after diving into the bushes to escape the assault, Mr. Bokwandela sat on a rock outside his home in a rundown Boonai neighborhood, readying for work. At 61, his family was still expanding. Beside him, his wife Josephine breastfed their youngest, Clarice, age 1. "The eldest of his 15 children is 38," he said with a smile. A Red Cross volunteer of 20 years, he was philosophical about the risks of the job. "Death can come in many ways," he said, citing his Muslim faith. "None of us can escape it." The team soon drove to Nayankunde, a one-time mission station where an American, Dr. Peter Stafford, had been infected in the early days of the outbreak. Having been evacuated to Germany, Dr. Stafford had just been discharged after weeks of experimental treatment, said Dr. Charles Kashindi, the director of the 150-bed hospital where the American worked. But the village where he got Ebola was still battling the tide of illness and death. The Red Cross team came for Sarah Andoa, age 29, a mother of 4 who had just died. Ebola was decimating her family. She had arrived 4 days earlier with her husband, John, and 2 other relatives. All 4 had been caring for her mother-in-law, who had died weeks earlier. They rushed to Nyankunde after hearing that Samaritan's Purse, an American aid group, had built a new treatment center there, a relative said, but they were mistaken. The center was still under construction. Mr. Olangi and his team emerged from the Ebola ward with Ms. Andoa's body men puffed and strained as they carried her coffin to their battered truck. At the cemetery, they met a familiar face: Mr. Baseki, the intelligence agent whose brother they had buried days earlier, now paying his respects to Mrs. Endoa. "She was my next-door neighbor," he said. The team buried her at the end of the row of fresh graves near her mother-in-law. Female mourners stood in the long grass slapping their thighs as they wailed. A pastor wearing rubber gloves offered hymns and words of consolation. "Jesus is here with us," he sang. Ms. Aiondoa's children, Johnson, age 11, Johanna, age 10, and the twins, Jaden and Janice, age 4, looked on bewildered. Over the next week, her husband John and two other relatives also died, leaving the children without parents. As Ms. Aiondoa's coffin lurched into the grave, cemetery workers moved forward to seal it. Mourners picked themselves up off the ground, handling around small bottles of hand sanitizer. The Red Cross team slipped quietly into their truck and pulled away, waiting for the next call. The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled "Inside Intelligence Agencies: A Fight Over Building a Master List of Spies." Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday.

[32:33] **Speaker A:** Now, all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on SpinQuest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to SpinQuest.com. Get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited.

[32:56] **Speaker C:** Visit SpinQuest.com for more details. Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, You're not managing one building, you're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail? Filters ready to clog? HVAC on its last leg? If you wait until something breaks, you're already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger. For the ones who get it done.

[33:28] **Speaker B:** The clash reflects increasing skepticism of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which has been willing to pursue President Trump's priorities. By Devlin Barrett, William K. Rashbaum, and Julian E. Barnes. The Trump administration is demanding that American intelligence officials turn over the names of all foreign espionage targets, including suspected spies and potential recruits to create a master list that some officials fear will be misused or compromise operations, according to people familiar with the matter. The effort by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence has intensified in recent months, frustrating counterparts at the FBI and CIA, who are skeptical of the claims that a master list is necessary to avoid inadvertent conflicts between agencies and to better track foreign intelligence threats in real time. "The office was established in the wake of the September 11 attacks to streamline coordination among the intelligence agencies. Senior counterintelligence officials at the FBI and the CIA have so far resisted those demands," the people familiar with the matter said, "and the effort has been mostly unsuccessful. Officials still cannot agree on the most basic details, including how a list of what are known as foreign intelligence threat actors would be created, maintained, and kept secure, the people said. The clash also reflects the strained relationship between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the FBI and CIA after the former director, Tulsi Gabbard, pursued the president's priorities, including slashing the office's workforce and scrutinizing allegations of election fraud based on flimsy or unfounded claims. With Bill Pulte, a housing official who has no prior intelligence experience, serving as acting director, officials are increasingly wary of how the office might handle such secrets. For the FBI, such a master list of espionage targets would include those the bureau wants to investigate and perhaps someday arrest. For the CIA, it would include a significant number of potential assets. Some current and former intelligence officials fear that assembling identifying details about some of the most sensitive cases may fatally compromise long-running intelligence investigations and operations. The identities of those targets are carefully protected secrets, walled off from most personnel even inside their own agencies. Asked for comment, an FBI spokesman said the bureau was working with other intelligence agencies to open the books for the American people in historic ways, part of what he characterized as a broader push for transparency under its director, Kash Patel. The CIA declined to comment. An official from Mr. Pulte's office, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that it was simply following a directive President Trump had issued in his first term, National Security Presidential Memorandum No. 7. "The effort to oversee collaboration and information sharing," the official said, "is mandated by the law that created the office and will improve intelligence work." The government's definition of foreign intelligence threat actors is deliberately broad and includes far more than just traditional spies and intelligence service officers from foreign countries. The term usually also encompasses international criminal groups, hackers, or foreign corporations and entities, and some of the internal disagreements —on which people should or should not be on such a master list. Proponents of the plan envision something similar to a watch list for terrorist suspects, one that would allow the U.S. to track their locations around the world in real time by having a host of other agencies sharing information constantly and flagging travel and other movements. To veteran spy hunters, the practical realities of such a program could greatly increase the risk of tipping off the people under investigation. Particularly for those who are trained by foreign intelligence services to notice signs of surveillance or investigative interest, according to current and former officials. Another hurdle is that some of the relevant information has been obtained under the authority of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and that information is tightly restricted and not meant to be shared. Trump administration officials have interpreted National Security Presidential Memorandum Number 7 to mean that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence should have full access to some of the most sensitive counterintelligence targeting. Under the directive, Mr. Trump ordered federal agencies to lawfully identify, integrate, and make available thorough, accurate, and timely national security threat actor information. The memorandum also instructs agency chiefs to maintain and make available evaluated national security threat actor information within relevant secure systems. But concerns about how the Office of the Director of National Intelligence might handle such information have only mounted now that it is being led by Mr. Pulte, a Trump loyalist who has shown a willingness to please the president. Mr. Trump has signaled that he wants the agency to aggressively pursue his unfounded claims of fraud in the 2020 election that he lost and has encouraged his administration to investigate election results— that he does not like, such as in the California primary earlier this month. To date, the disagreement has played out behind closed doors as officials spar over how much, if at all, to submit to the demands, these people said. Former officials said the effort under Ms. Gabbard was part of a push to exercise oversight over the various parts of the sprawling intelligence community. The reluctance by the FBI and CIA, former officials said, showed their longstanding rejection of attempts to oversee their covert or secret programs. Some officials said they hoped Mr. Pulte would abandon the effort. The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled How AI is Changing the Way Politicians Run for Office. AI-generated images are the public face of this election overhaul. Behind the scenes, campaigns are using the technology to analyze voter data Craft Campaign Materials and Write Custom Messages by Stuart A. Thompson. On a recent afternoon, Alex Bond was standing outside his home in York, Pennsylvania, ticking off the political issues of greatest concern to him. After gas prices and taxes, he named data centers, the massive warehouses that consume enormous amounts of energy to make artificial intelligence function. "AI is terrible," said Mr. Bond, a 29-year-old account manager at a company that provides ankle monitors. And it's probably going to kill us all. He was speaking with a pair of political canvassers sent to Pennsylvania's competitive 10th Congressional District at the recommendation of Janelle Stelzen, the Democratic candidate, as part of an old-fashioned door-knocking operation. What Mr. Bond didn't realize was that his comments would soon be processed inside one of those very AI centers. After their chat ended, one of the canvassers, who was volunteering with Swing Left, a Democratic political group, recapped what Mr. Bond said into a phone app. That memo was then analyzed by an AI tool alongside hundreds of other memos from similar door knockers happening around the district. The AI tool synthesized what voters like Mr. Bond were saying, feeding reports that the campaign could use to tailor its messages and turn persuadable voters like him into supporters. Everything a person is saying is a data point, said Violet Cox, one of the canvassers and Swing Left's organizing program manager for the East Coast. Republican and Democratic candidates and strategists who were once wary of AI tools or overwhelmed by them are now rushing to give their campaigns an AI upgrade. Those who do so could reap the rewards in the midterm elections in November and, ultimately, in the 2028 presidential campaign. Those who don't could fall far behind. But this seismic shift in how politicians run for office is also being met by pushback on multiple fronts, including from voters and campaign staffers who feel distrustful of AI and fearful about its potential to wipe out jobs, devour energy, and harm the planet. Polls show that Democrats are more leery of AI tools than Republicans, and progressive strategists have wrestled with how to deploy the tools in their campaigns without rattling volunteers or unionized staffers who are worried about losing their jobs. Republican strategists have said they get fewer complaints from staffers, though conservative voters still tend to feel concerned about AI. Political candidates are caught in the middle, more eager than ever to reap the benefits of AI while staying out of the political muck over its many costs. "It's a political liability," said Eric Wilson, a Republican strategist and the director of the Center for Campaign Innovation. A nonprofit focused on encouraging conservative campaigns to adopt new technology. If voters don't like AI, they don't want to know that their candidate's campaign is using AI to do stuff like draft emails or create press release or edit videos. So you're just not going to see people bragging about it, but it is happening. AI-generated videos and images are the public face of this overhaul. Spencer Pratt, a Republican who ran for mayor of Los Angeles in this month's primary, boosted his profile with help from AI-generated content that mocked his opponents and created dystopian images of Los Angeles. He ultimately lost his bid. Behind the scenes, though, campaign managers and consultants have rapidly embedded AI into nearly every tool to analyze voter data, craft campaign materials, and write custom messages to microsegments of the electorate.

[43:43] **Speaker A:** Hanging out at the pool is great. Relaxing and playing Vegas-style games on my phone at the time. Drink in one hand and a blackjack in the other. It's all at SpinQuest. Over 1,000 games, including your favorite slots and table games. Be cool with this summer special. New players get $30 coin packs for 10 at spinquest.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details.

[44:14] **Speaker C:** Granger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building. You're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail, filters ready to clog, HVAC on its last leg. If you wait until something breaks, you're already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.

[44:44] **Speaker B:** A new survey published by the technology and political newsletter Anchor Change showed that 87% of campaigners and strategists are using AI daily as part of their work. The tools are the focus of monthly conference calls by one progressive nonprofit, drawing hundreds of attendees who swap tips on using AI to improve campaign operations or write targeted messages. Opposition researchers are likewise tapping AI to sift through campaign finance data and uncover potentially damaging storylines. American Bridge 21st Century, a Democratic-aligned group, has used AI to help investigate about 250 Republican candidates and politicians and credits the technology for helping it dig into 17 Republicans in the House who are in relatively safe districts. "AI is surfacing flags to humans, who vet the projects, expand on them, and get them out the door," said Pat Dennis, the president of American Bridge. AI is a top priority for Kate Gage, the executive director of the Higher Ground Institute, a progressive incubator that pushes progressive groups to adopt new technology. Basically, my whole life right now is figuring out how to get campaigns to identify what the use cases are, she said. Ms. Gage's group plays host to hundreds of strategists each month during digital AI open mics, where they swap tips on how to overhaul old-fashioned campaign strategies with an AI twist. That burst of interest has fed an online database featuring nearly 100 distinct AI tools for writing campaign messages or managing voter data. One idea describes turning a policy brief into a week's worth of social media posts using ChatGPT and other AI tools. Ms. Gage said the tools have revolutionized political organizing, giving campaigns the ability to conduct more sophisticated research more quickly. We've had a lot of unstructured information and data, but we haven't been able to analyze it. Her work is part of an outreach campaign to ensure candidates, strategists, and party officials to use AI in ways that will transform campaigns. The midterms are the best testing grounds, AI advocates say, letting campaigns create the upgrades that will ultimately get the next president elected. "The campaign for Saket Chakrabarti, who ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination in California's 11th Congressional District, replaced nearly all the tools it would normally have paid for—from canvassing apps to phone banking software—with its own versions of AI tools coded by just 3 staffers." The push hasn't always gone smoothly. One progressive group said it has fielded angry emails over how AI is intruding into campaigns. Those concerns could slow the adoption of AI among Democratic campaigns while Republican campaigns rush forward, giving one party an edge in razor-thin contests. "I think it's a strategic error on their part," said Mr. Wilson, the director of the Center for Campaign Innovation. "Whereas Republicans are saying, 'Okay, how can we use this to help us win and give us an advantage?'" Like Ms. Gage, Mr. Wilson trains political operatives on how to adopt AI. "The Republican Party has rushed to embed AI into nearly everything," Mr. Wilson said, "tending to rely more on private companies backed by significant funding rather than the nonprofit model preferred by Democrats." The parties have also taken different approaches to the technology itself. In a blog post about AI ethics, Mr. Wilson wrote that creating AI-generated videos of an opponent is acceptable so long as they reflect what the candidate actually said. By contrast, a course on AI offered by the National Democratic Training Committee said campaigners should never create such content because it undermines democratic discourse and voter trust. Mr. Wilson acknowledged that the push to include AI has made some strategists uncomfortable but said that the technology was too valuable to ignore. "I'll be giving a talk and someone will say, 'You know, what about the morality of it?'" he said. And that's a fine debate to have, but we're trying to win elections. The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled "Supreme Court Upholds Mississippi Late-Arriving Mail-In Ballot Law." The justices had been asked to examine the legality of the state's grace period for late-arriving mail-in ballots. By Abby VanSickle. The Supreme Court on Monday upheld Mississippi's grace period for late-arriving mail-in ballots rejecting a push by the Trump administration to invalidate a state law. The ruling means Mississippi's law, which allows election officials to count ballots postmarked by Election Day and received up to 5 business days later, will remain in place at least through midterm elections. In a 5-4 vote, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Amy Coney Barrett joined the court's 3 liberals in supporting the state law. The majority found that nothing in federal statutes required ballots to be received by Election Day. Although the decision focused on a challenge to Mississippi's law, the ruling appeared to leave in place similar laws in at least 18 other states and territories, including 2026 battleground districts in Nevada and California, in a blow to Republican efforts to roll back mail-in balloting. It is also a defeat for President Trump, who has long criticized voting by mail, falsely claiming that the practice is open to fraud and helped lead to his defeat in the 2020 presidential election. On social media, Mr. Trump called the ruling a tremendous loss. He used the court's decision to push Congress to pass his priority voting legislation known as the Save American Act, saying it was more important than ever for lawmakers to act. The contentious measure would put in place restrictions on mail-in ballots and add new voter identification requirements. The state law at issue was adopted by Mississippi's Republican-led legislature during the pandemic, but the Republican National Committee and Mississippi's state GOP later challenged the measure in court, arguing that federal law sets out Election Day as the day that ballots should be considered final. Writing for the majority, Justice Barrett described the Court's decision as a narrow one, focused solely on the question of whether states could enact laws providing grace periods for late-arriving ballots to be counted. But she also more broadly explored the evolving history of voting practices in the country and how states had come to adopt practices allowing people to vote by mail. She described early elections as lively public events— that involved picnics, drinking, and boisterous celebration. After the Civil War, she noted, some states allowed soldiers to vote from afar with absentee ballots. She wrote that during World War I, some states began the practice of counting absentee ballots received after Election Day. Today, she wrote, the practice is widespread, citing examples of the kind of people whose ballots were at stake in Mississippi as college students away from home and senior citizens. "The defining element of an election, the term used in all three federal statutes, has always been the electorate's choice of candidate," Justice Barrett wrote, adding that "the electorate's choice is made when voting is complete, not when ballots are received." In dissent, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. wrote that Election Day is a specified date, not a span of multiple days, asserting that the majority had based its decision on a flawed understanding of the election date statutes. Justice Alito was joined in full by two of the court's other conservatives, Justices Clarence Thomas and Neil M. Gorsuch, and in part by Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh. Justice Alito wrote that Mississippi's acceptance of late-arriving ballots effectively postpones the date on which the electorate's choice is made, violating federal laws. The case is one of several legal challenges related to elections and voting before the court this term. The justices in January sided with a Republican congressman from Illinois, agreeing candidates like him had the right to challenge the state's rules governing voting counting. That ruling most likely paved the way for additional lawsuits over various balloting rules. In late April, the justices struck down Louisiana's Congressional district map as an unconstitutional racial gerrymander, a decision that weakened the key remaining section of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a landmark civil rights law. The decision in the case immediately set off a scramble among states in the South to redraw their maps ahead of the midterms, including in Alabama, where the justices agreed to allow a map that eliminated one of the state's two majority Black districts, citing their Louisiana ruling. The court is also weighing a Republican challenge to limits on how much political parties can spend in coordination with candidates, a case on which the court is expected to rule on Tuesday. Despite Mississippi's victory, the fate of its mail-in ballot grace period may still hang in the balance. After Monday's decision, Governor Tate Reeves, a Republican and staunch conservative, posted on social media that he planned to ask state lawmakers to repeal the mail-in ballot grace period and to require ballots be received by 5 PM on Election Day during the next legislative session. He added that just because the court ruled the practice constitutional doesn't mean we should allow it in our state. The next article from the front page of today's edition is entitled Supreme Court Lets $5 Million Sex Abuse Verdict Against Trump Stand. President Trump had asked the justices to intervene after a jury found that he had sexually abused and defamed the writer E. Jean Carroll. By Abby VanSickle and Benjamin Weiser. The Supreme Court on Monday declined a request by President Trump to review a $5 million civil judgment against him after a jury found in 2023 that he sexually abused and defamed the writer E. Jean Carroll. The announcement by the justices did not include any reasoning, and no public dissents were noted. A second case that arose out of Ms. Carroll's allegations also could be headed to the Supreme Court. In January 2024, a separate jury ordered Mr. Trump to pay Ms. Carroll $83.3 million in damages for defaming her in 2019 after she accused him of a decades-old rape. Lawyers for Mr. Trump have said they plan to ask that the justices also hear that case. Still, Monday's decision is a major blow to Mr. Trump and is most likely the end of his legal efforts to contest the jury verdict finding that he assaulted Ms. Carroll in the mid-1990s in a department store dressing room. The Supreme Court's announcement came after the court ruled in February that the president had overstepped his authority by issuing sweeping tariffs using emergency powers. That decision, which dealt a sharp blow to Mr. Trump's economic and foreign policy strategy, drew sharp criticism from the president, who referred to the justices who voted against the tariffs as fools and lapdogs and a disgrace to our nation. In response to this decision on Monday, Mr. Trump posted on social media calling Ms. Carroll's lawsuit a fake case. He added that he would continue the fight against this weaponization and lawfare case against me including the ridiculous claim of defamation, with all of my power and strength. In his post, Mr. Trump accused New York State of creating a law for an instant speck of time going back many decades in order to wrongfully nab me. He was referring to a 2022 New York law that gave adults who claimed to have been sexually assaulted a 1-year window to sue, even if the period for doing so under the statute of limitation had expired. Ms. Carroll, an ardent supporter of the law, sued after it was enacted. Ms. Carroll, age 82, writing on the Substack, declared, "We won! This win is for every woman in the world." Her lawyer, Roberta A. Kaplan, said the decision affirms once and for all the jury's unanimous verdict that President Donald J. Trump sexually assaulted and defamed E. Jean Carroll. His multiple efforts to appeal that verdict have all failed, and today's ruling ends his quest to avoid accountability for his actions. In May 2023, a federal jury in New York found the president liable for sexually abusing and defaming Ms. Carroll. The jury agreed that Ms. Carroll, a former magazine writer, had sufficiently shown that Mr. Trump sexually abused her in a dressing room of the Bergdorf Goodman department store when the two crossed paths in the 1990s. Further, the jury found that Mr. Trump had defamed Ms. Carroll by posting a statement on social media calling her case a complete con job and a hoax and a lie. Throughout, Mr. Trump denied Ms. Carroll's allegations. Among other evidence, the jury heard claims by two women in addition to Ms. Carroll that Mr. Trump had assaulted them, and an excerpt from the infamous Access Hollywood tape in which Mr. Trump can be heard bragging that he had a practice of grabbing and kissing women without consent. After the verdict, Mr. Trump appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, asserting, among other things, that the trial judge, Lewis A. Kaplan, erred by allowing the evidence of the two women and the tape excerpt to be shown to the jury. In December 2024, a three-judge appeals court panel upheld the jury's verdict, finding that Mr. Trump failed to show that the evidence had harmed his rights to a fair trial. Mr. Trump then asked the justices to weigh in to find that the trial court had erred. In a brief to the court, lawyers for Mr. Trump described the evidence as multiple decades-old unverified and unrelated allegations. They also claimed that the appeals court had incorrectly applied the law and argued that the justices needed to step in because if left uncorrected, these errors will recur in a host of future civil and criminal cases. Lawyers for Ms. Guerrell asked the justices to reject the president's petition. They wrote that the Supreme Court routinely declines to take up cases when the questions presented are irrelevant to a verdict. Such is the case here. The next article from today's edition is entitled Iran Risks Peace Talks with U.S. to Maintain Leverage Over Strait. Iran sees its control over the Strait of Hormuz as critical leverage in peace talks With the United States. It seems willing to risk the ceasefire to maintain that power. By Erica Solomon. The 4-day cycle of attacks that Iran set off with the United States over the Strait of Hormuz has risked derailing the newly reached ceasefire in a war both sides are eager to end. Yet for Iran, analysts say, it was a necessary gambit. Iran's newfound power to disrupt traffic through a waterway that is pivotal to the global economy is critical leverage it cannot afford to lose. Either at the negotiating table or back at war with the United States. Last week, Oman and the UN International Maritime Organization designated a new route through the waterway that passed only through Omani territorial waters. That could have threatened the linchpin of Iran's entire strategy to make sure it alone controlled the strait. "Best case or worst case scenario, they need this leverage," said Ali Vaez, a senior Iran analyst at the International Crisis group. It is not clear yet when or where Iran and the United States might meet again for talks, but should that happen, Mr. Vaez said, Iranian officials see their control over the strait as their best tool for extracting U.S. concessions. The Iranians are seeking relief from years of punishing sanctions if the two sides move forward on a nuclear deal. Such an agreement would most likely entail Iran handing over or diluting its stockpile of highly enriched uranium. Material that could have been used to construct a nuclear weapon. Iran's potential weaponization of nuclear power, despite its insistence that the program is peaceful, was long seen as its main strategic deterrence. That was until the current war, when Iran demonstrated through limited attacks on the Strait of Hormuz that it could close the waterway and send the global economy into a tailspin. For Iran's worst-case scenarios, the strait is central. Some Iranian officials suspect the Trump administration may have signed a preliminary deal with Iran only to buy time, easing economic pressures ahead of U.S. midterm elections before returning to war after. This is all the time available and concludes the reading of the New York Times for today. Your reader for today has been Julie Shaw. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions concerning this program, please feel free to call us at area code 859-422-6390. Thank you for listening, and now please stay tuned for continued programming on Radio I.

[62:20] **Speaker A:** Happy birthday, America! It's time to celebrate and play your favorite Las Vegas casino games by American-owned SpinQuest.com. What's better than fireworks and American pie? Hitting a blackjack in the palm of your hand, and you won't lose your fingers. Over 1,000 games including slots and live dealers, and $30 coin packs are on sale for 10. SpinQuest.com. By American players, for American players. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details.

[62:51] **Speaker C:** Grainger knows when you're a procurement manager for an office park, you're not managing one building, you're managing all of them. And to stay ahead, you need to see through walls and around corners. Lights about to fail, filters ready to clog, HVAC on its last leg? If you wait until something breaks, you're already behind. Count on Grainger for quality products, easy reordering, and 24/7 support. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click grainger.com, or just stop by. Grainger, for the ones who get it done.
