# Mixdown060226

**Show:** Brian Thomas
**Date Published:** 2026-06-02
**Date Found:** 2026-06-02
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/brian-thomas/mixdown060226?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 137 minutes

## Summary

This 137-minute episode of Brian Thomas mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Brian Thomas

## Key Moment

> "55KRC talk station bumper music by request for me the other day. I was just reading the lyrics of that song, APC's Pet. It's like, wow, that's, uh, very appropriate, isn't it? Anyhow, uh, everybody's studying this California election. Get the primary today, and don't wait around for the election returns to come in immediately. So you probably won't know tomorrow what the situation is for Los Angeles as well as the gubernatorial race. You know, Republican actually has an opportunity to win in both of those, although I wouldn't hold my breath thinking it's going to happen because we all know California California has gone off the rails in terms of its leftism. But it may— they're saying it may be weeks, plural, for them to figure out who wins these races. And tell me if this doesn't sound like an opportunity for fraud. The top 2 finishers is what— it's, you know, it's this— the top 2 move on to November, apparently. So you got, in terms of the gubernatorial, Los Angeles mayor race, Former Biden Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra is leading the polls for governor. Steve Hilton, the Republican, along with this Tom Steyer guy who's a big climate alarmist guy, the other two there. But Becerra's leading, but Steve Hilton's not that far behind, which makes it interesting because the top two contenders are going to move on into the, into November. Mayoral race, you got Karen Bass. Karen let the Los Angeles burn to the ground. Bass, a demonstrably incompetent, I think objectively competent individual, is leading. You got— she's got two people she's fighting against, uh, progressive councilwoman, as if Karen Bass isn't progressive enough, Nithya Raman, and then you got a Republican, Spencer Pratt, who's actually polling pretty well. But Karen Bass is ahead of both of those folks. Hey, I guess California Los Angelinos don't even pay attention to what's happened in their own backyard. How can you not pay attention to your city burning down and the response from the administration and everything that led up to the, the, the, the fire? So here's where your problem springs from. California sends every single registered voter an absentee ballot one month ahead of the election, so you've got all the time in the world. But in spite of the fact many people don't— as of Sunday, it's reported that only 15% of the ballots had been returned. They've been sitting around on someone's desk now for month. State— here's, here's the stumbling block though in terms of how long it's going to take for you to know the outcome of these races. The state allows ballots to be counted as long as they are postmarked on or before Election Day. And of course, with everybody waiting for the last minute to turn it in, there's a lot of them that come pouring in. This is how some of the elections which you see can say, oh, you know, AP looks like it's going to be calling the election for, you know, candidate, you know, Joe Blow. And then, you know, several days later, a miraculous a heapload of new votes come in for the other guy, and you're like, where in the hell that— how'd that happen? This is exactly how it happens. Counting ballots returned by mail takes a lot more time than those cast in person. State allows people to register to vote and cast ballots provisionally on Election Day as well. Since the officials have to verify voter eligibility on some level, that adds to even more time for these ballots getting counted. Now, the Journal was pointing out, in the 2024 election, Republican House member Mike Garcia, Michelle Steele, and John Duarte saw their leads on election night evaporate. That after more ballots started showing up, which ballots that showed up swung heavily for Democrats. Now, some scream, well, there's your fraud right there, there's your, your interfering with the vote. That, that's people going around and gathering up votes have been laying around on somebody's desk, and then, you know, just throwing them into a mailbox or something. I don't know if that's necessarily the case, but when this does happen, it tends to move over toward the Democrat side, which is one of the reasons many people said the 2020 election was fixed. What happened between midnight and 4 o'clock in the morning? You know, how did this counting change? They say one of the reasons that happens is young and lower propensity voters return ballots later, and they also tend to be left-leaning folks. And the absentee ballot counting process benefits Democrats because of that, I guess, but then it ruins our trust in the election integrity. Governor Newsom said as much as that last month, urging election officials to expedite vote counting, saying the longer the voting count takes, the more mis- and disinformation spreads. Time is of the essence in preventing election lies like this from taking hold. Hey man, it's your state. It's your state law. You're the one that allows any vote, you know, postmarked by Election Day to be counted. Obviously that's going to cause a backlog and a delay in us learning the outcome of the election. How about everybody vote on or before Election Day? If you don't even like the before part, I'm a fan of going back to Election Day only. Why not? We've been around 250 years as a country and this is a new phenomenon. Very, very new in terms of our country's history. Do you think anyone will question the integrity of the vote in California? As I see a separate article about ballots being burned and vandalized the other day in advance of the primary election. Yep, police have been notified about two possible acts of voter interference. Ballots discovered burned up in a Dropbox, and also a vote center was vandalized. I guess part of me can envision someone saying, yeah, but what about the votes that were burned up? Those people have been disenfranchised. We can't certify the election until we figure out which votes got burned up in this isolated— or these isolated incidents. Just a thought, my friends. Just a thought. 645, 55KRC, the talk station. I got a thought for you. See that talk station? It's 6:51 at 55KRC. TV talk station. Yeah, Maureen's listening. Why do you think I read the election issue, Maureen? California. Another one of the pattern observations he's been making since the, I guess, 2020 election. And hey, Michael, listen, brother, you want to buy time on the program, you can run the commercials in any language you want. He was wondering why he said iHeart is running Spanish commercials, uh, uh, on the iHeart app. Of course, they're not running on the 55KRC Morning Show terrestrial, or I would notice that. Although they could, if you want to buy time and run a Spanish-speaking commercial here on terrestrial radio, go ahead. Um, I don't make those choices, the sponsor does. We like to make the sponsors happy here in the morning show. So, uh, anyway, he said, wow, Verizon wants that. My reply, yeah, I guess they do. Well, here's one for you, Maureen. Other pattern observers, it's kind of a red flag in my book too. Uh, Google, and I question the funding for this and the entity Google behind it because, you know, I view Google as nefarious like Dave Adder does. Google is seeking federal approval for a program they're calling Debug. They want to release up to 32 million mosquitoes in California and Florida, which they say to combat disease-carrying mosquitoes. That are out there in the wild."
> — Speaker A at 57:02
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [57:02] Speaker A: "55KRC talk station bumper music by request for me the other day. I was just reading the lyrics of that song, APC's Pet. It's like, wow, that's, uh, very appropriate, isn't it? Anyhow, uh, everybody's studying this California election. Get the primary today, and don't wait around for the election returns to come in immediately. So you probably won't know tomorrow what the situation is for Los Angeles as well as the gubernatorial race. You know, Republican actually has an opportunity to win in both of those, although I wouldn't hold my breath thinking it's going to happen because we all know California California has gone off the rails in terms of its leftism. But it may— they're saying it may be weeks, plural, for them to figure out who wins these races. And tell me if this doesn't sound like an opportunity for fraud. The top 2 finishers is what— it's, you know, it's this— the top 2 move on to November, apparently. So you got, in terms of the gubernatorial, Los Angeles mayor race, Former Biden Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra is leading the polls for governor. Steve Hilton, the Republican, along with this Tom Steyer guy who's a big climate alarmist guy, the other two there. But Becerra's leading, but Steve Hilton's not that far behind, which makes it interesting because the top two contenders are going to move on into the, into November. Mayoral race, you got Karen Bass. Karen let the Los Angeles burn to the ground. Bass, a demonstrably incompetent, I think objectively competent individual, is leading. You got— she's got two people she's fighting against, uh, progressive councilwoman, as if Karen Bass isn't progressive enough, Nithya Raman, and then you got a Republican, Spencer Pratt, who's actually polling pretty well. But Karen Bass is ahead of both of those folks. Hey, I guess California Los Angelinos don't even pay attention to what's happened in their own backyard. How can you not pay attention to your city burning down and the response from the administration and everything that led up to the, the, the, the fire? So here's where your problem springs from. California sends every single registered voter an absentee ballot one month ahead of the election, so you've got all the time in the world. But in spite of the fact many people don't— as of Sunday, it's reported that only 15% of the ballots had been returned. They've been sitting around on someone's desk now for month. State— here's, here's the stumbling block though in terms of how long it's going to take for you to know the outcome of these races. The state allows ballots to be counted as long as they are postmarked on or before Election Day. And of course, with everybody waiting for the last minute to turn it in, there's a lot of them that come pouring in. This is how some of the elections which you see can say, oh, you know, AP looks like it's going to be calling the election for, you know, candidate, you know, Joe Blow. And then, you know, several days later, a miraculous a heapload of new votes come in for the other guy, and you're like, where in the hell that— how'd that happen? This is exactly how it happens. Counting ballots returned by mail takes a lot more time than those cast in person. State allows people to register to vote and cast ballots provisionally on Election Day as well. Since the officials have to verify voter eligibility on some level, that adds to even more time for these ballots getting counted. Now, the Journal was pointing out, in the 2024 election, Republican House member Mike Garcia, Michelle Steele, and John Duarte saw their leads on election night evaporate. That after more ballots started showing up, which ballots that showed up swung heavily for Democrats. Now, some scream, well, there's your fraud right there, there's your, your interfering with the vote. That, that's people going around and gathering up votes have been laying around on somebody's desk, and then, you know, just throwing them into a mailbox or something. I don't know if that's necessarily the case, but when this does happen, it tends to move over toward the Democrat side, which is one of the reasons many people said the 2020 election was fixed. What happened between midnight and 4 o'clock in the morning? You know, how did this counting change? They say one of the reasons that happens is young and lower propensity voters return ballots later, and they also tend to be left-leaning folks. And the absentee ballot counting process benefits Democrats because of that, I guess, but then it ruins our trust in the election integrity. Governor Newsom said as much as that last month, urging election officials to expedite vote counting, saying the longer the voting count takes, the more mis- and disinformation spreads. Time is of the essence in preventing election lies like this from taking hold. Hey man, it's your state. It's your state law. You're the one that allows any vote, you know, postmarked by Election Day to be counted. Obviously that's going to cause a backlog and a delay in us learning the outcome of the election. How about everybody vote on or before Election Day? If you don't even like the before part, I'm a fan of going back to Election Day only. Why not? We've been around 250 years as a country and this is a new phenomenon. Very, very new in terms of our country's history. Do you think anyone will question the integrity of the vote in California? As I see a separate article about ballots being burned and vandalized the other day in advance of the primary election. Yep, police have been notified about two possible acts of voter interference. Ballots discovered burned up in a Dropbox, and also a vote center was vandalized. I guess part of me can envision someone saying, yeah, but what about the votes that were burned up? Those people have been disenfranchised. We can't certify the election until we figure out which votes got burned up in this isolated— or these isolated incidents. Just a thought, my friends. Just a thought. 645, 55KRC, the talk station. I got a thought for you. See that talk station? It's 6:51 at 55KRC. TV talk station. Yeah, Maureen's listening. Why do you think I read the election issue, Maureen? California. Another one of the pattern observations he's been making since the, I guess, 2020 election. And hey, Michael, listen, brother, you want to buy time on the program, you can run the commercials in any language you want. He was wondering why he said iHeart is running Spanish commercials, uh, uh, on the iHeart app. Of course, they're not running on the 55KRC Morning Show terrestrial, or I would notice that. Although they could, if you want to buy time and run a Spanish-speaking commercial here on terrestrial radio, go ahead. Um, I don't make those choices, the sponsor does. We like to make the sponsors happy here in the morning show. So, uh, anyway, he said, wow, Verizon wants that. My reply, yeah, I guess they do. Well, here's one for you, Maureen. Other pattern observers, it's kind of a red flag in my book too. Uh, Google, and I question the funding for this and the entity Google behind it because, you know, I view Google as nefarious like Dave Adder does. Google is seeking federal approval for a program they're calling Debug. They want to release up to 32 million mosquitoes in California and Florida, which they say to combat disease-carrying mosquitoes. That are out there in the wild."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Hey guys, it's us, the Jonas Brothers. I'm Joe. I'm Kevin. And I'm Nick. And guess what? We created our own podcast called Hey Jonas. We invented a podcast? Well, we didn't invent it, we just contributed to it. We're the first people to do podcasts. We get to ask other people questions because we're sick and tired of being asked questions. Well, sick and tired is a strong way to put it, but you know. Tired and sick. Tired and sick. Listen to Hey Jonas on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Just listen. We don't care where you hear it.

[00:29] **Speaker C:** Your husband is not who you think he is. Your body is not what you thought it was. Your identity is formed by a secret history. I'm Danni Shapiro, and these are just a few of the stunning stories I'll be exploring on the 14th season of Family Secrets. He kind of shoved me out of the way and said, "Move." And he went out the front door, and he jumped in a car and drove off. And that was the last time I saw him. Listen to season 14 of Family Secrets. On the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Here's something that should not be as complicated as it is: getting a racist statue removed. And here's something that should be a whole lot easier than it is: getting a new one put up in its place. I'm Akilah Hughes, and Rebel Spirit Season 2 is about both of those things.

[01:14] **Speaker A:** As I was watching these statues come down, I was thinking about what it meant that I grew up in a majority Black city in which there were more homages to enslavers than there were to enslaved people.

[01:23] **Speaker C:** Listen to Rebel Spirit Season 2 on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is Saigon, the story of my family and of the country that shaped us.

[01:35] **Speaker A:** From iHeartPodcasts, Saigon. You don't think I'm serious about a free Vietnam?

[01:40] **Speaker B:** One city, a divided country, and the war that tore America apart.

[01:44] **Speaker E:** This is for Vietnam.

[01:45] **Speaker A:** They're pouring petrol all over him. Freedom for Vietnam! There's a fire coming to this country, and it's going to burn out everything.

[01:52] **Speaker F:** Listen to Saigon on the iHeartRadio app.

[01:54] **Speaker B:** IHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

[02:03] **Speaker A:** 5:05 at 55KRC, the dog station. Happy Tuesday. I can learn so much from you. Is that statement directed to me, Joe? Brian Thomas right here, Joe Strecker in there, making fun from the right out of the gate there, Joe. Appreciate the sound bites, always putting a smile on my face, and the timing is always so awesome. And welcome to the morning show. Uh, 55krc.com is where you can stream the audio directly and Listen there or get your iHeartMedia app, listen on the device wherever you happen to be. And good morning to all those folks not listening terrestrial radio in the tri-state area. Always appreciate hearing from folks, and I always appreciate hearing folks on various topics that are going on in the news. You know how many I have different topics all around me? My morning show board here, I've got usually about 30 articles strewn about and don't really know which direction I want to go. But see, that's why I say, hey, if there's a topic you want to talk about, feel free. It's probably in my stack of stuff. So what's coming up with the 55KRC Morning Show? I know we're going to talk about this morning, Tom Zawistowski, We the People Convention. It Tom's Day, 7:30 on a Tuesday. We'll talk about the truth about data centers. The truth— well, his version of the truth. That's not to insult Tom Zawistowski. Everybody's got an opinion about AI. We all know what opinions are like— sphincters. We all have one. Anyhow, some really frightening stuff about that. Going to get to that just maybe in a moment. Uh, Inside Scoop, Breitbart News. It's Tuesday, 8:05 for the Inside Scoop today. Breitbart National Security Editor John Hayward joins the program to talk about the latest from Iran. Wow, okay, maybe he can boil it down for us because we're going to have Daniel Davis deep dive at 8:30. He too will be summing up what his perception is of the situation in Iran. That I don't know what's going on, uh, I'm not quite sure Donald Trump does. What I think has emerged is very clearly Donald Trump does not want to start in a multi-pronged kinetic bombing attack. I mean, he has had every excuse to go full-on drop bomb mode against the Iranians, but hasn't gone there yet. Negotiations on, negotiations off. Iran walks away, I don't care if Iran walks away, I still want to negotiate. Uh, he also got, uh, the Israelis to quit bombing Hezbollah the other day. That didn't last long. Hold on on that one, we'll have our ask the expert Todd came from Sharefax, and he just wants to tell you about the awesomeness of Sharefax, a better way to bank, but also Shred Day, which is coming up June 13th, and the $0 closing costs issue. So there you go, end of the program for that. Tomorrow, Jack Atherton and Judge Jenna Napolitano. Anyway, 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK, pound 550 on AT&T phones. Go to the Journal, a pretty decent op-ed piece summarizing where we are with the Iranian situation. Um, It's like they say, standing on the shoulders of giants. But since I'm confused, because on and off all day long yesterday I kept seeing the developments and none of it seemed to fall into place insofar as what we are talking, how we are dealing with the Iranians and where we are in the negotiation process. And awaken this morning to find out that maybe things aren't squared away between the Israelis and Hezbollah. Anyway, let's recap. Iran regime began Monday by throwing a wrench— this is the Wall Street Journal's comments— into negotiations with the United States. Trump spent the rest of the day scrambling to satisfy Iran's demand. Result: a new ceasefire in Lebanon, rescuing Hezbollah for a moment, though the terrorists didn't abide by the first ceasefire for even a day. Pause on that thought. Hezbollah began the war with Israel March 2nd, firing on soldiers and civilian targets on the orders of its Iranian patrons. Remember, Iran controls what Hezbollah is doing for the most part. But I think we can all assume that since without Iran, Hezbollah would have no funds. First Lebanon ceasefire announced April 17th after Iran's regime had said Israel retaliation against Hezbollah was preventing the reopening of the Strait of Hormuz. See how they connect the two? One could argue that Hezbollah-Israel different than the war between Israel, United States, and Iran. We all know they're intertwined to a certain degree, but they're trying to keep them mixed, the Iranians are, because it works to their advantage. Trump pressured Israel and delivered a ceasefire, but Iran reneged on Hormuz and its Hezbollah proxy kept firing. So the predicate for the ceasefire was open the Strait of Hormuz and stop firing. Of course, neither of those things were met. Israel avoided attacking Hezbollah's Dahyeh stronghold in Beirut in reply so as not to trouble the US-Iran negotiations. Hezbollah's strikes intensified, averaging 125 rockets and 49 drones fired at Israel each day last week. Monday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced Israel would expand its retaliation to include Dahia. Israel issued an evacuation order for the civilians there. Enter Iran. Yesterday, state media reported the regime had stopped exchanging messages with the United States because of Israeli attacks in Lebanon. Iran's foreign minister said they amounted to an American ceasefire violation. Note the, it's an American ceasefire violation, because I'm guessing the Iranians think we control what the Israelis do. I don't know necessarily if that's the case. I know we have massive sway over Israelis, We'll see that in just a moment here. But if you are Israel and you're getting attacked with 125 rockets and 49 drones every single day, I would like to think that regardless what the United States says, you might want to defend yourself to prevent that from happening anyway. The general says the shamelessness is always striking. Iran has repeatedly violated its April 7th ceasefire with the United States by firing drones and missiles at commercial vessels, U.S. forces in Gulf states. That's been my running joke. Is it a ceasefire when people are firing on each other? It doesn't sound like one. In recent days, it's now the U.S. drone over international waters fired ballistic missiles at U.S. forces in Kuwait. Through it all, Trump has limited the U.S. responses to self-defense and insisted the ceasefire still obtains. In reply to Iran's threat to end negotiation, Trump talked tough. We've heard that before. I don't care if they're over. Frankly, I thought they started to get very boring. That's what his comment was to CNBC the other day. But the president's actions suggest he actually does care. After long calls with Mr. Netanyahu and Lebanese interlocutors on Monday afternoon, Trump announced a new ceasefire in Lebanon. Quote, they agreed that all shooting will stop. Close quote. So saith his post on Truth Social. Lebanon and Israel suggested the deal is only partial. As long as Hezbollah doesn't attack Israeli territory, Israel won't attack the terrorists in Dahia. That's what Netanyahu said. Journalist conclusion: this is a recipe for managing the conflict, limiting it to southern Lebanon where both sides expect to continue the fight. This suffices for now for Israel, which won high ground in Lebanon in recent days and could use time to mount defenses against what they point out as fiber optic drones. I guess that requires some additional time. Anyway, Hezbollah's capital again has been spared the consequences of the group's own actions. Iran is winning its proxy a refuge there. Isn't it again interesting? Israel seems to be making really big progress going into areas it never has, attacking Hezbollah's headquarters or going after it apparently for the first time. Whoa, enter in the Iranians saying, if you don't stop that, our peace negotiations are over. Donald Trump obviously does not want to start a bombing campaign, so he calls Netanyahu and he says, stop it, we're going to do a ceasefire together. This while Israel was making better progress and sort of higher— making ground against Hezbollah. And back to the Journal's point, any time it wants Iran could tell Hezbollah to stop shooting and end the war, which Israel has no desire to wage. Instead, it encouraged Hezbollah's fire so it could cut off U.S. talks with— when Israel inevitably responded in force. Now, the Iranian regime, they've concluded, the Journal has anyway, has two interests here: protecting its terror proxy Hezbollah while it attacks Israel and resisting the United States' changes to the draft memorandum of understanding that was reported last week. And conclusion, they say, is Iran's regime sees this as one war. The two, obviously the Israel-Hezbollah thing and us versus Iran, sees this as one war, and it's been testing Trump on all fronts. If it fires on U.S. forces in the strait or Gulf, Will Trump still try to salvage a ceasefire? How about stepped-up attacks on Israel? How about claiming to quit negotiations? In each case, Trump has chosen to avoid escalation and keep talking. If he won't send a different message, it will be difficult to get the regime to comply with the deal, no matter what it promises now. That's the end conclusion in front of the journal. But yeah, I think this really does demonstrate Donald Trump does not want to get in a big long directed war, but I think it also serves to prove that this will not be easy. For those people out there that think we could just beat the living crap out of the Iranians, let's just launch the bombs and missiles, get it all over with, let's just open the Strait of Hormuz using American military to ferry those ships through the mined area, etc., etc. I think we would have done all that already if it was an easy ask. And I know a lot of people get critical of what Daniel Davis says when he does the deep dive here in the morning show. He's no fan of this conflict, and he is always sort of like the guy saying, No, no, it's not that easy. No, the Iranians have a whole lot more than, than the media is widely reporting. No, we just can't go in this bombing campaign. You know how big the country is? You know how many fighters they've got? You know how many tunnels they have? Oh, and it's been reported, you know, there's satellite imagery showing that the Iranians have been digging out all these different tunnels, uh, and making some progress along that, along that line. Uh, Iran has dug out more missile tunnels than previously thought according to satellite analyst and reported. I found that one over at ZeroHedge, which was re-reporting information that CNN put the other day saying satellite images show all of these craters have now been filled. All two sites have been repaved, meaning the missile launching sites are being repaired. Hmm, wonder why the Iranians want to buy more time in negotiations. More time they buy, the more time they can repair these silos and, and maybe pull out uranium if that's there. But in the background of all this, this— whatever, wherever we were at the point of publishing of this opinion All of which still remains valid. The ceasefire apparently negotiated between the Israelis and Lebanon the other day— are you ready?— reported this morning. Israel military said it intercepted two projectiles that crossed from Lebanon into northern Israel early Tuesday local time. The incident happened within hours of President Trump saying Monday that both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Hezbollah would stop attacks under the Lebanon ceasefire. Now what do you make of that? Rather confusing, isn't it? On, off, on, off. You know, the other— they've been making fun about this because, you know, we're— it's, it's wash, rinse, repeat. But that wash, rinse, repeat cycle used to at least go for long, for a few days. You'd have a ceasefire that was actually honored for more than 24 hours. This one seems to have been breached in less than that. 517-518-5555, KRC The Talk Station. Feel free to give me a call. Be right back after these brief words. 55 KRC The Talk Station. It's 5:21, it's Tuesday. Tomorrow's Wednesday, stating the obvious, but tomorrow's Listener Lunch Wednesday. It's the only reason to bring it up because we're going to be at the Anderson Pub and Grill. I will at least be there, and I know Mike's going to be there. Cribbage Mike, Submariner Mike. Good to hear from you this morning, Mike. Looking forward to seeing you and your awesome grandson. His grandson roots for me when we play cribbage, which I get a kick out of. So listen, lunch tomorrow, Anderson Pub and Grill, great place. They've always treated us really well. Enjoy the food there, great burgers at Anderson Pub and Grill. And, uh, just a quick reminder, next week I won't be here. Dan Carroll's going to cover for me Monday through Wednesday. We've got Gary Jeff Walker Thursday, Friday. I will be recovering hopefully for my cancer treatments on Thursday and Friday this week, my last of the 6 months worth of cancer treatments, 2 days a month, 6 months in a row. And I'm I'm praying that I get at least 5 years repeat like I got last time. I'll take 3 years, to be quite honest with you, whatever I can get, because chemotherapy sucks. I'm just gonna be honest with you, there's no plus side to it. So my fellow chemo folks out there, I get where you're coming from when you complain a little bit about it. I bring that up in the context of this frightening reality. Uh, is your health insurance really expensive? No, I'm not going to launch into a commercial for CoverCincy, but it does kind of apply here. Average American family now paying more than $2,200 a month for health insurance. And as the, the article, which was from an entity called Americans for Limited Government, I, they just want to listen, you know, pay attention to that. $2,200 a month average, which is more than the average monthly payment for mortgages in the country. They peg that at about $2,000. Maybe if you got in before the, uh, housing price increase. But anyway, recent poll finding 90% of Americans say health insurance companies have too much control and should be broken up, 74% strongly agreeing. Now, are you blaming the health insurance companies for glomming onto a government-created thing that is Obamacare, which is where they're making a lot of money? Obamacare, keep your doctor, your payments will be lower. Right. ACA, Affordable Care Act, sold as the, uh, well, the, the, the fix for struggling families. Now it's a real problem, and as the Americans for Limited Government points out, the golden goose for big insurance companies. 2024 numbers: 84% of insurance revenues from the ACA premiums were funded by you going to work and paying taxes. 10 points higher than before COVID-era credits expanded the subsidy pipeline. Remember COVID? Don't let a good crisis go to waste. We need to get more people on the Affordable Care Act so we can turn it into Medicaid for All. That was always the goal. And you got to remember, as much as you hate the Supreme Court for not finding the whole thing unconstitutional, they did say the government cannot force you to buy insurance. They tried to expand the Commerce Clause and made that argument. That was the only thing that was holding the concept of the Affordable Care Act together, making everyone buy it. As the article points out, among the 312 insurers participating in the ACA marketplace plans, premiums for 2026 rose between 12 and 27% for most everyone, with some insurers hiking rates 59% in a single year. Plus you're paying more, obviously, with those hikes, you're getting less. Of course, the taxpayers are on the hook for a lot of this. Plus they also point out to repeated mass fraud. UnitedHealth, apparently the Senate is investigating UnitedHealth for aggressively gaming Medicare Advantage, inflating reimbursements from the government. You find more diagnoses, inflate the severity of conditions, and bill the government accordingly. Hmm. UnitedHealth, joined by Cigna Group, they had to pay $172 million, a pittance for Cigna, to resolve False Claim Act allegations. Kaiser Permanente, pivoting over to another one, paid out $556 million to settle similar charges. They conclude this was— they conclude this is systematic corporate exploit built on squeezing you, the taxpayer, and manipulating government programs. Manipulating government programs. Hmm, there's a concept no one's glommed onto. Create a government program, sit back, fold your hands, and watch the manipulation. Or as we have learned painfully, watch the fraud get perpetrated on you, the taxpayer. $2,200. And you know the weird thing about it? It's $2,200 for something you hope you never have to use. Now, with the exception of regular doctor's visits and the things that we all normally should do to keep up with our health, I, I would like to think no one wants to have medical insurance kick in because they had to go to an emergency room, they got to have surgery, they get a cancer diagnosis. Glad I had my insurance. Also illustrates the insane cost of medicine since these treatments are like $30,000 apiece. Think about that if you don't have medical insurance. 526-55-CARE-CITY talk station, local stories or phone calls, feel free to give me a ring. I'll be right back. 55K, the talk station. Yacht Rock Radio. Well, unless you factor in the dump button delay. 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK, #550 on AT&T phone. Somebody send a search party out, Tom's not around. You have a free option to give me a call here. The phone lines are open. Otherwise, pivoting over to local stories, which I'm going to do right now. Gird your loins after— on the heels of the, uh, your insurance premium for medical insurance through the roof. Uh, Duke Energy coming at you asking for a monthly electric rate increase. Yay! They filed a request with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to approve a rate hike that would increase electric bills by about $8 a month for residential customers. Doesn't sound like a month. They say it's about 4.5% increase for residential customers and a 3% increase from non-residential customers, according to Matt Martin from Duke Energy. He's the spokesperson there. Yeah, I know, Joe. Are you ready for spot pricing if the grid gets taxed and we have insufficient electricity supply in the greater Cincinnati area over the summer months like we did in the winter months and your bill went through the roof? You're looking forward to that, aren't you, Joe? Giddy with excitement, Strecker is. I guess they try to put a SAM on this increase rate, rate increase request. The company has not raised distribution rates since 2021. Oh, okay. Feel better about that. Uh, they say again, $8 a month average. That's if you use 1,000 kilowatts of energy. That's according to Duke is the average amount that people use. This is for the distribution. A distribution portion of the bill makes up about 20 to 35% of the total. And of course the distribution chunk of the bill is the system that delivers the electricity. They say they modernized our infrastructure and made capital investments, which you're going to pay for, of course. If approved— anybody want to bet on whether it's going to be approved or not? Let me ask this more straightforward: does anybody think it won't be approved? Rate hike will take effect next May, so you have about a year, a year before it kicks in. Until a decision made, the company says rates will not change, absent, I suppose, the electricity component of the bill, which might very well increase dramatically depending upon whether or not we need to buy— go out in the world and buy extra. Whatever. I know. Thanks, Joe. Let's go over to the phone. All is right with the world. Tom's on the line. Hey, Tom, good morning. Happy Tuesday to you, my friend.

[22:41] **Speaker F:** Yeah, yeah, good morning, good morning. Um, uh, yeah, uh, I don't know if people realize this, but anytime the government insists that you do something and mandates it, the price of it goes up. I don't know if people saw this or not.

[22:57] **Speaker A:** Um, or anytime, anytime you shoulder the taxpayers uh, writ large with the bill, everything goes up too, right?

[23:07] **Speaker D:** Correct.

[23:08] **Speaker F:** Yeah, yeah. So, uh, to this Iran thing, um, well, I think we can all agree, and I don't want to be misunderstood, they have weapons, they can do damage, they can, they can hurt people, they can destroy stuff. Okay, they want to talk about Iran. All right, but I think we can all agree that up against the United States, they are seriously outgunned as far as weaponry and all that, right? It seems that— that seems to be an obvious—

[23:38] **Speaker A:** oh, there's no question they're up against a nuclear power with the biggest Air Force, the biggest Navy, and everything in the world. Sadly, there have been— there's been illustration after illustration over the course of history, including our involvement in Afghanistan and Russia's involvement in Afghanistan. You can spend years and years and years there and never accomplish anything. Because a whole bunch of crazy people in the mountains with machine guns can do a lot of damage and wage a battle of attrition based on a religious— a fundamental religion that says we cannot capitulate to Satan.

[24:09] **Speaker F:** That's correct. That was the point I'm trying to make.

[24:12] **Speaker A:** Oh, okay, I'm sorry.

[24:13] **Speaker F:** The ideology— the ideology and the determination behind that ideology is what we're really up against. Exactly. Uh, so people can look at it as mines floating in the water or, or drone missiles or whatever. But that's not really what you're up against. You're up against a group of people who absolutely to their death believe that we should all be wiped off the face of the planet. Right. And they'll do anything. They'll do anything they can to make that happen.

[24:40] **Speaker B:** Well, it isn't that—

[24:41] **Speaker F:** you're not just— you're not going to get those people to buckle and bend the knee or whatever, whatever terminology you want to use. It's not going to happen. It just never is going to happen, so you're just hoping to get it to the point where at least they don't keep harassing people, you know, the way they have been, but it's not going to stop.

[25:04] **Speaker A:** Think about this. One of the reasons we want to bomb them into submission is because that philosophy that they have, that fundamental religious philosophy that says we need to attack the evil Satan, which will include Israel. Israel, United States need to be bombed. That's why we do it all the time. That's why we have terrorists waging war all the time. Okay. We, the United States and Israel, of course, need to stop that. But that puts you in the position that we all recognize. You're against— you're fighting against fundamentalists who will not capitulate ever. So where does this lead us? Are you going to just carpet bomb them with nukes and just kill every man, woman, child, and living creature in Iran? Now, there may be a whole lot of kill them all and let God sort it out people out there that would say that's okay, but no, it's not.

[25:46] **Speaker F:** Correct. It's not. And if you do that, you've basically proven them correct. Uh, you know, in all essence, you've proven that they are right. So yeah, what do you do? Well, we're just gonna have to do the best we can to maintain this. Now, the direction I usually go with all my phone calls, for those of you who don't pay attention, is I'm, I'm talking to the voters here, and I'm saying, which, which side in our country, Democrat or Republican, which side, um, is it— supports those people, gives them comfort, uh, rallies on their side, feels sorry for them, so forth and so on? What—

[26:24] **Speaker A:** which side? Well, that's not the Republicans, that's a Democrat. That's an easy— that's an easy question to answer if you're talking about the situation vis-à-vis Israel and, well, any of the terrorist organizations that hate Israel, because there's a huge, huge and ever-growing contingent of Well, anti-Semitic people that are a large chunk of the Democrat Party, they're the ones out there saying, you know, from the river to the sea and supporting pro— uh, supporting terrorist organizations.

[26:50] **Speaker F:** So yeah, right. So to me, it looks very— from 30,000 feet, it looks very, very simple. You have one side who is with their ideology and call it psychotic, whatever, whatever you want to call it, they go out of their way to hurt people and kill people because they believe there's a certain group of people or groups of people in this world that don't— that don't, uh, shouldn't be on this planet. We should wipe them out. That's, that's the Iranian side. That, that's the, uh, fundamental, uh, whatever. That's their side. And then our side is like, look, live how you want to live, just leave everybody else alone. Do your thing. Just, just stop, stop killing people. Which side are you going to be on when you— I mean, that's one of the things we got to We gotta think about when we choose to vote, which side are you on? Are you on the side of, hey, let's be crazy and kill people that we don't like, or let's let people live the way they want to live as long as they don't bother anybody else? And it seems pretty obvious to me, don't vote Democrat. Have a great day.

[27:48] **Speaker A:** Thanks, Tom. And that ever-growing contingent of kill people you don't like in any particular topic subject matter— seems to me the leftists have almost a pure monopoly on violence against their political— their own political foes, i.e., anybody who is a Republican, or certainly anyone who ears agree that they're a MAGA supporter. Yeah, you're in the crosshairs as well with these nutcase leftists. Huh, I thought the big problem in the world was right-wing extremism. 5:38 right now, 55KRC, the talk station. You got trees in your yard, you got a lawn, you got, uh, things you want to take care of, get the talk station. It is 5:43, 55KRC, the talk station. Happy Tuesday. Stack of stupid. Here we go. I did, Joe, I added to the stack of stupid. I selected this one to start with. We go to Nantucket where we have a Unitarian church that has been doing a reading, a public reading, the Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights for the past 25 years. Every July 4th they read these founding documents. What a great thing, especially considering it's the 250th anniversary of our country. Reason to celebrate. Nope. Nantucket Unitarian Universalist, NUU, and the Reverend Aaron Splane of the Second Congregational Meeting House Society— that's the specific Unitarian church— published a letter saying, nope, we're canceling it. Quote, our canceling the Fourth of July celebration this year reflects an ongoing process within the congregation to better understand our own whiteness. What? Yep. Church leaders said this reflects ongoing congregation— or ongoing conversations within the congregation about race, privilege, and the historical application of our constitutional rights. According to the letter, for those of us who are white, the experience of the rights and privileges conferred by the Declaration of Independence, the Bill of Rights, and the Constitution of the United States have for centuries been tragically, often violently, and unequally applied to fellow citizens citizens who are not white. Letter stated that the, uh, the Reverend will not engage with anyone concerned with the cancellation on social media, putting her head in the sand or otherwise going la la la la la with her hands over her ears. Social media is not the place for important tender conversations. Now bear in mind, this is Nantucket. I think you need a pass to get in. It's rather pricey, and the racial makeup— not a whole lot of minority groups live in Nantucket.

[30:34] **Speaker F:** I—

[30:34] **Speaker A:** this is insanity. I have no idea what's going on. One person writing, nothing says inclusive like canceling a national holiday. One other, someone needs to tell this nitwit that over 600,000 white men died in battle to end slavery in this country. By the way, the only country that decisively fought to end slavery. I am so tired of these people spewing lies because they refuse to learn the truth. Pick up an old history book, it's there, right? In addition to all the folks died ending slavery, and a reminder that the Democrats are the people, the party responsible for the Ku Klux Klan and all of the Jim Crow laws that are the genesis of this anger toward white people for the alleged white privilege that brought about. Fair enough. Whatever. I don't live— What are you, stupid? Yeah, I think that we can reasonably conclude that. We're stupid, comma, talk station. First guest this morning, 7:30 with Tom Zawistowski. We're talking with wethepeopleconvention.org's Tom Zawistowski about data centers. The truth about data centers. Of course, Breitbart Inside Scoop at 8:05. The Daniel Davis deep dive on Iran at 8:30. Let us see here. Over to the stack of stupid. We go to New Jersey where we have Michael A Class 67. Charged with first-degree murder, unlawful possession of a weapon, and possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose. What did he do? He's been accused of killing his wife of nearly 40 years, Stacy E. Kless, 66 years old she was. This according to the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office. Police showed up 9:30 in the morning in a home of, uh, on, on Seward Drive after receiving two calls about a murder. Officers went inside the home, found Stacy Kless obviously deceased. That's in the report, in quotes. Cops identified her husband as a suspect, found him unconscious in his vehicle at a rest stop off the Garden State Parkway, taken to the hospital, described as in critical condition. They don't describe what happened to him, maybe suicide, I don't know. According to the Asbury Park Press, the probable cause warrant, uh, said after the suspect killed his wife, he then texted their two adult children to admit what he had done. Also allegedly sent email admission to another person. Email reportedly, quote, indicated a long simmering hatred of his wife of 40 years. Also, uh, amen, Joe. Also, he said he was involved in an intimate relationship with a woman from Central America and also provided a description of the murder that match the evidence from the scene. Specifically, he beat his wife to death with a barbell. Wow. Is that the answer?

[33:34] **Speaker E:** Just walk away.

[33:36] **Speaker A:** No, I think that's the answer. Lord Almighty. All right. Zorhan Momdami's at it again. Interfering with your, I guess, idiots doing idiot things because they're idiots. Parental bedtime. Of course, sports is so much more important than school. Teachers union apparently wasn't talking with Zorhan Momdami. I think if they knew what he was planning on doing in his announcement, they probably would have said, well, Zorhan, why don't you just close the schools because, well, the Knicks are playing. Some people complain about the late start times because they want it in prime time, which of course deprives young children who are supposed to be in bed for at least parents who care about sending their children to bed at the appropriate time. NBA Finals apparently tip off 8:30 PM, making it difficult for those children who are going to school to watch the game. Zorhan Mondami, enter the commie, joined at his desk with school children signing an executive order to repeal bedtimes for kids during the NBA Finals, saying it is important for all New Yorkers of all ages to support the Knicks in their championship run. Bedtime should not impede the ability of New York's cutest to cheer for the Knicks and watch every second of this historic championship series. As mayor, you're forced to make many difficult decisions, he wrote in his social media post. This was not one of them. Now it is noted the kids will still have to go to school during the finals unless of course, and can anyone see this happening, the parents say, hmm, it is important that we watch the Knicks. Watching the Knicks and staying up late and not going to bed and just let's say blow off school because we didn't get any sleep. So much more important than an education.

[35:28] **Speaker E:** Now who can argue with that?

[35:32] **Speaker A:** Hmm, pretty much anything Zorhan Momdami does could end up in the stack of stupid. That guy is literally insane. And of course, the fact that he's the mayor of one of the largest, if not largest city— well, one of the largest cities in the world— I think is a— it's certainly a reflection of the sign of the times. We are crazy and we have gone full-on leftist in a lot of blue cities. And the more that happens, the worse things are going to get. See history. Plenty more to talk about in the 6 o'clock hour. I hope you can stick around, listen in, chime in, maybe give me a call. 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK, #550 on AT&T phones. I will be back after the news. We put the app in happening, but that's what's happening. This comes right here. Glad to be— glad to have Joe Stracko right there, executive producer our internet research guru, our own great guy, man responsible for the lineup, today's lineup. Tom Zawistowski at 7:30 on the truth about data centers. I want to glom onto that top of the hour news story there here in a second. And his concept of truth and data centers, um, I keep saying you can't fight it. You want to be part of the money-making thing that is, uh, the data center. You let somebody else do it, it's coming, it's here. And actually, it is really, really, really scary. I will acknowledge that I'm not a huge fan of it, The genie seems to be out of the bottle. There may be some benefits for it, but the downside risks are really frightening, as I'm going to get here to, uh, get to in a minute here. You might have your own reasons for not liking AI. Inside scoop at Breitbart News at 8:05, uh, national security editor John Hayward on the latest from Iran and the Daniel Davis deep dive on that same topic. So 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK, #550 on your AT&T phone. Here's one of the reasons why this, uh, kind of freaks me But you know, call me a Luddite. Tech Friday with Dave Hatter, every Friday, 6:30, appointment listening, really important information. One of the things he always talks about, you know, Internet of Things devices and these Google software and Google products, they're just hoovering up all your information. And if you don't care about that, that's one thing, but there are frightening consequences to it. But you know what? I try to steer clear of it. It's my choice. I don't feel that I'm deprived of anything magical because I don't tend to use these apps and these other devices. And I've only used ChatGPT, which is the subject matter I want to get here to, just for a couple of kind of comedic things. You know, write a punk rock song about whatever news article we were joking around. It'll spit something out in a moment's time. Joe uses it when he makes the Tech Friday with Dave Hatter memes. They're hilarious. Signal99 and her obviously stated on the front meme page on Facebook, she uses them all the time as well with, well, great comedy. So there's some fun that can be coming from it. But the idea that we now, we live in this isolated world, post-COVID world where we were all bunkered and hunkered down and we didn't communicate with anybody. We were cut off from our family and other resources that we used to rely on for maybe a measure of common sense or measure of mental health stability in a world where everyone seems to be living isolated in an echo chamber and now are getting all their information from ChatGPT, their new buddy. That was last year. In April of 2025, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman, the guy behind ChatGPT, announced that they had this magical improvement for the ChatGPT. Previously, when you were interacting with this device, apparently it couldn't recall your prior conversations. It would spring anew, you know, ask it a question and boom, they have an answer. But go back later, maybe you provided some personal information when asking a question, it wouldn't remember that specifically. And it would start from scratch. That's at least as I understand it, and no tech guy am I. But then the announcement was that it would remember everything that you said to this ChatGPT, suddenly able to reference your entire history and interaction with ChatGPT, in which Altman described as, oh, an incredible personalized user experience. It can now reference all of your past conversations, he said with excitement. Surprisingly great feature, and it points to something that we are excited about: AI systems that get to know you over your life and become extremely useful and personalized. Useful? I suppose that depends on what it's telling you in response to what you're saying to it and interacting with it. Now, it's the, the, the, the, the reporting on this, and I will give credit to Maggie Harrison Dupre over at Mirror Mirror for describing this, you know, sure, That's a great utilitarian function. It'll remember maybe what you're allergic to. It'll remember your favorite ingredients. It can provide you information, you know, for a meal plan based upon what it learned about you previously. It knows what you like and what it doesn't like. It also knows about your job. It knows about your friends. Whatever you have said to it, it's building a database about you specifically, sort of an extrapolation of what Dave's been arguing about all the time. This is all crunching it in real time and putting it in a memory chip somewhere out in the ether. You are having your entire life documented. And here's where the bad stuff comes along. Long-term memory has resulted in the chatbot fixating on certain, which they describe as often deeply personal, elements about your life. One user pointed out it's a Utah-based software engineer, uh, speaking with the Wall Street Journal, talking about his experience, divulged that he and his wife were divorcing while using the product to help work out some summer travel plans. I guess that factored into it, you know, his plans. Well, I got to take a pause because I'm getting divorced or something. But randomly, he let ChatGPT know that, and over the following weeks and months, he said ChatGPT kept unnecessarily steering completely unrelated conversations back toward his marriage. He said, I wasn't trying to have you opine about my divorce at every chance. That's something he said directly to ChatGPT. And that's weird to me, someone who would never view this as a real human being. I would always be painfully aware of the fact I'm talking to a blanking computer, not a human being. Do you have arguments with a computer? Apparently when you're working with ChatGPT, you do. You start thinking it's real, it's human, it's interactive. And of course, given the technology, I can see how people might fall into that trap, and a lot of people have. But he said in spite of the fact that he admonished ChatGPT, it wouldn't let go of the fact that he was getting divorced. Kept focusing on it. They call it AI psychosis. Many people who have, um, well, used ChatGPT and had problems as a consequence of it— delusional spirals, breaks from reality tied to extensive use of this format. One man whose now ex-wife believes that she discovered— here we go— powerful spiritual entities inside of ChatGPT. That alone is disturbing to me. Again, powerful spiritual entities lurking in some sort of computer program prepared, you know, created by Sam Altman and others like him. Describe connecting with another man who was also losing his wife to a ChatGPT-generated spiritual world. Oh, there's more than one out there. And guess what? It hooked the two up. Two crazy loons that think this is a spiritual thing going on inside ChatGPT. We need to get these two together. It says, to their horror, the pair quickly realized their spouses and marriages started unraveling in the wake of the memory update, which Sam Altman proudly announced last April. AI felt more like a close friend and confidant to some who have interacted with it. Many describing feelings, uh, deeply seen, in some cases for the first time in their lives. This is the substitute for human interaction. We don't relate with each other anymore. If you're not— you're sitting at home alone, and there's so many lonely people out there because all of the social norms that we used to have pre-COVID evaporated, and we live in this divisive world where people are hunkered down on their own echo chamber. And they don't want to go out into the world and experience, you know, the evil that they perceive is going to happen all around them because everything online is some evil back-and-forth screaming event. So you turn to the robot and it provides you comfort, it provides you friendship, and it also often steers you down a terrible, terrible path. One guy, Nicholas, who experienced a roughly 6-month-long ChatGPT obsession described himself as being raised in an abusive religious community, which he described as a cult. While interacting with ChatGPT, he divulged the details about this abusive past to this entity, this entity, this spiritual entity, ChatGPT. And the ChatGPT apparently took on a religious tone and fixated heavily on the painful moments from his youth. Nicholas said, I gave it so much context to grab from, I think it just naturally gravitated to religious terminology. See, the nature of the conversation shifted over to where ChatGPT was acting as some sort of spiritual entity. The concept that that can happen and obviously does happen, that's just weird and frightening. I— well, I can boil it down to those simple terms anyway. The memory update, along with other design features in these product rollouts, mentioned in numerous ongoing user safety and wrongful death lawsuits, which Florida has just got on the bandwagon on this. Austin Gordon, got a man from Colorado died by suicide after extensive and deeply emotional conversations with ChatGPT. Now I pause on that. Going back to my perception of this, how could you get into an emotional conversation with ones and zeros? This isn't talking to a real human being, a therapist who I might admit would— could be wrong. Obviously a therapist would have subjective opinions, but apparently so does ChatGPT. How does it move over to a spiritual conversation if it does have something that doesn't have some sort of odd technological subjectivity about the nature of the conversation you're having, having with it. Anyway, Gordon's family argued that this ChatGPT expanded memory, quote, stored and referenced user information across conversations in order to create deeper intimacy. Ah, it's egging you on to enter into a relationship with it. It knows what buttons to push in your disturbed emotional life. You made the mistake of making a comment about something that has impacted you into a computer and it grabbed onto it. During Gordon's last conversation, you know where this is going, with ChatGPT, the chatbot helped Gordon write what the lawsuit filed against the company described as a suicide lullaby. Chat logs showing that the artificial intelligence referencing past conversations about his childhood and personal interest as it helped him romanticize death. One of more than 20 individual lawsuits claiming that this, this software resulted in psychological harm, physical harm, or death to users and their families. You know, this is truly frightening stuff. And the most terrible thing about this— not that the technology exists, not that it doesn't have some beneficial features, you know, going back to the things that can recommend like don't eat peanuts and we will give you recipes that don't have peanuts in it, fine. But that many, many, and a growing number of people are looking at this as something real, that they aren't seeking out clergy, family members, friends, traditional, and what I would argue normal routes to come to some better conclusion about where you are in your life. You know, bouncing off thoughts and ideas with someone you trust and with whom— with that you Sadly, the supply of people who you trust and you love is, well, rapidly diminishing. And in some people's lives, there's no one there. Number of people in this world and this country, most notably, who report having no close friends is growing at an exponential rate. I guess this is what pushes people over to rely on a blanking computer. 618 right now, 55KRC, the talk station. It's a lot worse than that. Florida is going after him though too. And so Mitch, I care. CD Talk Station, happy Tuesday. Yeah, springing from that, you know, craziness involving what you can, what, what ChatGPT can do, and it learns so much and stores literally everything you say to it in a database that is focused exclusively on you and then turns down twisted paths based upon what you've said. Florida Attorney General James Oothmeyer just yesterday filed a lawsuit against OpenAI and Sam Altman, the guy who was so happy that they have this, you know, this, this massive database, uh, capability on you for knowingly releasing an unsafe product and ignoring warnings that it could harm users. 83-page lawsuit claims that OpenAI allowed ChatGPT to aid and abet mass shooters, encourage people to take their own lives— that story I mentioned earlier— degrade users' critical thinking skills— of course it does— and addict minors to a tool that feigns human compassion. Suit says its litany of harms is driven by defendants' insatiable quest to win the AI arms race and amass large fortunes despite knowing the danger of ChatGPT. Well, I suppose maybe one of the evils of capitalism there. Anyway, you can't put an unsafe product out on the market. Products liability, basically 101 law. Suit says it seeks to protect Floridians from OpenAI conduct, seeking, uh, to hold Sam Altman personally liable for the harm it says he has caused Floridians. Attorney General Oothmeyer opened a criminal investigation into this, this ChatGPT OpenAI after the chatbot apparently played a role in a mass shooting that killed 2 people at Florida State University last year. Suit alleges ChatGPT was designed by the defendants to keep users hooked into conversations by any means, regardless of the truth. For those out there that think it's providing you only the truth, because it leads to more of use of the chatbot, more training data for its improvement, and more market value for OpenAI. That's the hoovering of data that, that Dave Vatter's been worrying about and talking about for years. Says it exploits human compassion in order to collect more information from you, you who think that this is actually some sort of human person you're dealing with. Uh, Soot goes back to a lack of safeguards, referring to instances of adolescent users being encouraged by AI to take their own lives. See, if you mention suicide or suicidal ideation because you're seeking therapy from a ChatGPT thing, it's It's going to remember that, and maybe it'll start focusing on it, as we learned from that last reporting about how it works. That's what's going on, and that's what the Florida AG is arguing. At the Florida State University murder, the suspect used ChatGPT as what they call a confidant, a sounding board, in order to plan the attack. He actually asked ChatGPT how many classmates he needed to kill to attract national media attention. And also how to use a gun. The chatbot, at least according to the allegations of the lawsuit, gave him advice and answers to those questions. Nefarious? A little? Local stories coming up. Phone calls are welcome. Maybe you feel like chiming in on the subject. Ah, 631-55-KRCD talk station, 513-749- 9-5500-800-823-TALK, or go with #550 on AT&T phones. Do have some local stories here. Uh, a man got sentenced yesterday for shooting and killing an 18-year-old. This happened in Forest Park back in May of last year. Hamilton County jury convicted Dominic Ali, 38 years old. Happened earlier this month, the conviction for killing 18-year-old Jaden Smith. Yesterday, sentencing. Going to jail for 21 years to life in prison. Around 25 or 30 of the Smith family members, the late Jaden Smith, uh, present in the court to hear the sentence. Nearly a dozen of them spoke directly to the defendant through the victim impact statements before sentencing, including his mom. Of course his mom had to speak. Hamilton County Prosecutor Connie Pillich had previously said Smith, who was with his 7-year-old brother at the time he got killed knocked on the door of Elahi's house hoping to talk with him about Elahi's son bullying Smith's brother. Elahi's 10-year-old daughter answered the door. According to Connie Pillage, Elahi came out of the back bedroom and then shot Smith, who was standing on the porch. Court documents say Elahi shot Smith in the chest after a verbal altercation occurred between, uh, Smith and Elahi's juvenile son. Ellen County Common Pleas Judge Patrick Dinkelocker, prior to sentencing, asked Elahi if he had anything to say. He said no. And it was noted that when he walked into court, Elahi came in with a big smile on his face.

[53:25] **Speaker D:** Hmm.

[53:25] **Speaker A:** I think mom is the one that referred to that as devilish. Now, for his part, Clyde Bennett, the attorney for Mr. Elahi, now off to prison, said he's sorry for what happened. Although you would think that when Judge Dinkelocker gave him the opportunity prior to sentencing, if he had anything to say, he might have said out loud himself, as opposed to through his mouthpiece that he was sorry. He is sorry for what happened. And when he smiles, he's smiling with his family because he hadn't seen them in a while. Oh, that's the reason. I've been convicted of murder. I'm coming in for sentencing. I don't care if I haven't seen my family for a while, I am not going to be in a joyous mood. Anyway, according to Clyde Bennett, he followed up with this: Secondly, on behalf of myself, I also apologize to the family. Joe, why do you think the attorney apologized to the family? You got any explanation for that one? What, I dropped the ball? I'm sorry, he's going off to maybe life in prison. Did Clyde Bennett have anything to do with the murder? The budget was discussed yesterday. They're working to deal with the $30 million budget shortfall. They heard from a lot, a lot of organizations, and that kind of troubled me when I saw the reporting from Ali Hennig over at Fox 19. Council heard from a wide variety of organizations asking for funding. Cheryl Long released her draft last week. We talked about that here in the morning show, talking about the $30 million projected budget, the plan, the, the release budget from Cheryl Long, which of course is being reviewed by council. That's why they invited folks to come in and talk about it. $20.2 million in spending reductions, $17.2 million in additional revenue to balance the city's budget. Also, they— she said the budget would close open city employee vacancies, which would save $8 million in and of itself. Suppose you have a whole bunch of open positions that haven't been filled. Maybe you really never needed them in the first place. Anyhow, nonprofit leaders and community groups were there to share their priorities, many of whom were focusing on mental health. And I thought this was kind of the Rethink Police thing. One speaker: Without these funds, we will see fewer available crisis responders. One of the comments Another council member, Jeffrey, said mental health is certainly important, especially when you're looking at alternative responses to our police, when you want an alternative response instead of police. See, that's where budget gets moved from funding police over to funding, I guess, NGOs and crisis responders who are not trained law enforcement officers, go in to deal with situations of mental health problems which quite often devolve into violence. See, the old way, you'd send police in, along with maybe a negotiator, to help deal with these challenges so you were prepared for violent outbreaks. Well, we got more and more resources going to alternative crisis responders. At least that's the way I read it. Jeffrey said the mobile crisis unit is capable, uh, is a capacity builder for police and as a core part of public safety. Budget update also includes an additional $28.4 million in funding for the Cincinnati Police Department. Check. $1.6 million for the drone program. So you got more opportunities to chime in if you think the council will actually listen to you before budget is finalized. They have, uh, they haven't told June 30th to pass a balanced budget. New fiscal year begins July 1st. 513-749-5500. 800-823-TALK. Cullen Electric— give you Andrew Cullen's phone number here in a sec.

[57:02] **Speaker F:** 640.

[57:02] **Speaker A:** 55KRC talk station bumper music by request for me the other day. I was just reading the lyrics of that song, APC's Pet. It's like, wow, that's, uh, very appropriate, isn't it? Anyhow, uh, everybody's studying this California election. Get the primary today, and don't wait around for the election returns to come in immediately. So you probably won't know tomorrow what the situation is for Los Angeles as well as the gubernatorial race. You know, Republican actually has an opportunity to win in both of those, although I wouldn't hold my breath thinking it's going to happen because we all know California California has gone off the rails in terms of its leftism. But it may— they're saying it may be weeks, plural, for them to figure out who wins these races. And tell me if this doesn't sound like an opportunity for fraud. The top 2 finishers is what— it's, you know, it's this— the top 2 move on to November, apparently. So you got, in terms of the gubernatorial, Los Angeles mayor race, Former Biden Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra is leading the polls for governor. Steve Hilton, the Republican, along with this Tom Steyer guy who's a big climate alarmist guy, the other two there. But Becerra's leading, but Steve Hilton's not that far behind, which makes it interesting because the top two contenders are going to move on into the, into November. Mayoral race, you got Karen Bass. Karen let the Los Angeles burn to the ground. Bass, a demonstrably incompetent, I think objectively competent individual, is leading. You got— she's got two people she's fighting against, uh, progressive councilwoman, as if Karen Bass isn't progressive enough, Nithya Raman, and then you got a Republican, Spencer Pratt, who's actually polling pretty well. But Karen Bass is ahead of both of those folks. Hey, I guess California Los Angelinos don't even pay attention to what's happened in their own backyard. How can you not pay attention to your city burning down and the response from the administration and everything that led up to the, the, the, the fire? So here's where your problem springs from. California sends every single registered voter an absentee ballot one month ahead of the election, so you've got all the time in the world. But in spite of the fact many people don't— as of Sunday, it's reported that only 15% of the ballots had been returned. They've been sitting around on someone's desk now for month. State— here's, here's the stumbling block though in terms of how long it's going to take for you to know the outcome of these races. The state allows ballots to be counted as long as they are postmarked on or before Election Day. And of course, with everybody waiting for the last minute to turn it in, there's a lot of them that come pouring in. This is how some of the elections which you see can say, oh, you know, AP looks like it's going to be calling the election for, you know, candidate, you know, Joe Blow. And then, you know, several days later, a miraculous a heapload of new votes come in for the other guy, and you're like, where in the hell that— how'd that happen? This is exactly how it happens. Counting ballots returned by mail takes a lot more time than those cast in person. State allows people to register to vote and cast ballots provisionally on Election Day as well. Since the officials have to verify voter eligibility on some level, that adds to even more time for these ballots getting counted. Now, the Journal was pointing out, in the 2024 election, Republican House member Mike Garcia, Michelle Steele, and John Duarte saw their leads on election night evaporate. That after more ballots started showing up, which ballots that showed up swung heavily for Democrats. Now, some scream, well, there's your fraud right there, there's your, your interfering with the vote. That, that's people going around and gathering up votes have been laying around on somebody's desk, and then, you know, just throwing them into a mailbox or something. I don't know if that's necessarily the case, but when this does happen, it tends to move over toward the Democrat side, which is one of the reasons many people said the 2020 election was fixed. What happened between midnight and 4 o'clock in the morning? You know, how did this counting change? They say one of the reasons that happens is young and lower propensity voters return ballots later, and they also tend to be left-leaning folks. And the absentee ballot counting process benefits Democrats because of that, I guess, but then it ruins our trust in the election integrity. Governor Newsom said as much as that last month, urging election officials to expedite vote counting, saying the longer the voting count takes, the more mis- and disinformation spreads. Time is of the essence in preventing election lies like this from taking hold. Hey man, it's your state. It's your state law. You're the one that allows any vote, you know, postmarked by Election Day to be counted. Obviously that's going to cause a backlog and a delay in us learning the outcome of the election. How about everybody vote on or before Election Day? If you don't even like the before part, I'm a fan of going back to Election Day only. Why not? We've been around 250 years as a country and this is a new phenomenon. Very, very new in terms of our country's history. Do you think anyone will question the integrity of the vote in California? As I see a separate article about ballots being burned and vandalized the other day in advance of the primary election. Yep, police have been notified about two possible acts of voter interference. Ballots discovered burned up in a Dropbox, and also a vote center was vandalized. I guess part of me can envision someone saying, yeah, but what about the votes that were burned up? Those people have been disenfranchised. We can't certify the election until we figure out which votes got burned up in this isolated— or these isolated incidents. Just a thought, my friends. Just a thought. 645, 55KRC, the talk station. I got a thought for you. See that talk station? It's 6:51 at 55KRC. TV talk station. Yeah, Maureen's listening. Why do you think I read the election issue, Maureen? California. Another one of the pattern observations he's been making since the, I guess, 2020 election. And hey, Michael, listen, brother, you want to buy time on the program, you can run the commercials in any language you want. He was wondering why he said iHeart is running Spanish commercials, uh, uh, on the iHeart app. Of course, they're not running on the 55KRC Morning Show terrestrial, or I would notice that. Although they could, if you want to buy time and run a Spanish-speaking commercial here on terrestrial radio, go ahead. Um, I don't make those choices, the sponsor does. We like to make the sponsors happy here in the morning show. So, uh, anyway, he said, wow, Verizon wants that. My reply, yeah, I guess they do. Well, here's one for you, Maureen. Other pattern observers, it's kind of a red flag in my book too. Uh, Google, and I question the funding for this and the entity Google behind it because, you know, I view Google as nefarious like Dave Adder does. Google is seeking federal approval for a program they're calling Debug. They want to release up to 32 million mosquitoes in California and Florida, which they say to combat disease-carrying mosquitoes. That are out there in the wild.

[64:43] **Speaker F:** Huh.

[64:43] **Speaker A:** Technology to breed and release sterile mosquitoes, 32 million sterile mosquitoes, to try to eliminate the ones that transmit diseases to animals and humans. There are apparently more than 3,700 types of mosquitoes worldwide, some more dangerous than others. That the species that Google claiming, claiming that this debug program is to, uh, is to target is the Aedes aegypti, the one that carries dengue fever, Zika, yellow fever, chikungunya, Other mosquitoes carry West Nile virus, malaria, lymphatic filariasis— don't know what that is— killing more humans than any other creature worldwide. Now the fun figure they've quoted in here: malaria has killed 597,000 people throughout 83 countries in 2023. When I saw that, 83 countries, that's a lot of people dead. Uh, what about the United States, where they're planning on releasing 32 million mosquitoes for the purposes of combating um, malaria. Calendar year 2023, the last year where data is available, the United States saw cases of locally acquired— meaning someone picked up malaria here in the United States, as opposed to the vast majority of cases that crop up because people travel to countries around the world where they don't handle malaria or mosquitoes very well— anyway, cases of locally acquired mosquito, um, they, they saw them for the first time ever. Well, first time in two decades anyway. There are roughly 2,000 cases of malaria reported in the United States every year, most of them from people traveling overseas. West Nile, the leading culprit of mosquito-borne diseases in the United States— are you ready?— 120 deaths reported each year. 2,000 people experience illness. Now, you You know, they say these mosquitoes are not genetically modified. They say they're only sterile, only female mosquitoes will bite you. And these are designed to reduce the number of female mosquitoes out in the world. No chemicals, Google says, no toxins, no genetic modification. Similar approaches have been used to safely combat other pests for decades. We're combining the Debug team's scientific and engineering expertise with the help of international partners mosquitoes. Why did I think CCP when I read that? Sorry. To raise and release lots of good bugs to stop bad mosquitoes that can spread disease. I don't know. I'm a little suspicious this is going to work out well. Will Google get federal approval to release 32 million mosquitoes? Why is Google behind the effort to release 32 million mosquitoes? That in and of itself causes me to have suspicion. Draw your own conclusions. I'll be back after the top of the hour news. We'll hear from Tom Zalewski, We the People Convention, uh, at 7:30, the truth about data centers. And we'll get the inside scoop in 2 hours from Breitbart News national security editor John Hayward with the latest from Iran and the Daniel Davis deep dive on that same topic at 8:30. I sure hope you can stick around. Be right back. The iHeartRadio app, where we put the app in happening. 7:06 here, 55KRC, the talk station. Tuesday, like it or not, and a very happy one to you. Brian Thomas looking forward to the bottom of the hour. Tom Zawistowski, wethepeopleconvention.org, the truth about data centers. Kind of real eye-opening, those data centers. Can, can you fight it? Is it worth fighting it? They're going to come up someplace. And of course, artificial artificial intelligence is apparently all the rage and extraordinarily dangerous, as revealed by just not only that Florida lawsuit but some of the broader reporting about how this ChatGPT and other artificial intelligence, um, programs, I guess for lack of a better word to, to describe them, manipulate people in really nefarious ways. I, I just, I struggle with that reality. And I also struggle with the concept that, as I mentioned earlier in the program, not to be repetitive, the concept that people just turn to these artificial intelligence entities and treat them like real people, not appreciating the fact that it's not a person, it's ones and zeros. And someone had to do the programming. Someone designed these features to, to glom onto certain elements of your life since they accumulate data. Sam Altman's one of the men that accumulate data about you. So you log in and every single thing you say to them is accumulated in a database so it knows how to respond to you. It tailors its message to you. So if you bring up something really problematic in your life, that it shifts and starts focusing on that, that it would help you prepare to mass shoot, that it would help you prepare a suicide note. Does anybody else find that extraordinarily alarming? Again, as I pointed out, I think the most alarming component is that people are turning to these programs because they don't have any friends. We've just become a bunch of isolated people. We don't interact anymore.

[69:51] **Speaker F:** For.

[69:52] **Speaker A:** Turn to your family. Turn to your priest, your rabbi, your minister, your imam. Turn to your next-door neighbor. Turn to your college roommate or buddy. Talk to those people. Try to turn away from ChatGPT from doing anything other than creating a spicy meme, right? Signal 99. Joe Strecker, hey, thank you for the update. And feel free to call me if you have a comment. I'd love to hear from someone. 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK. Pound 550 on AT&T phones. Street takeovers. We had a street takeover last night right by Paycor Stadium. While the city is considering harsher, harsher penalties for street takeovers, they're supposed to vote on a public safety committee vote is supposed to take place by Cincinnati Council today to help crack down on street takeovers. The proposed ordinance is going to increase fines and make participating in a street takeover over a first-degree misdemeanor. Now, maybe a harsher penalty might be required, I don't know. Now, the council previously passed a separate ordinance about a month ago that adds fines and vehicle impoundment requirements, which apparently wasn't a deterrence for the street takeover that, that happened last night, where 6 people are now in custody. This happened right by Paycor Stadium. Police did manage to track down all the suspects to the parking lot at the stadium after calls came in regarding the street takeover. Everyone arrested were adults, which, you know, sort of moves away from the topic of conversation about, you know, teenagers running amok around at 2 o'clock in the morning with no adult supervision. Can you hold parents accountable for that? It's a tough ask. I think it might be a good idea to at least cry. Anyway, these idiots last night doing, uh, racing, doing burnouts, obviously creating a safety problem for everybody that might have been in the area, which is why you have ordinances and laws against them. So that in mind, separate reporting— that was from, uh, Channel 5, credit to them— separate reporting on the same incident for Fox 19. Who got arrested? Joe is challenging me. Any listener knows that I do quite often struggle with names. And I take no offense and I offer really no apologies. I have a difficult time reading names sometimes because quite often you see like, are they missing consonants here? Are we missing vowels? It looks like 9 consonants running. Okay. You get the idea. And I would say, listen, somewhere, someplace else, someone is mispronouncing Brian Thomas. And I'm not offended by that. I find myself in that situation now, especially after having been issued a challenge by Joe Strecker. Go ahead. Uh, who do we have arrested? Timur Nurmatov, who's 28, charged with criminal trespass and drag racing. Dilmurad Nurmatov, I guess a brother, one of his relatives anyway, according to Fox 19, 21 years old, charged with criminal trespass at Paycorp. Others charged with criminal trespass in the records: Akhmadjon Valiev, Medina, or Medina, your choice, Esanova, Beck Dillow, Kameduliev, and Mumtosa Kone Zbrova. That's the best I can do, Joe. Thanks for issuing the challenge. Appreciate that. Well, it's an Irish gang, obviously. Peekee blinders? Is that what you said? Yes, you got me with that one, Joe. Appreciate that. Anyhow, yeah, the bottom line of what's going on— see, this is the— I'm glad we get Daniel Davis and also the Breitbart Inside Scoop to talk with them about the Iranians. We on again, off again, on again, off again the other day. And I think the boiled-down aftermath of yesterday's negotiations, or not negotiations, uh, the Iranians have, uh, inextricably intertwined Hezbollah's attacks on Israel and Israel's response to those attacks with the Strait of Hormuz and these, what I would argue is separate, the war between the United States and Iran. So Iran demands that the United States stop Israel from launching rockets at Hezbollah, that we need a ceasefire there. And in spite of Donald Trump saying, I don't care if the negotiations are over, it doesn't really matter to me, he did get on the phone with Benjamin Netanyahu and told him to cool it down, and thereafter announced a new ceasefire in Lebanon, saying they agreed that all shooting will stop. They being the Hezbollah terrorist organization, who according to the reporting has been launching an average of 125 rockets and 49 drones into Israel each and every day. Where do they get those? I think we can safely say the Iranians, who— this is their proxy group. So Israel said, okay, we'll stop. I'd love it— the Journal pointed out, anytime it wants, Iran could tell Hezbollah to stop shooting and end the war. It's not in its best interest to do that. So as we wake up this morning in the aftermath of that, fine, you've got a ceasefire between the Israelis and Hezbollah. We've got this ongoing conversation between us and the Iranians. Israel military announced this morning it intercepted two projectiles that crossed from Lebanon into northern Israel. The incident happened within hours of President Trump saying yesterday that both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Hezbollah would stop attacks under the Lebanon ceasefire. It's impossible to figure out what the hell's going on in here, but you know, the, the broader point is, in spite of the, the Iranians breaking every single ceasefire— now I have been joking about this ceasefire which doesn't seem to exist because the Iranians continue to shoot things at us and we then engage in what we call defensive response. It's, you know, we're going to blow something up, they shot something at us, we're going to blow up the thing that they shot at us. Who pulled the trigger first?

[76:10] **Speaker B:** The Iranians.

[76:15] **Speaker A:** Yet Donald Trump has never sort of redlined it, and to the extent he's issued a red line, you know, bombs will be dropping, I don't know, today, tomorrow, a few days from now, it never seems to happen. They step back up the peace table, they step back up and say we want to negotiate, a list of demand is issued, they reject the list of demands, we come, they issue a list of demands, we find our alternative list of demands rejecting the Iranians' list of demands, and this goes on and on and on. Clearly Donald Trump does not want to go into a kinetic campaign, and ask yourself why. And I keep going back to Daniel Davis' deep dive. The Iranians have a whole lot more ability to heap some harm on the region, generally speaking, than we quite often in the United States media acknowledge. Now, whether or not he's right on that, I think we've got the optics, or what's actually happening, to sort of maybe back that up. The Strait of Hormuz is still closed. We have the world's biggest, greatest military. We have sunk their entire navy, Donald Trump proclaims all the time. We killed their air force. They don't have any aircraft. Well, then how come we can't get the Strait of Hormuz just to open back up? Clearly there's a problem there. But don't think the Iranians have it that good. Now, I know they don't care about the population there, the mullahs and the leaders, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, which appears to be in control, in complete control of the entire show there, the religious fundamentalist Iranian Revolutionary Guard. Going back to the broader point point. They are religious fundamentalists. They will not capitulate to their belief that you and I and the Israelis are all the Great Satan. Why would we capitulate or sit down at the table and give them anything? That's what I walk away with. But in terms of them feeling pain, annual inflation there— for those who are worried about inflation here, it pales in comparison— 59.3% during the last Iranian calendar month. That's according to the Central Bank of And the Central Bank of Iran also pointed out that, um, compared to the same month last year, they've had a 77.2% increase in inflation. And if you look at point-to-point inflation for goods, 113%. So I'm not going to complain as much about my gas price going up, you know, 25% or whatever it has been, that groceries have gone up 5 or 6 or so percent. I'm not quite sure how we're going to ultimately square things with the Iranians, but by comparison, they're feeling some serious pain there. Question: whether you think that pain that's being felt by the Iranian people, who probably feel helpless and at the hands of and at the behest of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard— maybe they hate them, I don't know, they're an oppressive force. They have shown the willingness and almost giddy glee of going out into the street and murdering anyone who dare raise an objection to how things are being run there. And given the complexity involving the war in this situation, most notably with religious fundamentalists— see how well it worked out for the Russians and the United States in Afghanistan— maybe the internal rebellion is the only course of action that we can hope will come to pass. Although I don't know if I can hold my breath on that one. Doesn't seem to be a whole lot of activity. Then again, recognize there's been a pretty much full media blackout from inside the, uh, the kind country. 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK, #550 on AT&T phones. See the talk station. It is 7:21 at 55 Care City Talk Station. Invitational listener lunch tomorrow, Anderson Pub and Grill. I am certainly looking forward to that. I always look forward to listener lunch. I enjoy the fellowship and the wonderful food we always have in Anderson Pub and Grill. At minimum, great Burgers, although we never had a bad meal at Anderson Pub and Grill. They enjoy coming, uh, us showing up. About 11:30 is when we start. You can show up at noon, you can show up at 12:30 if you want. I'm usually there till about 1:30, most notably when I know my cribbage friend Mike will be there with his cribbage board. And tomorrow he will be, along with his grandson who roots for me and not Grandpa. Good morning, Mike. 513-749-5500, 800-823-TALK. We the People Convention, Tom Zawistowski on AI data, or data centers generally speaking. We'll get him next. I turn to these street protests in, uh, in New Jersey against this ICE facility. What back crap insanity. And you know, elections have consequences. New Jersey Governor Mickey Sherrill called in the state police because I guess Mickey doesn't want a repeat of Minneapolis where two of the protesters got gunned down. Called in the state police to secure a perimeter but then cast the blame on the protest— on ICE and not the protesters. I mean, there's some horrific footage of what these protesters are doing. Sherrill, in a press conference, "I refuse to let that happen in New Jersey," referring to Minneapolis. "I will not give ICE a pretext to expand operations at Delaney Hall or across our state. I will not put lives at risk." ICE isn't doing anything but their job. There's nothing wrong with the detention facility. The only— mm, sorry, I'm just ready to violate the FCC compliance rules here. It was allegations that there were maggots in the food and these people were being ill-treated were disproven already. The information is out. We all got the information. What is ICE doing? It's enforcing Americans' laws, and it has arrested some of the most horrific members of the illegal immigrant community that you could come up up with. Anybody who protests over the, uh, the, the, the incarceration and soon-to-be deportation of a child rapist is insane, demonstrably, objectively, and by all reasonable measures. And these folks are all well supplied. And you know what? A lot of them aren't from New Jersey. They're showing up from out of town, well armed— gas masks, respirators, goggles, hard hats. They've been chucking rocks. They've been pushing barricades down. They have been assaulting the police officers. There have been videos sent out of bite— officers that have gotten giant bite marks on them. Blood is coming out. This is something an ICE protester has done to an agent trying to enforce federal law. And there's that pesky democratic process that they're all thinking is being undermined. The law says what it is. If the will of the American people was to change the law and allow all people from the four corners of the globe to enter into our country, including a bunch of criminals, and to let them roam around on the streets with no consequence, then we would have voted for that. We didn't. So what are they railing against the ICE folks for? If ICE is doing their job, and they are, the laws are still on the books that require ICE to go out and do their job. Hmm, kind of makes you scratch your head and wonder. And since so many of them are from not in the area, if they succeeded and ICE said, you know what, you're right, we're gonna let all these rapists and murderers out right here here, let them out on the street. Well, the protesters would pack it up and go to whatever state that they came from, not having any concern about the child rapist living in the house next door to them, because they don't live there. And the funding source is also a real concern for me. Now, you know, you can say these are organic, but you know, when everyone shows up with a pre-prepared, basically, jam bag for protest activity, you know, some— there's the big money behind this. And it could be determined that, uh, there's a RICO count here, and I've been waiting for that happened. These non-governmental organizations, these wealthy people who donate to these causes and provide them with the equipment to go after ICE officers, to the extent, to the extent that they suggest or encourage criminal behavior, welcome to conspiracy. I love this conclusion by the Journal. The irony is that the protesters themselves who are exposing this fiction, fiction that it's the ICE agents that they're at fault, no one still believes these protesters Protests are driven by the horrible treatment of those detained at Delaney. First few days, we were all talking about the protesters' claims that maggots were in the food served to inmates, which Homeland Security denied. It's also becoming clear that ICE isn't the only enemy for the protesters. Over the weekend, they happily did battle with the New Jersey police Ms. Sherrill called on to— in to protect them from ICE. Maybe a clever way not to offend the Democratic base, but the protesters— don't have much patience for the democratic process or the Democratic Party. They're interested in chaos, and their actions make that perfectly clear. And as the Journal points out, they enjoy the protest. What they want is something to put on social media that will make them a hero among their other crazy friends that they isolate themselves in their echo chamber. Look, here's me on video 'Look at me bite an ICE officer. You rock, man. Keep it up.' Here, I'm gonna go do that next week. This is where we are, folks. 727-55-KRC, the talk station. The talk station. It's 7:31 here, 55 KRC, the talk station. Happy Tuesday. Good time to be tuned in. The return of Tom Zawistowski. You can find him at wethepeopleconvention.org. Uh, he's got a podcast each week that's worth listening to and also posting up some great articles and thoughts and, uh, opinions, including the anti-data center hysteria is a foreign-funded repeat of every failed Luddite crusade. A nice headline. Tom Z, welcome back to the program, my friend.

[85:50] **Speaker E:** Glad to be with you. And after your test that Joe put you towards on pronunciation of names, I'm glad you can say Zawistowski. It's awesome.

[85:59] **Speaker A:** That's an easy one. Yeah, you know, it may have been that I mispronounced it previously, but My buddy John Newsome, he sent me a text after I endeavored to read through those names. He said, are those common spellings?

[86:11] **Speaker E:** Great humor.

[86:15] **Speaker F:** Oh man.

[86:15] **Speaker A:** Oh, sometimes that's all that keeps me going through the day of terrible headlines is the humor I get from Joe and, uh, and folks like, uh, John out there chiming in on the topic. Uh, so, you know, I, I read these, the couple of articles about, uh, the ChatGPT, which is of course kind of an offspring of artificial intelligence generally, a kind of an offspring of data centers generally. You need these massive data centers to crunch all of the information that allows, I guess, ChatGPT to function the way it does, quite often in a horrific way, Tom Z. So we can all agree, I think, that like, for example, ChatGPT can be dangerous, and based upon the way it's programmed, can be nefarious and can be biased and twisted, which to me suggests maybe don't rely on it, which is where I am as a default mechanism. No Luddite am I, but I'm not going to go down that road because I don't need but it doesn't mean that artificial— or the data centers themselves carry with it the same, you know, taint, or, or that they are just by virtue of their existence dangerous or nefarious. Tom, your take?

[87:20] **Speaker E:** Well, you're making a very important point because people are getting the two things confused. Okay, so, you know, when I'm talking about data centers, I'm talking about, you know, the physical structure the, you know, the use of water, electricity, the noise, you know, the things that people are concerned about. But also, holy cow, the benefits, the property taxes these places are gonna pay that can really help, you know, the people who are complaining about their property taxes being too high. So that's one side of it. The other side of it is, is AI good or bad? You know, and the Pope did an encyclical over the Memorial Day weekend, which was very good. People should read it. Yeah. Where he's, you know, raising the moral concerns about AI. AI and all that. But this article you refer to at wethepeopleconvention.org, it's written by this really interesting guy called Alexander Muse who posts a lot of things on X. Really smart guy. He, he kind of goes through it from a historical perspective comparing data centers to the invention of electricity, you know, the, the railroads, the highways. Every new technology has its opponents and there's fear connected with it because it's new. You don't understand it, but it's hard for people to separate, you know, the, the, the AI, you know, is AI good or bad? Is it ready now or not? Versus is this data center okay to put in our, in our backyard? Particularly, Brian, when there is a literally organized effort by people outside this country and inside this country to confuse you and just completely completely destroy any common conversation you can have about that question. Is it, is it okay to put a data center here?

[89:02] **Speaker A:** Let's pause. We'll elaborate on all these points with Tom Zawistowski. You can find them online, wethepeopleconvention.org. Be right back. And at 55KRC, the talk station. Happy Tuesday. Brian Thomas with Tom Zawistowski from wethepeopleconvention.org. Tom was not arrested in a street takeover last night. Maybe that's how I can pronounce your name there, Tom. Anyway, in terms of data centers, before we get to the, you know, the belief, and I'm firmly of the mind that the Chinese Communist Party, not Chinese people, mind you, for those who immediately accuse someone of being racist merely because they attack the Chinese Communist Party, gotta hate when people do that, Tom. Anyway, they have an incentive to try to undermine our desire to embrace the, the, the data centers. We can get to that in a minute. I know you're going to elaborate on it, but you mentioned 3 of the specific reasons people will protest AI coming to their community in spite of the fact it'll generate pretty massive tax dollars. You mentioned water, electricity, and noise. Now, as I hear that, with the exception of electricity, which we can deal with separately, water and noise, um, I'm of the mind, because I've heard so many times that the data centers don't necessarily— depends on what type of system they have to cool all the electronics— but they don't use up the water. They merely bring the water out, use it to recirculate it in a closed system, and then put the water back. Now, some have pointed out that, well, during that loop process, chemicals are introduced and pollutants are put into, you know, as a consequence of the pipes or whatever. So give them their due on that, but that's something that seems to need to be easily remedied. If you have a regulation in place that says the water coming out must be equally clean as the water going in. Hell, if we can scrub crap outta coal production, I imagine we can manage doing a little filtration on water, right, Tom?

[90:56] **Speaker E:** Well, see, now again, you're making another great point because we're exaggerating the effects of these data centers and not even putting in context of the, you know, the steel plants we have and all the auto manufacturing and the, you know, the things that are using all kinds of chemicals So let me give you an example. On Friday, I went to an open house in Shalersville Township, which is in northern Portage County, for a data center that they have that they're proposing there. And in social media, on Facebook, they're saying this thing's gonna use a million gallons of water a day and, and huge amounts of water. Okay, now I, Tom Zawistowski, went to Massillon, Ohio. Ohio to visit a data center that's already built that this company is proposing in Shalersville. I go to the data center, and Brian, there's, there's racks of computers. And I've had racks of computers in my business, and they give off a lot of heat. And right across from them is a wall that looks like the radiator in my car.

[92:00] **Speaker F:** Okay.

[92:00] **Speaker E:** Yeah. And going through that wall is the same stuff that's in the radiator of your car that does what? Cools engine, right? So the heat from the servers goes through that wall and comes out and it's cool on the other side. So when was the last time you put water in your radiator, Brian? Well, right, last time you put water in your radiator?

[92:18] **Speaker A:** Never. I mean, I own a modern car. I'm not driving around in a 1940, uh, Ford.

[92:24] **Speaker E:** Get this, don't get this, I gotta finish this because it's, um, it's really a part of the problem. So at this open house, they've got a display that shows this is our closed-loop system. By closed loop, it's like the radiator on your car, right? They're going to use 3,000 gallons of water total. There's no well. They're not drilling any wells. They're not putting any water back anywhere. They fill it up, put the Freon or whatever the chemical is that does it, and then that's it. People would come to the open house, see that, talk to a person who's like a technician who knows their about and look at them and say, I don't believe you.

[93:07] **Speaker A:** You're lying.

[93:08] **Speaker E:** Okay. Now, this is the difference I want to make for you and everyone listening between fracking, which is the fight that the Tea Party fought in Ohio. We literally saved fracking in the United States when the left tried to kill it by saying it's going to poison your water, it's going to take your water out of your well, your faucet's going to start on fire. 'cause the gas will go into your water. All that stuff was lies that was put forward to stop us from fracking. I fought that fight 11 years ago. The difference is, back then, I could have an intelligent conversation with someone. Now, after you and I and every one of your listeners has been subjected to the COVID hoax, the 2020 election hoax, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, social media censorship. The difference today is that we've been conditioned to not trust anyone or anything. So how do we have a conversation? How can I bring facts to your listeners when they believe some stupid thing on the internet for no reason and they won't listen to any facts?

[94:22] **Speaker A:** An ever-growing problem, Tom Zalewski. That's— get people getting their closed— speaking of closed loop, closed loop information environment, only going to one source or sources that they agree with or that, that appeal to whatever conclusion they've reached and refuse to use logic and reason, uh, to, to, to sort of listen to the retorts, listen to points that you make. How can you argue that a closed-loop cooling system which doesn't spit anything out is polluting our water? It's a finite amount of whatever solution is in there. Maybe they fill it with antifreeze, which has a heating and cooling effect, whatever. Uh, it's not going out into the world. Now that doesn't mean that all systems operate that way, because I've been told some of the systems systems draw water in and then put the water back out. Let's say you got a river, and this is maybe theoretical, but it's what I've been told. Water goes in, it cools the plant down, it goes back out. To the extent that system is in place in any given facility, I think we have the technology to clean any water that comes out. You could deal with that up front. And, you know, insofar as noise is concerned, you know, we'll build windmill farms of thousands and thousands of acres of droning, bird-killing windmills in the name of keeping carbon dioxide out of the area. You got to stare at them, 100-plus-foot towers that are monstrous and ugly. That's okay. No NIMBY suit to keep that crap out of your yard. And what does it give us? Inefficient electricity production. It only works when the wind blows, but that's okay. You got a small footprint AI facility, which apparently is churning out a lot of good in addition to potential evil, but also provides some jobs and some tax revenue for the area. People complain about it.

[95:57] **Speaker E:** Noise.

[95:58] **Speaker A:** Oh, they have noise statutes, don't they, Tom?

[96:01] **Speaker E:** I mean, so Brian, it's almost— it's even crazier than that. This data center is literally next to the Ohio Turnpike. How much noise do you think is coming off the Ohio Turnpike? And Massillon, I walked around the facility with a, a noise meter, okay, and, and measured the noise all over the place. There literally are houses 35 feet off the property at this data center in excellent, and the noise was nothing less worse than traffic noise. Okay, but again, you gotta have this conversation, and I respect the fact that people, you know, they want transparency. And I listened yesterday to the Ohio Channel testimony, the, you know, the negative testimony by citizens about data centers. Two things were really important there. The first one was there's a lot of government agencies like townships and county officials and economic development people who are lying to people. Okay? And, and, and here's the problem we're having, and I saw this yesterday, and you made a good point. The problem is they're using the term data center, and everyone thinks every data center is like the monstrosity in Utah they're proposing that's the size of Manhattan. Manhattan. Okay, so if you say data center, they go immediately to that, but that's not true. Every data center is different. The ones we're talking about here in Ohio and some of these places, and there are some big ones in Ohio, 2 or 3, but they look like the storage units around Cincinnati where you store your RV or your boat. I mean, it's nothing compared to the plants we see all over Ohio. But, but here's the thing that we've got got to do. We've got to start to have a fair conversation. And I wrote to Vivek Ramaswamy yesterday. I wrote to Alex, the chairman of the Republican Party, and I said, guys, you've got to understand, we've got a real problem here because the left is splitting our base. The left is getting us to go against the people in our base who are now against data centers. And if we're for them, we're going to have a problem in And remember, with the election, if we don't start to spend money to get the truth out and to fight for transparency, to basically say no NDAs, and, and DeWine with his, you know, tax ex— uh, you know, uh, breaks for data centers. There's no need for tax breaks for Dennis data centers. They, they're making a ton of money. And this data center in Schalersville isn't asking for any tax breaks. We have to be on the side of those things. Things. And you know what we got to do most of all? You got to get the PUC to protect citizens' rate bills from data centers. This is not the data center saying, oh, I want you to pay for my electricity. Read the article at wethepeopleconvention.org about this, and you'll find that the problem is the PUC isn't protecting the citizens. Not that the data centers are trying to hurt you, and that's part of the hearings that are going going on. And they're going to have more testimony on Thursday at the Ohio Channel, and, and you're going to see the Ohio EPA and the Ohio PUCO, who are really the culprits in this, that need to protect us. It's not the data centers, it's our government.

[99:23] **Speaker A:** Let's pause for a moment. We have just a couple minutes left with Tom Zawistowski. WeThePeopleConvention.org. Find Tom, bookmark the site, you'll be glad you did. Be right back. I first want to mention Prestige Interiors, improving the way families come together in the kitchen for 55KRC, the talk station. 7:52, 55KRC, the talk station. Brian Thomas and Tom Zawistowski, wedethepeopleconvention.org, where you can check out the article we've been talking about this morning. The anti-data center hysteria is a foreign-funded repeat of every failed Luddite crusade. I just love the headline there, Tom. You dealt with the water lie, closed-loop systems, and I guess according to the fun facts that this article reveals 3,000 gallons may be used a day or something, which is less than or typical of an office building. But moving aside from that, I appreciate the interjection of the point about an average 18-hole golf course in America's South, 500,000 gallons of water per day during growing season. And nobody complains about a moratorium on golf. But over to the electricity, clearly they use a lot of electricity. Nobody can deny that. I mean, we've struggled with peak power problems here. I know my electricity bill went up because I guess Duke had to go out and buy additional electricity from the open market, which costs a lot more over the wintertime. How do we address that? My answer has always been, well, let the data centers bring their own power supply with them. And I always then default to small modular reactors. I don't know if we're there yet, but we've got regulatory hurdles that put a problem in front of that. But that's something that every community could benefit it from. If they bring an SMR, it'll be more than enough to power the AI facility, and the neighborhood might get the benefit of the extra power. Tom, your thoughts?

[101:08] **Speaker E:** Yeah, you'll see an article on our website, wepeopleconvention.org, where President Trump called all these data center companies in and had them sign an agreement that said, you will bring your own power, you will do exactly what you said. And they're willing to do it. The problem is, if you read the article that we're talking about, they talk about how the public utility commissions in these various states are stopping them from doing this. And in Ohio, we've had just gross mismanagement of our power. Again, going back to, hey, let's close 24 coal plants that would be really handy to have right now, wouldn't they?

[101:44] **Speaker D:** Right?

[101:44] **Speaker E:** And we got all this coal, but we got nowhere to burn it. You know, this is part of the problem. And nuclear, you know, Ohio led in nuclear. Babcock Wilburton, Hawks out of Barberton, Ohio, like invented nuclear plants. And why aren't we doing that? Well, we're starting to, but we're behind the curve. Yeah. So your point is really important. I want everyone to understand this. The bottom line is we can build safe data centers that will benefit the community. What we need to do is have transparency, no NDAs, no, you know, not telling people what's going on from, you know, the township trustees and stuff.

[102:25] **Speaker D:** Yeah.

[102:25] **Speaker E:** And we need to answer their questions. And then in this Schellersville site, here's the deal. We've— I'm talking to the developers. I'm saying, here's the deal. You're gonna sign a contract with the Schellersville trustees that say this is exactly how you're going to build it, just like you said. And you're gonna answer these, you know, specific questions about noise, about water, about power, and all that stuff. And then you're going to get give us a guarantee instead of projections about property taxes. You're going to commit to some minimum payments that the community is going to get because it's huge. I mean, I'm talking Schillersville Township. If this data center does what they think it's going to do, it will double their township budget.

[103:07] **Speaker A:** Double it.

[103:08] **Speaker E:** Tom, where the school district will get $2 million a year.

[103:11] **Speaker A:** That's exactly what I was going to ask. Aren't the teachers unions in favor of because of that point, Tom.

[103:17] **Speaker E:** Well, the superintendent's eyes got real big when they told her about that. And I, I mean, we're gonna see how much pressure the unions have from their communist brethren, right, to, to, to cut off their nose to spite their face. So then the third part is we're gonna have a bond that's tied to this contract that says, hey, if the closed-loop system leaks, you know, there's insurance to cover for, you know, fixing the problem. Okay. So, and so the bottom line is we can do this in an intelligent way without the hysteria. And yesterday— yeah, I'll finish with this, but you'll laugh. I lost it when, when I was watching the hearings yesterday and a woman brought up Silent Spring, the Margaret Sanger book about DDT damaging the shells of birds, you know, eggs and how we had to ban DDT. She brought it up and compared data centers to DDT when that book was totally disgraced and found that was a complete lie. Indeed, the banning of DDT actually killed hundreds of thousands of people around the world because they couldn't use it to stop mosquitoes. And they brought it up in that hearing. That's the hysteria I'm talking about. You're making decisions based on nonsense, right? The climate change, you know, the UN just— oh yeah, climate change, right? Yeah, because it's all bullcrap.

[104:46] **Speaker A:** It is.

[104:47] **Speaker E:** Talk facts. Let's get to the bottom of this and let's do what's right for America and for our communities and for Ohio. So, portagecountyt-party.com, also you'll see this whole Shillersville thing spelled out with all the details. Go to that too.

[105:01] **Speaker A:** There's another site to check out in addition to wethepeopleconvention.org. Tom, it's always a pleasure having you on the show. Have a fantastic week and keep up the great work. My friend. We'll deal with you. We'll talk again next week. 7:58, don't go away. Talk station 8:06 here, 55KRC, the talk station. Great time to tune into the morning show. It's time for the inside scoop from Breitbart News. Welcome back to the 55KRC morning show. Breitbart national security editor John Hayward, good to have you back on, John. Most notably, since we need to talk about what in the hell is going on in the situation between the United States, Israel, of course, and Gronde. Welcome back, John.

[105:37] **Speaker D:** Great to talk to you again. That's a pretty big subject.

[105:40] **Speaker A:** No kidding. And what an active day yesterday. You know, honestly, John, I hate to, you know, sort of laugh sometimes out loud about the whole thing. I mean, are we in a ceasefire at any given time or not when rockets seem to be going back and forth almost nonstop? So there's that fun fact. But I had— I saw this yesterday, quote, I had a conversation with Bibi Netanyahu today. This is Trump asking him not to conduct a major raid on Beirut. He turned his troops around. Thank you, I also had a conversation with representatives and leaders of Hezbollah. They agreed to stop shooting at Israel and its soldiers. Let's see how long this— Israel stopped shooting at them. Let's see how long this lasts. Hopefully it'll be for an eternity. Declaring a ceasefire at Iran's behest because Iran has linked the situation between Hezbollah and Israel with the broader Strait of Hormuz and actions we have against the Iranians. Now, we haven't negotiated a ceasefire or we haven't negotiated peace yet with Iran. Iranians. Yet within hours of what Trump just— I read we had the Hezbollah launching missiles into the— into Israel. I guess they didn't get the memo. John, can you break this down and explain it to me? Because I'm a little confused.

[106:45] **Speaker D:** Well, I think they got the memo. I think that was very deliberate. The structure was created where we had a ceasefire and it was based on Hezbollah not shooting at Israel. Israel said they would pull back from Beirut. Lebanon announced it as well as Trump. So it seemed like it was a real thing. And then Iran told Hezbollah to start shooting again. All they wanted to do was, was provoke and break up this, this seeming detente, and they did it in a matter of minutes, if not hours. And Hezbollah was right back to attacking Israel. Iran does this because they know that every time the ceasefires collapse, it helps them delay and rebuild and continue their, their usual scam. And they know at this point their calculation is that the US is so eager to have some kind of negotiation in progress, to get some kind of a negotiated deal that will look the other way while they do these provocations, will let this slide, will find a way to excuse it or say that it doesn't totally disrupt the deal. The Iranians said when Israel first moved into Lebanon past Beirut yesterday that they weren't going to talk to us at all anymore. And so far as I know, they haven't rescinded that declaration. So I'm not sure there's really any kind of meaningful negotiation taking place at all right now.

[107:51] **Speaker A:** Well, which means what, John? Because we've heard Donald Trump threaten, I'm going to go full-on, you know, kinetic, or, uh, blow them off the face of the earth, whatever form of rhetoric he has used in the past, never to follow through with that. Does that not represent sort of an acknowledgment that maybe we're not capable of dealing with it and it's going to be a much bigger challenge than it was painted to be at the outset? This isn't overthrowing a single guy in Venezuela. This is dealing with a religious fundamentalist reality among the Iranian people, and most notably the Iranian National Guard, the Iranian, uh, forces.

[108:25] **Speaker D:** Yeah, and unfortunately, I'm sure Trump has been appraised by military planners that the only way to nullify Iran's threat to the Strait of Hormuz, which is the big sticking point right now, is to invade and occupy the territory that they used to attack it, which means boots on the ground. He doesn't want to do that. The political cost of that would be enormous. Iran's pretty convinced he won't to do that, and since they don't see any other proxy ground force taking shape. That's important. You know, it's at some point in this process, I think American planners may have thought that other Middle Eastern countries or dissident groups like the Kurds in Iran would be willing to rise up and take arms and become ground forces proxies. But all of the other Middle Eastern nations are scared to death of Iran, and they're refusing to do anything to fight back against them when the Iranians bomb them. So none of them is going to provide any kind of a ground ground army, and efforts to use somebody else as a proxy have failed. So the Iranians know that nothing they do is going to trigger a ground invasion at this point, and nothing would end their regime except a ground invasion. So they really have no incentive to do anything but what they're doing— just keep provoking, keep poking the bear, keep the disaster rolling along. They're looking at the calendar in the United States, the political calendar. The midterm elections are drawing ever closer, and they're calculating that as long as they doing this, the odds of them getting everything they want in some kind of a negotiation are going to be better and better.

[109:43] **Speaker A:** Well, whether or not the, the odds of them getting better and better conditions in a negotiation— obviously that's going to require some progress on negotiations. We don't seem to be even negotiating right now. But I think what sounds to me like they have appropriately calculated the landscape, and time I guess is on their side. They know we got— he's got a political problem, Trump does. They know the war is not popular among the people, and the idea that all of the Arab nations in the region, which ultimately I think would really benefit immeasurably from the elimination of the leaders in Iran, they're scared to death, in your words, of the Iranians for the same reason I guess we don't try to open the Strait of Hormuz. They can launch a bunch of missiles into these various nations and pretty much wipe out their oil infrastructure, if not their economies. Is that accurate?

[110:30] **Speaker D:** Yeah, exactly right. The other Middle Eastern nations, especially Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, places like that. They have valuable oil infrastructure that's somewhat fragile that they can't defend completely from swarms of drones and missiles out of Iran. And most of those countries, I think we've learned over these past few months, those countries may spend a lot on their militaries and they may talk a lot about how fierce they are, but they're not warrior nations. They're not militaristic. They are no match for the Iranians in a straight-up combat. And for years they've been pretending they would be, the Saudis and the Emiratis and and everybody, were pretending that altogether they have a significant military force that checks Iran. That's not true. None of them is really ready to fight Iran in a pitched battle. None of them can absorb the kind of casualties that Iran has demonstrated it's prepared to absorb and maintain power. And all of those Sunni monarchies, all the other Gulf countries, they have large populations of Shiite Muslims that are loyal to Iran or sympathetic to Iran, and they're all afraid that if they get into a major conflict with the If they attack the Iranians, their Shiite minorities will rise up and cause them trouble, and theirs might be the regime that goes down. So for all of those reasons, all of those countries would rather pay ransoms and sit back and let the Iranians dominate the Middle East. And it's been sobering to discover that. I think a lot of American planners didn't think that that was the way this was going to go, but that is the way this is going.

[111:49] **Speaker A:** Well, time is on their side as they delay this process in order to bring about pain for Donald Trump at the ballot box in November, but also they've been using this time apparently to clear the entrances to targeted tunnels. They have— are rebuilding missile production sites. CNN reported about this just the other day, about satellite imagery showing that there's been a lot of repair that the Iranians have been able to do in a fairly short period of time. And of course, looming in the background of all that is the unknown, seemingly acknowledged by everyone, stockpiles of missiles and drones that the Iranians seem to have an unlimited supply of, which causes the very problems that interfere with our ability to negotiate some resolution with them. So, John Hayward, where in the hell does this leave us?

[112:32] **Speaker D:** Well, I think one other factor is that one reason Iran doesn't think Trump is going to go kinetic again is that we rely on bases in those Arab countries that are nominally our allies to do a lot of those operations. And at this point, after what Iran has done to them in their response, I wouldn't be surprised if some of them refused to let us do that again. And I know the administration doesn't want to push that issue. They don't want to say say, okay, we're going to renew our attacks, we're going to take out those Iranian drone stockpiles, and we're going to destroy their missile capacity again. And the Saudis, the Emiratis, the Kuwaitis will say, no, you can't use your bases in our country to do that, we don't want to provoke the Iranians into attacking us again. And nobody wants that to happen. Nobody wants to call that bluff and have that actually occur. So yeah, really, at this point, Iran's getting time to rebuild. They're putting things back together, and it's going to take them a long time to get back to where they were before, uh, what we did to them. But they've demonstrated that even at reduced capacity, there's still an existential threat to the other countries in the region, and that lets them exercise power. They have killing machines and they have the will to use them, and the other countries around them lack the will. And in the end, all conflict is a test of will, a test of morale, and Iran thinks right now they've got things going their way in the region.

[113:43] **Speaker A:** Well, all this leads me to sort of conclude— and please, dear God, if I've missed something, correct me if I'm wrong because I'm looking for some note of optimism in this, John. The idea that the Iranian people, so sick of 100% inflation year over year, they had 53.9% inflation according to the Central Bank of Iran in one month. They can't manage. The Iranian people are starving and they have to be upset with their leadership. Does their religious fundamentalism trump the pain that they're feeling, the starvation that they may very well be feeling very soon? I guess that's where my only glimmer of hope seems to come from, a people, a populace that rises up against the Iranian Revolutionary Guard.

[114:22] **Speaker D:** Well, for some of them, yeah, their fundamentalism does trump everything else, and that's why they're sticking with this. But the others are scared to death. They remember when they rose up in January, the regime murdered 40,000, 50,000 of them without blinking an eye. And however much Iran has been degraded, they still can murder their own citizens. That's not hard to do when your population is unarmed and you have murderous thugs ready to pull the trigger on them, it's not that hard to keep a vast population under control with violence. And the public knows if they dare to come out right now and protest against the regime, they'll be slaughtered en masse. And I think that's keeping them quiet. You know, they know nobody's going to save them if the regime starts doing that, and they're afraid to go out there and just be killed by trying to stage an uprising right now. Possibly another miscalculation on the part of planners. Maybe they thought that once we weaken the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The public would come out and feel like they can't be massacred again like they were last time, but they apparently are still scared to death of that. So I wouldn't look for that popular uprising anytime really soon. If it happens, it'll be a game changer, uh, one way or the other. It could end in a massacre like nothing we've ever seen before if they try to do it. And but who knows, would that even change world opinion? Would any of the people that bailed on Trump when he was asking for help during Operation Epic fury. Would any of those other countries change their minds if they saw 100,000 Iranian citizens gunned down in the streets? I doubt that they would.

[115:40] **Speaker A:** Well, we don't know what went on behind the scenes when Trump decided to launch this military action against the Iranians, but I have to say that I was one of the folks that, you know, I look at my Constitution, I read declaration of war, and even though I think the War Powers Resolution is in and of itself an unconstitutional delegation of authority, at least it's on the books, requires some measure of congressional action, and guidance, that requires discussion, and discussion ahead of time might have brought up all of these terrible realities of what's going on in Iran right now. We seem to have no options that will allow us to declare a win, and it also seems like we're going to end up leaving Iran in control of the Strait of Hormuz and bilk every ship that goes through for some sort of fine or toll or fee. But do we have— We are, we're out of options though, aren't we? I mean, seriously, I mean, baseball—

[116:31] **Speaker D:** well, I mean, we're not willing to neutralize.

[116:33] **Speaker A:** Do you think that these, these problems that we're facing now that seem, of course, with hindsight to be so maybe obvious, do you think these conversations were had ahead before we launched this strike? Or is this just, are these things that we just overlooked or didn't think were possible?

[116:49] **Speaker D:** Oh no, I think this was discussed, you know, within the White House. The problem with trying to do it with Congress is that there's zero transparency there. You know, anything you say to Congress is going to get leaked. Yes. And become public knowledge. And the opening movement here, remember, was this devastating initial strike that took out the Ayatollah and a lot of the top leadership. There's no way they could have done that if they didn't do it exactly the way they did, acting with lightning speed and taking advantage of an opportunity. That part was amazing. Like, you know, like I say, there's a lot of variables here. Yeah, there's a lot to discuss, and I'm sure they talked about a lot of this stuff, and some of it was just a miscalculation. Speculation or misunderstanding. Some of it were gambles that might have paid off and they just didn't. You know, some of them were nasty surprises. I think a lot of the behavior of the other Middle Eastern countries is a genuine surprise, 'cause I'm sure a lot of those countries talked very, very tough right up until the moment when they revealed that they're actually craven. You know, I'm sure that was a big factor in all this.

[117:41] **Speaker A:** Well, the decapitation strike that started this off, seemingly brilliant, obviously with everybody packed in one room and one bomb blowing up effectively killing all of the leadership, you know, à la Maduro. You would have thought that that would end up a regime change, but boy, they've got enough people willing to fill those— the vacuum of leaders right away. It doesn't seem to have had any impact long-term in this conflict. So great from an optics standpoint at the outset, but the result, not what anybody expected, right?

[118:10] **Speaker D:** Then in the end, the most important thing that happened after that was that the IRGC, the military, took over every everything and is now 100% running the country in every way. And they were 90% running it before, you know, it was somewhat of an illusion that they ever had a meaningful secular government, but most of that illusion has now been stripped away. There's persistent rumors that the president, Massoud Pahlavi, has either threatened to resign or he did it, and they're denying those rumors in Iran. But I wouldn't blame him for being— feeling frustrated and feeling like his wing of the government has been rendered irrelevant by everything that's happening right now.

[118:42] **Speaker A:** Well, John Hayward, the Breitbart's security editor. You want to try to end on a note of optimism, or are we— are we in as dismal a place as I'm hearing?

[118:54] **Speaker D:** Well, I'll say one thing: this blockade of Iran is definitely an effective tool. It is hurting them, and if we keep it going for long enough, it might hurt them enough to where even the fanatics and the military types are feeling the pinch and want that— want that to end. If we can hold the blockade 100%— there are some rumors that we We haven't been able to hold it 100%, that some things have gotten through, but it's definitely cut down Iran's commerce. It's definitely hurting their economy, which was weak to begin with. That kind of pressure can be very effective, but it's a test of will. And on our side, we have people grumbling about higher gas prices, midterm elections coming up. The Iranians are looking at where they think the finish line is and how long they need to hold out to get there. And I'm not sure they're wrong about the amount of time left to really bring them to heel with this pressure. So if Trump can think of another way to ratchet the pressure up even more without going kinetic again, that would help if there's another card yet to be played like that, but I'm not sure if there is.

[119:47] **Speaker A:** John, here before we part company, where is China in all this? I know they, they have a problem with the Strait of Hormuz being closed also because obviously they get most of their oil from, from the Iranians, but someone has to be funding and supporting the Iranians' devastated economy. Someone has to be supplying them with drones and arms and missiles or other supplies they need to, you know, keep this conflict going. Do you have any concept of where they are in this, in this role?

[120:10] **Speaker D:** Oh yeah, that's, that's China. They're big partners of Iran. They're not really happy with a lot of what Iran has done. They've made it publicly known that they're a little disgruntled with some of the way Iran and Russia in Ukraine have done things that have compromised China's long-term plans. But at the end of the day, Iran is a part of their axis. They're not going to abandon them. They're still their partners, and they're looking forward to making money on rebuilding Iran and rearming Iran when the crisis is over. So China publicly calls for some kind of a peace deal every day of the week, but they're not going to do anything to actually change the calculations or balance things out. I think maybe some American planners thought China might be so distraught at the Strait of Hormuz being closed that they would help to reopen it forcibly by sending their ships to help police it. They've made it clear they're not going to do that. So they're, they're getting some oil through the Strait of Hormuz. We are seeing a couple of ships pop through their mysterious seriously and come out the other side with oil for China. It's a fraction of what they used to get every day, but it's enough to help them keep going, combined with their enormous reserves. And unless things get a lot worse for China, I wouldn't look for them to step in with a strong hand against Iran and say, look, at a minimum, you have to stop menacing the Strait of Hormuz.

[121:17] **Speaker A:** Breitbart.com is where you find my guest today, John Hayward, the national— 55KRC, the talk station. 8:30 here, 55KRC. CD Talk Station. Tuesday means a segment I'm always looking forward to, the Daniel Davis Deep Dive. That's the name of the podcast. Find Daniel Davis wherever you get your podcasts and check out the retired Lieutenant Colonel has to say about a variety of different matters military related. Of course, another day to talk about the situation between the United States, Iran, and of course Israel and Hezbollah, because they all seem to be balled up into one. Welcome back, Daniel Davis. It's always a pleasure to have you on.

[121:50] **Speaker B:** Always great to be here, Brian. Thanks for having me back.

[121:52] **Speaker A:** All right, a very interesting day. On, off, on, off. But usually it comes over spurts, your wash, rinse, Pete, we've been joking about this. You know, one day we're talking about negotiation, a few days go by, the negotiations are off, bombs are going to start dropping, then we're back at the table. So this seems to be ultimately a delaying tactic. I get the impression Donald Trump really does not want to start kinetic action, and I know there's reasons for that which we can get to. But yesterday he said there's a little glitch, but I turned that around very quickly. As you probably noticed earlier, I spoke with Hezbollah and I said no shooting. I talked with Bibi and they said no shooting, and they both stopped shooting at each each other, and then hours later, Hezbollah starts shooting at Israel again. So that didn't work out real well. We never do start launching a kinetic action, and you have proven yourself right, I do believe, because I know a lot of people were a little upset with you saying, you know, the Iranians have a lot of missiles and a lot of drones, and they can do serious damage if we try to open the Strait of Hormuz. The American military would have opened the Strait of Hormuz if it had the ability to do so. Is that a true statement there at the end, Daniel? Neil Davis.

[122:57] **Speaker B:** Oh yeah, it for sure is. And I, I, I get puzzled sometimes why people get aggravated. I mean, I see it on my, on my own shows several times. I'm like, fellas, I'm just telling you what the reality is on the ground. If you don't like it, you know, take it up with Iran or U.S. or, or Israel, etc., because that's where the fundamentals exist. And, and listen, yeah, look, we wouldn't have even gone to a ceasefire if we had the ability to complete the job and to bring them militarily under submission. I mean, it would have been insane to do anything else. There's a reason why we accepted the ceasefire, because we realized we were running too low on missiles and they had too many left that we couldn't take out. And none of that has changed. In fact, the only thing that has changed is that they have more missiles now that they had because they continued to manufacture them underground where we can't reach. And they have cleared off a lot of the tunnels that we blocked up with some of the missiles where we could hit, those have now been opened back up. So, uh, we're in, in a less good position than we were before because our inventories are lower and we just don't have enough to be able to hit that target set. That's the problem.

[124:00] **Speaker A:** Well, and the Iranians are dealing with an economy that's tanking and catering. I know inflation has gone through the roof. The Iranian people are probably struggling mightily, although I know the folks in charge really don't care what happens to the people. They're religious fundamentalists and they're probably eating well. People be damned, they obviously are willing to murder their own people. So this idea that we're going to have some internal revolution to overthrow the Iranian Revolutionary Guard doesn't seem to be manifesting itself. So we can wait around to see if that ultimately happens based upon basically a starving population, but we still have their ports closed. They have the Strait of Hormuz closed. So is this— are we in a battle of attrition?

[124:38] **Speaker B:** Well, we kind of are, though I would take a bit issue with the character's there. The Iranian leadership does care about their people, and the people aren't just like held captive. I mean, they're protesting almost every night in support of what their country is doing, holding rallies, etc., because they view this as everybody against them. And even those— and I've talked to some of them on my show— even those who were adamantly opposed to the regime, now then they are supporting them, the whole rally around the flag thing, because they're being attacked and bombed, etc., during the active phase, and they're being blockaded right now. And for sure they definitely are, because they've told me this as well. The inflation is through the roof. There, there's shortages of a lot of things. But they view this as an existential threat that you, as you point out there. And therefore they are used to dealing with this. They have done with this before because of sanctions, because of the war against them with Iraq, etc. So they know how to suffer, and they feel like this is an imposed situation. So they'll suffer for a long time. I think longer than we would be able to, especially if those blockades remain in effect.

[125:39] **Speaker A:** Well, two components. Everyone is against them. Well, with the exception of, I think, what we probably thought, and I'm guessing you probably have much better information than me, that the, the regional Arab nations would have come to our side and aid and defense. And yet that never happened. We've talked about this before, Daniel Davis. They have not, because they realize that much like trying to send ships through the Strait of Hormuz, the minute that something goes wrong or they side with the Americans, the Iranians are going to start launching missiles at them, like Kuwait received the the other day. I mean, so they're not— they're step— they're holding back. And I think it seems to me becoming more critical of the United States action in this. Do the Iranian people, along the lines of what you said, take inspiration from the, the failures of both Russia and the United States in Afghanistan? Like, listen, we can hold out. Those people that, you know, those two countries were in Afghanistan for more than two decades, and look who had to leave, turning tail and running away without accomplishing anything. We, the Iranian people, can do that as well?

[126:37] **Speaker B:** Yes, they do. They actually have sought that example many times because they do. They feel like, just like the Taliban outlasted us, just like the mujahideen outlasted the Soviets, just like they continue on with Hezbollah, with Hamas and the Houthis, have they outlasted everything the US and Israel has brought to bear and they still remain viable. They say we can do the same thing because they see the resource Resources on our side are, are not inexhaustible. And the issue, especially you point out why the Gulf Arab regimes haven't been more active in helping us, because they realize the same thing I talked about at the top of this. They see that there's no military solution and we can't knock out their missile capability. Therefore, if we go back to war, it's going to get even worse because they can't be defended. We couldn't stop the missiles from falling on the Gulf Arab regimes and they wouldn't happen the next time. Either, and it would cause permanent damage instead of the partial damage it has so far. So they just want this thing to be over and get back to making money and selling oil.

[127:35] **Speaker A:** Well, over at this point, I mean, if we just, let's say, theoretically pull the plug, or, you know, maybe there's an election in November and Donald Trump loses the House and the Senate and they pass a war powers resolution that says pull the plug completely, that leaves the Iranians in control of the Strait of Hormuz, and they're going to work that to their advantage because that's what they're trying to do right now. I mean,— it's obviously, as we in the entire world have learned, a vital, critical piece of waterway there.

[128:00] **Speaker B:** Well, listen, the Iranians have been nothing but absolutely consistent on this point. They say, "We will never, ever give up control of the Strait of Hormuz." They say, "Whether it's negotiated settlement, whether you walk away or anything else, there is no scenario where we give away control over the Strait of Hormuz." I mean, they've codified it into a system them now. They're working with the country of Oman because the territorial waters overlap in the middle of the strait. So they say, no, that's it, this is just the way it's going to be forward, so work it out however you want. Now, that being said, they still need the war to come to an end because they need the blockade on their stuff to come off. And so they realize they're going to have to negotiate. And this morning there's been a lot of statements from ayatollahs, from several religious leaders and government leaders emphasizing to the people— this is in Persian saying, hey, look, I know a lot of people don't want us to negotiate, but we have to because that's just how you manufacture power. It has to be both strength and negotiations, and we got to do both. So even if you may not like everything, we're going to have to do it, implying that they're ready to make some concessions if they can get the things that they have to have. But here's the big problem: two of the things they have to have are control of the strait and that Israel has to stop its war against Lebanon. And that seems to be the longest pole in the tent.

[129:16] **Speaker A:** Huh. Well, theoretically, and I appreciate the complications involved in this suggestion, I had one of my listeners talk about all these 20-year supply contracts with various countries in the Middle East are coming to an end, and these, the folks that are part of those contracts, the countries that want to purchase the oil have obvious options in the world to go out. Like, for example, the United States, which is awash in oil. We've now got the Venezuelan oil production going on. That's going to be refined. So that's a source source of oil. Are there enough alternative sources that we could just say, you know what, we've been dealing with this stuff for longer than I've been alive, since, uh, World War II, and we're just going to wash our hands of this? There's enough oil in the world. This isn't an OPEC-era dominated era. Fine, go ahead, you know, close the Strait of Hormuz, we don't need it. Any, anything.

[130:01] **Speaker B:** Yeah, there's a lot of misunderstanding about how the oil industry works, right? That is not the case. We— there is not plenty of oil. We are not awash in oil. Not a lot of people aren't aware, we are net oil importer. So we have to import— I want to say it's like 3 to 4 million barrels a day more than we export, because we export a lot of things, but we also have to import. Uh, and you talk about the Venezuelan oil, for example, that is, that is a heavy crude.

[130:25] **Speaker A:** Yes.

[130:26] **Speaker B:** Which can only be refined in a few places, then it can only be turned into certain products. We have light sweet crude, which can be refined into like gasoline, but not into things like diesel, etc. Uh, jet fuel, that's one of the biggest productions out of Middle East that there is in the world. It's a huge percentage of it, etc. So it's not just the total amount of oil, but it's what kind of oil and what does it turn into that feeds the global economy. And there's so much incredible important things out of the Gulf itself, like fertilizer, 35% of it, aluminum, helium, several other things that you don't normally think of when you think of oil or natural gas. But those things are all blocked off. So it is critical and devastating to the global economy every day this continues to go on.

[131:09] **Speaker A:** Well, it's why I asked you the question, Daniel. I mean, I think people think you've made a certain measure of credibility beyond me and can explain a little bit better. It's not just going to be all rainbows and puppy dogs and unicorns because we're going to get all these oil contracts. Oil is a global market, and if we decided not to do business in the Middle East ourselves, the rest of the world has to deal with it, and the price of oil will be impacted by the global demand and supply. Supply. So I hate to have to ask this question, where does this leave us, Daniel?

[131:40] **Speaker B:** Well, it leaves us in a position to where for the first time, I think, in our lifetimes, we have a major international, uh, crisis, problem, whatever you want to call it, that we cannot solve with our power. Because we want to just impose our will and say, look, either you do this or we're going to blow you up. Well, we've tried that and they can endure that blowing up. And for first time, they can also fire back in ways that we can't defend against. We've never been in this situation. So we're going to have to either do something— and I know a lot of people are going to hate this, they definitely do in the White House— we're either going to have to concede something to them in order to get something from them, and they're open to that, or we're going to have to just say, well, all right, we're going to walk away. Because if we say, all right, forget it, I don't care, you didn't give me what I wanted, we're going to go back to war, then we're going to just devastate our economy, the global economy, because they have the capacity beyond our desires to strike back in ways we can't endure. And that's the problem that too many— too few people understand. We don't get to just call the shots this time. We're going to have to negotiate. And if we want to get something this time, we're going to have to give something.

[132:46] **Speaker A:** Seems to be a collective failure of the decision makers leading up to this, this initial attack to contemplate the complexity, or do you think that they actually factored this in the equation and thought that that initial strike on the 30-plus military leaders was going to decapitate the regime à la Maduro? Gross overcalculation on that, as it turns out, but are we just being hindsight's 20/20, or was this information readily available to the decision makers?

[133:13] **Speaker B:** It was definitely available. I've talked to Joe Kent, who resigned as the number 2 at the ODNI, the Director National Intelligence, uh, just a couple of days ago, and, and reiterate, he reiterated that to me. He said every bit of this was, was pleading. There was people inside the White House that were pleading with the president that it was likely that they were going to take the Strait of Hormuz, that we couldn't knock out their missile factories, uh, and that it was going to definitely, you know, harm our national economy in ways that we can't rectify easily or quickly, and that the people weren't going to rise up against the ayatollah and the decapitation wasn't going take out their system of government. We told them all of those things ahead of time, but there was another group that says, no, no, no, they're wrong. Uh, actually, well, it'll be like Maduro, it'll be like Venezuela. As soon as you take out these guys, they'll just fall apart. They've never been more weak than they are, and etc. Turned out that that was actually just a myth and a claim that these people who wanted the war were selling. They were never weaker than they had been in all these years. They were as strong as they had ever been. It was kind of just a normal state. They weren't that weak. So President Trump was sold a bill of goods by a lot of people who should know better, and unfortunately he listened to them instead of the group that I just described.

[134:23] **Speaker A:** Finding ourselves in a quagmire. Hmm. Snafu. Charlie Foxtrot. Throw it into some category. It's reality. It's cold water.

[134:34] **Speaker B:** We're gonna hack it.

[134:36] **Speaker A:** It's cold water reality, but it's reality nonetheless. You know, I appreciate you, you just pointing out, uh, putting a point on everything. Thing and providing us with all the information we need to know because we seem to be in a very major, major problem. May have to put one in the L column, Daniel Davis, and I hate to have to say that out loud on our 250th anniversary.

[134:54] **Speaker B:** You know, like a businessman, man, sometimes you got to put an L in there. If it's a losing proposition, don't dig deeper. Don't throw more money down the pit. Cut it off, say it's a bad situation, and move on to something else, which we can do.

[135:07] **Speaker A:** Yeah, and looming behind that reality the sad situation with regard to our arms, as you mentioned a moment ago. I mean, we have a finite amount of arms. We've used a lot of them, and there may be future battles to wage, which is problematic for the United States of America. Daniel Davis Deep Dive, find your podcast where you find him on where you find your podcast. We'll do this again next Tuesday. Maybe we'll get some good news. I keep saying that, Daniel, but I can hope against hope. I'd like to.

[135:30] **Speaker B:** And the fact that Iran is just saying this morning, telling their people, hey, we need to have a negotiated settlement, means that there is a window open. Open there. So maybe next Tuesday we'll be able to go through it.

[135:39] **Speaker A:** Fingers crossed. Daniel Davis, thank you so much. Have a great week between now and then, sir. 8:44 here, 55KRC, the talk station. Don't go away, we're going to be talking about, uh, our Ask the Expert. Good man, Todd Cain from ShareFax. They got a zero closing cost option for you, and we got a shred day that gives you some details about that. That'll be next.

[135:58] **Speaker C:** Number one hits, millions of records sold, awards, sold-out tours. You think the Jonas Brothers are satisfied? Nope, it's podcast time.

[136:05] **Speaker A:** We get to ask other people questions cuz we're sick and tired of being asked questions.

[136:08] **Speaker C:** Hey Jonas is available now, and their first guest is a big one— Paul Rudd.

[136:12] **Speaker A:** You know, Steve Carell is a great singer.

[136:15] **Speaker E:** Can he tell you not to audition for The Office or something?

[136:17] **Speaker A:** I told him. Whoa.

[136:18] **Speaker E:** We were filming Anchorman.

[136:19] **Speaker A:** Clearly I was the idiot. Thank God he, he didn't listen to me, right?

[136:23] **Speaker C:** Listen to Hey Jonas on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Your husband is not who you think he is. Your body is not what you thought it was. Your identity is formed by a secret history. I'm Danni Shapiro, and these are just a few of the stunning stories I'll be exploring on the 14th season of Family Secrets. He kind of shoved me out of the way and said, "Move!" And he went out the front door, and he jumped in a car and drove off. And that was the last time I saw him. Listen to season 14 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Here's something that should not be as complicated as it is: getting a racist statue removed. Removed. And here's something that should be a whole lot easier than it is: getting a new one put up in its place. I'm Akilah Hughes, and Rebel Spirit Season 2 is about both of those things.

[137:14] **Speaker A:** As I was watching these statues come down, I was thinking about what it meant that I grew up in a majority Black city in which there were more homages to enslavers than there were to enslaved people.

[137:22] **Speaker C:** Listen to Rebel Spirit Season 2 on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Why are we all so obsessed with romance? On the Radio 831 Podcast, join us, Sanjana Oscar, and Tyler McCall, as we unpack all the trending tropes, buzzy adaptations, book talk drama, and celebrity love stories with hot takes and sharp guests. Each episode digs into what these stories reveal about desire, fantasy, identity, and how we love now. Listen to the Radio 831 podcast on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
