# Democrat Nightmare as Another Platner Scandal Breaks Out

**Show:** The Alex Marlow Show
**Date Published:** 2026-06-01
**Date Found:** 2026-06-01
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-alex-marlow-show/democrat-nightmare-as-another-platner-scandal-breaks-out?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 40 minutes

## Summary

This 40-minute episode of The Alex Marlow Show mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Alex Marlow Show

## Key Moment

> "Ready to break the narrative? Get the real story with no filters and no apologies. Cut through the noise with real conversation, real conviction, and real news. It's time for truth without spin. It's the Alex Marlow Show. Got a lot of stuff to get to today. It's Election Day. Tomorrow I'll be giving you some updates what's going on out in LA and elsewhere. Of course, on the podcast feed, fresh interview up with Steve Hilton over the weekend. All of you should check that out as well. Really interesting elections in Colombia, all details on why that matters. I've got an Iran update, I'll do that momentarily, and some more Talarico. Uh, but I'll start with a couple of fun items. First of all, I'm hosting for Hugh Hewitt today, which is much the, to the chagrin of the guys in the booth because 'cause they're gonna have to do even 3 more additional hours of work. So my team led by Sean and Rick and others, junior producer Ricky, they handle my show, they handle Jennings' show, they handle Elder's show. They get this beautiful break where Dwayne Patterson and his team and Hewitt gets to take Hugh's show from Orange County, but we're gonna try to do it here. But guess what? I have to do it from Larry Elder's desk. So I'm gonna be doing Hughitt's show hosted by Marlo, On Larry Elder's Desk. Let's see how that goes. I think it's gonna go great. It's always an honor to host for Hugh, who is one of the absolute pros in the game. So that's there. If you follow Hugh's stuff, I will be on. And those of you who are in there, I think we're on one or two markets. We're on a couple hundred markets each. We're on at the same time. So, uh, if you wanna listen to me twice, you'll have that opportunity. I won't tell you where. There's a couple places where you'll be able to listen to two different Marlo shows at the same time. And you know what? I'm all over the place, guys. It's just how it goes. I had the funniest day. On Friday because the Treasury Department reached out to me because the Secretary Scott Bessant was in town and he was giving a major address. I think the sort of definitive MAGAnomics address. And he gave this at the, the, at the Reagan Library, which is pretty close to where I live. It's in Simi Valley, California, about 20 miles, um, from where I'm at. And they invited me to go to that. I could be a VIP, check it out, maybe report on it. And I didn't have time for that. They couldn't, couldn't make it over there, but they said that I could lead a panel. They invited me to lead a panel of small business leaders with as Treasury Secretary, and whenever cabinet secretary asks you to do stuff, then you typically say yes. But it is in one of those parts of LA, which is a nice part of town, Thousand Oaks, California, but a good solid hour plus from where I live. And so I decided that I would accept because he's a cabinet secretary, but I was committing to spend my entire Friday in the car, which is how these things go. So I'm heading out there after my busy work morning, which is always nonstop, leading Breitbart News, doing the show, getting some podcasts in, et cetera, trying to make all these things line up. And then I'm heading over there and I get a call from the Treasury Department and they say to me that, hey, the secretary's running late. Do you think you could entertain the audience for a while? And I said, what are you talking about? Doesn't make a lot of sense. So I'm a journalist here. Could you give a speech on, you know, all the like dunk on Newsom or something about stuff that's going on in California? And I thought for a second, I thought this is very bizarre. I got this Breitbart News. It used to be you wouldn't be allowed if you're a cabinet secretary in the room with the guy who runs Breitbart. And then now I was like, should I? Get up in front of a crowd that's there to see the Treasury Secretary and give an off-the-cuff speech like I'm in 9th grade speech and debate class, like I'm in Mr. Coombs' class at Harvard-Westlake, and I've got to do some sort of an activity. You get 30 minutes to give a speech on the state of business in California. And I said, yeah, why not? I'll do it. So I got up there in front of the crowd, and I got to say, a lot of Marlo Show fans, people were holding up their phone, showing the logo of the app. And then I got to lead this panel, small business panel after the speech, which went well. I got off a lot of jokes. I did forget one joke though, one of my favorite LA jokes. Sean, tell me if you've heard this one before. But you know how LA has the worst airport in the world? Worst in the world, everyone knows this. It's been ranked as the worst in the world. Do you know the terminals in the LAX airport, which is this bizarre horseshoe shape? If you wanna cut across, there's only one lane to get across the airport. The terminals are in order: 1, 2, 3, 4. You think I'm gonna say 5, right? No, it's B, then B, then 5, then 6, 7, and 8. So we actually put a B in the middle of 4 and 5. Why we did that, no one knows, but it just shows you the retardation of the people who laid out the city. And it's just one microcosm of all the things that go wrong here, is that we're the type of city that would put Terminal B between 4 and 5 because we just wanna confuse people. So 4 and 5 are super far apart, but 4 and, uh, 4 and 3 are near each other. 4 and B are somewhat near each other. That's the type of thing that goes on in LA. And then you wonder why there's homeless people literally being bussed in and dropped off here. And we're like, yeah, let's just give them some houses and stuff. That's how we operate here. And that's why there's so much discussion of what's going on in the LA mayor race, governor's race. And I'll have some of that to you on the show. But it was definitely a treat to get to speak off the cuff like I was in 9th grade speech and debate class, uh, talking about the city, which is sort of falling apart, and the state, which is falling apart. I, I have a refrain which I, I go to where I talk about how LA is number one and California is number one, but number one, if you're talking about illegal immigration, outmigration, crime, cost of living, gas prices, then, then we're number one. But we are not number one in just about anything else. And yet we've got the opportunity here. Tomorrow to start the process fixing stuff. And we can fix stuff if California votes for Steve Hilton for governor. Be ideally Steve Hilton, Chad Bianco's top 1 and 2, but that seems pretty far off. And then the mayor, the mayor's race with Spencer Pratt, Nitya Raman, who is an actual communist, and Karen Bass, who was in Ghana when the whole city burned down and does think that the solution to the homeless crisis that we have is to just do more of the same, to give her 4 years. Keep in mind, We haven't had a Republican governor in this or a Republican mayor for a couple decades. And so it's all an extension of the same one-party rule. And if you ask anyone, do you think that it's good to have one-party rule in a given city, in a given state? No one's going to say yes. No one in the entire world is going to say that it is a positive thing that we have one party that gets to dominate and never gets held to account. But because of the power of the unions, because Karen Bass has all the unions lying behind her, She is still the favorite to win, even though the city burned down on her watch and she had Easter dinner at Nobu San Diego, which I have an eyewitness who confirms that. Very odd person who said she would never leave the state if she was going to be— or no, I'm sorry, never leave the country if she's going to be mayor, and then left 5 times at least, the 5th being during when the city was burning down. She was in Ghana. So remarkable that this city could tolerate that. And I think it's a huge moment. The reason why I think it's a huge moment is because if California and LA don't vote properly tomorrow, if they don't vote for some sort of a change, then I do think that people are going to completely have given up on California. And I got to tell you, I think it's sort of a win-win as a media person, even though I'm here in California. I live just north of LA. I'm hoping for something that is unexpected to happen. I'm hoping for some sort of a big blowout where Spencer Pratt gets first in the LA mayor's race. Continues his momentum. And I'm hoping Steve Hilton runs away with the primary in the governor's race. He's not going to get to 50%, so he'll have to run in the general. But people really don't like Javier Becerra, who's likely the number 2. Tom Steyer is a guy who made his money on hedge funds and is completely zero charismatic attributes. He's no rizz. It's probably going to be one of those two in California. And we could perhaps have a scenario where we're going to have a 4 or 5 month window where we can get some enthusiasm and try to convince some people. It's going to take convincing liberals that what's going on in this state is not acceptable and it's not a good example for the rest of the country. California and LA used to be aspirational. My dad moved from the East Coast, came out here specifically because the idea, the concept of California, the concept of going west is inherent to the American dream. And now you're seeing people go from the west, go to Texas, go to Nashville, go to Florida, I'll tell you, I don't know any person right of center in this who lives in this state who isn't constantly looking at real estate and all those other parts of the world thinking, can I get out of here? Why not take some of the taxpayer dollars and start putting it towards places that actually keep our city safe, that get homeless off the street, that somehow get off the union addiction, get over that so we can start fixing the school system, start having a sane migration policy where we're not encouraging illegal aliens to come here. If we could start doing that, then of course California, given all this natural beauty, given the fact that we have this huge university system, given the fact that we have Silicon Valley at the middle of an AI boom, the biggest, hottest industry in the world is located here. And of course Hollywood, which for years exported an idea of Americana which the world loved, all that is still here and can be here again with some really common sense stuff. Focus on things like trying to make it so that people keep more of their money, So the businesses are encouraged to move here instead of move out of here. Make it so that the citizens are safe and we have parks are designed for the families and not for illegal alien criminals and drug addicts. And then also on a national level, make sure that we're not importing fentanyl from Mexico and China. All this stuff can happen and we're going to see if it's going to happen tomorrow. I will give you my prediction after the break on what will happen. And but I will say There is hope, and we love hope here on the Marlo Show. We'll be right back with more. All right, I've been talking about this for a few months now. Why? Because it's important and it's helping me. It's a handheld red light therapy device for pain and inflammation called the SuperPOM 1050."
> — Speaker B at 00:39
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:39] Speaker B: "Ready to break the narrative? Get the real story with no filters and no apologies. Cut through the noise with real conversation, real conviction, and real news. It's time for truth without spin. It's the Alex Marlow Show. Got a lot of stuff to get to today. It's Election Day. Tomorrow I'll be giving you some updates what's going on out in LA and elsewhere. Of course, on the podcast feed, fresh interview up with Steve Hilton over the weekend. All of you should check that out as well. Really interesting elections in Colombia, all details on why that matters. I've got an Iran update, I'll do that momentarily, and some more Talarico. Uh, but I'll start with a couple of fun items. First of all, I'm hosting for Hugh Hewitt today, which is much the, to the chagrin of the guys in the booth because 'cause they're gonna have to do even 3 more additional hours of work. So my team led by Sean and Rick and others, junior producer Ricky, they handle my show, they handle Jennings' show, they handle Elder's show. They get this beautiful break where Dwayne Patterson and his team and Hewitt gets to take Hugh's show from Orange County, but we're gonna try to do it here. But guess what? I have to do it from Larry Elder's desk. So I'm gonna be doing Hughitt's show hosted by Marlo, On Larry Elder's Desk. Let's see how that goes. I think it's gonna go great. It's always an honor to host for Hugh, who is one of the absolute pros in the game. So that's there. If you follow Hugh's stuff, I will be on. And those of you who are in there, I think we're on one or two markets. We're on a couple hundred markets each. We're on at the same time. So, uh, if you wanna listen to me twice, you'll have that opportunity. I won't tell you where. There's a couple places where you'll be able to listen to two different Marlo shows at the same time. And you know what? I'm all over the place, guys. It's just how it goes. I had the funniest day. On Friday because the Treasury Department reached out to me because the Secretary Scott Bessant was in town and he was giving a major address. I think the sort of definitive MAGAnomics address. And he gave this at the, the, at the Reagan Library, which is pretty close to where I live. It's in Simi Valley, California, about 20 miles, um, from where I'm at. And they invited me to go to that. I could be a VIP, check it out, maybe report on it. And I didn't have time for that. They couldn't, couldn't make it over there, but they said that I could lead a panel. They invited me to lead a panel of small business leaders with as Treasury Secretary, and whenever cabinet secretary asks you to do stuff, then you typically say yes. But it is in one of those parts of LA, which is a nice part of town, Thousand Oaks, California, but a good solid hour plus from where I live. And so I decided that I would accept because he's a cabinet secretary, but I was committing to spend my entire Friday in the car, which is how these things go. So I'm heading out there after my busy work morning, which is always nonstop, leading Breitbart News, doing the show, getting some podcasts in, et cetera, trying to make all these things line up. And then I'm heading over there and I get a call from the Treasury Department and they say to me that, hey, the secretary's running late. Do you think you could entertain the audience for a while? And I said, what are you talking about? Doesn't make a lot of sense. So I'm a journalist here. Could you give a speech on, you know, all the like dunk on Newsom or something about stuff that's going on in California? And I thought for a second, I thought this is very bizarre. I got this Breitbart News. It used to be you wouldn't be allowed if you're a cabinet secretary in the room with the guy who runs Breitbart. And then now I was like, should I? Get up in front of a crowd that's there to see the Treasury Secretary and give an off-the-cuff speech like I'm in 9th grade speech and debate class, like I'm in Mr. Coombs' class at Harvard-Westlake, and I've got to do some sort of an activity. You get 30 minutes to give a speech on the state of business in California. And I said, yeah, why not? I'll do it. So I got up there in front of the crowd, and I got to say, a lot of Marlo Show fans, people were holding up their phone, showing the logo of the app. And then I got to lead this panel, small business panel after the speech, which went well. I got off a lot of jokes. I did forget one joke though, one of my favorite LA jokes. Sean, tell me if you've heard this one before. But you know how LA has the worst airport in the world? Worst in the world, everyone knows this. It's been ranked as the worst in the world. Do you know the terminals in the LAX airport, which is this bizarre horseshoe shape? If you wanna cut across, there's only one lane to get across the airport. The terminals are in order: 1, 2, 3, 4. You think I'm gonna say 5, right? No, it's B, then B, then 5, then 6, 7, and 8. So we actually put a B in the middle of 4 and 5. Why we did that, no one knows, but it just shows you the retardation of the people who laid out the city. And it's just one microcosm of all the things that go wrong here, is that we're the type of city that would put Terminal B between 4 and 5 because we just wanna confuse people. So 4 and 5 are super far apart, but 4 and, uh, 4 and 3 are near each other. 4 and B are somewhat near each other. That's the type of thing that goes on in LA. And then you wonder why there's homeless people literally being bussed in and dropped off here. And we're like, yeah, let's just give them some houses and stuff. That's how we operate here. And that's why there's so much discussion of what's going on in the LA mayor race, governor's race. And I'll have some of that to you on the show. But it was definitely a treat to get to speak off the cuff like I was in 9th grade speech and debate class, uh, talking about the city, which is sort of falling apart, and the state, which is falling apart. I, I have a refrain which I, I go to where I talk about how LA is number one and California is number one, but number one, if you're talking about illegal immigration, outmigration, crime, cost of living, gas prices, then, then we're number one. But we are not number one in just about anything else. And yet we've got the opportunity here. Tomorrow to start the process fixing stuff. And we can fix stuff if California votes for Steve Hilton for governor. Be ideally Steve Hilton, Chad Bianco's top 1 and 2, but that seems pretty far off. And then the mayor, the mayor's race with Spencer Pratt, Nitya Raman, who is an actual communist, and Karen Bass, who was in Ghana when the whole city burned down and does think that the solution to the homeless crisis that we have is to just do more of the same, to give her 4 years. Keep in mind, We haven't had a Republican governor in this or a Republican mayor for a couple decades. And so it's all an extension of the same one-party rule. And if you ask anyone, do you think that it's good to have one-party rule in a given city, in a given state? No one's going to say yes. No one in the entire world is going to say that it is a positive thing that we have one party that gets to dominate and never gets held to account. But because of the power of the unions, because Karen Bass has all the unions lying behind her, She is still the favorite to win, even though the city burned down on her watch and she had Easter dinner at Nobu San Diego, which I have an eyewitness who confirms that. Very odd person who said she would never leave the state if she was going to be— or no, I'm sorry, never leave the country if she's going to be mayor, and then left 5 times at least, the 5th being during when the city was burning down. She was in Ghana. So remarkable that this city could tolerate that. And I think it's a huge moment. The reason why I think it's a huge moment is because if California and LA don't vote properly tomorrow, if they don't vote for some sort of a change, then I do think that people are going to completely have given up on California. And I got to tell you, I think it's sort of a win-win as a media person, even though I'm here in California. I live just north of LA. I'm hoping for something that is unexpected to happen. I'm hoping for some sort of a big blowout where Spencer Pratt gets first in the LA mayor's race. Continues his momentum. And I'm hoping Steve Hilton runs away with the primary in the governor's race. He's not going to get to 50%, so he'll have to run in the general. But people really don't like Javier Becerra, who's likely the number 2. Tom Steyer is a guy who made his money on hedge funds and is completely zero charismatic attributes. He's no rizz. It's probably going to be one of those two in California. And we could perhaps have a scenario where we're going to have a 4 or 5 month window where we can get some enthusiasm and try to convince some people. It's going to take convincing liberals that what's going on in this state is not acceptable and it's not a good example for the rest of the country. California and LA used to be aspirational. My dad moved from the East Coast, came out here specifically because the idea, the concept of California, the concept of going west is inherent to the American dream. And now you're seeing people go from the west, go to Texas, go to Nashville, go to Florida, I'll tell you, I don't know any person right of center in this who lives in this state who isn't constantly looking at real estate and all those other parts of the world thinking, can I get out of here? Why not take some of the taxpayer dollars and start putting it towards places that actually keep our city safe, that get homeless off the street, that somehow get off the union addiction, get over that so we can start fixing the school system, start having a sane migration policy where we're not encouraging illegal aliens to come here. If we could start doing that, then of course California, given all this natural beauty, given the fact that we have this huge university system, given the fact that we have Silicon Valley at the middle of an AI boom, the biggest, hottest industry in the world is located here. And of course Hollywood, which for years exported an idea of Americana which the world loved, all that is still here and can be here again with some really common sense stuff. Focus on things like trying to make it so that people keep more of their money, So the businesses are encouraged to move here instead of move out of here. Make it so that the citizens are safe and we have parks are designed for the families and not for illegal alien criminals and drug addicts. And then also on a national level, make sure that we're not importing fentanyl from Mexico and China. All this stuff can happen and we're going to see if it's going to happen tomorrow. I will give you my prediction after the break on what will happen. And but I will say There is hope, and we love hope here on the Marlo Show. We'll be right back with more. All right, I've been talking about this for a few months now. Why? Because it's important and it's helping me. It's a handheld red light therapy device for pain and inflammation called the SuperPOM 1050."
- [16:28] Speaker B: "Some positive news. World Health Organization has recovered— has says 5 people have recovered in the Democratic Republic of Congo. But travel situation not good. There's at least one case in Brazil, or two potential patients in Brazil. So Tedros, who is— was horrific during the pandemic, Dr. Tedros, but not a medical doctor, who runs the World Health Organization, seems to be putting out more reasonable statements this time. But the— China is now under a low threat level, um, but we're trying to keep an eye on this. But certainly we don't like this, and the doctors are very negative on this particular Ebola outbreak. It is the sort of thing where I'm hearing a lot of concern from people in my wife's line of work that they feel like that this is who's medical doctor, they're hearing about this more often than prior Ebolas and they're more concerned about it. I'll give you a positive, a medical development. So a new drug has now had unprecedented results for pancreatic cancer. This is one that has caused a lot of happy news in my wife's line of work as an oncologist. And this is the drug that I believe is the one that Ben Sasse is on. But there's a lot of reports that there is a fresh drug for pancreatic cancer that is now able to double life expectancy from 6 months with, for a stage 4 cancer patient to 13 months. And this of course double is great news. 13 months is a long time for people with that horrible diagnosis. It's a, but we've been using the same pancreatic cancer drugs in this country for about 30 or 40 years. We've had almost no innovation. And what's exciting about innovation is you don't know where it's gonna go from here. But there's a drug that's called Darazonrecib. I don't think that's— that's not— they got to work on that branding. Um, but anyways, there it's a— the enthusiasm is just through the roof because they're now in phase 3 trials, 500 patients showing double the survival time. And that's why Ben Sasse, I think, was given 4 months to live like 6, 7 months ago, is still here. I think that's the one he's on. And that's exciting stuff there, which is positive. And I, I love when we see this innovation because it just gives a lot of people hope that perhaps there are solutions around the corner, particularly for the worst viruses imaginable. All right, one more international item. Runoff in Colombia. This is really interesting between Abelardo de la Espriella. He's a businessman promising to build more prisons than Bukele is building in El Salvador. So he's branding himself as Trumpian. He's a family man, and he's someone who just wants to clean up the the trash, the human trash. And I think that's very cool. And he's going up against a guy who is a far leftist in that runoff, who is basically campaigning on lawfare against conservatives. That's his whole pitch is he's going to jail conservatives. So you've got a guy who's going to put the bad guys in jail versus the guy who is going to, who's going to prosecute conservative politicians. Very interesting development there. And I'll have more when we come back. All right. So when I was in Thousand Oaks, California, giving my off-the-cuff speech for the audience that was there to see the Treasury Secretary, which he did not get to see the speech, by the way, he got to see me moderate a panel that had way too many people on it. And so I barely got to interact with him at all. And then shaking hands. He's very nice, though. Very nice man. Scott Bessant, one of the sharpest guys around. And Pure MAGA. I got to talk about a lot of stuff that's important to me about how I feel like the Trump movement is responsible for resetting global American trade, resetting our economy, resetting the thoughts that we were too dependent on foreign suppliers, that we'd sort of fallen asleep and that we'd taken supply chains for granted. We were vulnerable when it comes to pharmaceuticals. We had taken cheap goods imported from China and elsewhere and thought that was a sign of a thriving economy. Not of a people that had this wonderful industrial base, this entrepreneurial spirit, the desire to build, the desire to create. And California was sort of the emblem of that, and then now that's fallen off. And so the big question that was on everyone's mind was, is there actually hope? Is there actually hope that we could come back? If you come back in California, the rest of the country abodes so well. And here is my short answer: we still have to overcome 2 massive things. First of all, we've had so much outmigration, not just from California, but from LA. So anyone who wants to vote for Spencer Pratt tomorrow, it's a limited group of people who can actually do it. Like guys in the studio, how many of you actually live in LA? Poll me and tell me my year, Sean, because I technically don't. I live in the city just adjacent to LA in LA County, so I don't get to vote. So a bunch of the people that I shout out on the show, don't actually— they're not necessarily voting in LA proper, even though we all work here and we spend time here and we spend, you know, sales tax dollars here. But a lot of people have left. And then you look at California, it's the same thing. A lot of people who might identify as a Californian in their heart, they're in Nashville, they're in Texas, they're in Florida already. And that's part of the thing that's happened is there's already been so many people who have left, and the illegal immigrants have continued to come establish families here.. And then there's always that pull for people who are of a liberal mindset to come to California, and we have to overcome that. Plus, as I've said, the unions— the state is run by the unions, and when it is a major political establishment, it has machines. Gavin Newsom, Kamala Harris, Javier Becerra— these people are machine politicians. Karen Bass— Karen Bass is the, the support of all of the unions. That's why she's polling better than Nitya Raman, who is on the city council. Who's further communist. She's more communist. She's more in the Mamdani, we're going to seize your property type wing. And she's now polling in third place because she does not have the institutional support. And this is why, of all the bad things that the left does— and I rant about the left all the time, and I rant about the Democrats all the time— you have to be aware, establishments, political establishments, are incredibly risky because they stifle thought. They mean that you can't have outside-the-box creative ideas. You can't think of, well, here's a problem that's been going on forever. Traffic, terrible airport, too much homelessness, too much illegal aliens. They can't have outside-the-box thinking because that's a rejection of the entire establishment. Okay, so let me give you some details from the race, the races that's coming up. I really enjoyed going looking at California in general where Steve Hilton, my friend, is on the ballot as well as another capable Republican named Chad Bianco. This was a cut of Hasan Piker, left-wing avatar for the far left, I would say the communist movement in this country, who is pro-China, pro-Cuba. We've been talking about him a lot on the show, and he was talking about exactly the concept I was just laying out. Cut 17, please, gentlemen."
- [24:48] Speaker E: "Hey, LA Times gaslighters. It's weird. One of 15 cameras that I now have at this house. Two German Shepherds, three legal guns. Five years ago, didn't lock a door here, but you know what happened? Two animals invaded my house. It's not made up. It's not false. And this city has collapsed in the last five years. There is no denying it unless you have an agenda, and I don't know what that is. But you say, oh, Spencer Pratt has no experience, so how can we possibly think about this? What experience did Karen Bass have? Rick Caruso, who we know can build things, who we know can fix problems, when you made sure he couldn't win. So right now you're putting people in the same position that you did with Trump, who I did not vote for, by the way. You put him in by making sure we had no fucking option."
- [25:35] Speaker B: "He is a victim of a home invasion. I have my parents-in-law who live in LA proper and in a very, very nice part of town. And I'll tell you constantly, you have to be so vigilant. About locking your cars, not leaving your purse out in front of the car. I wrote about this in Breaking Biden, about how there was a warning that was put out not to leave water bottles out because people break into your car to get water bottles, get the 10-cent recycling, uh, purchase, the whatever it is, the rebate. You go to the recycling center, you get 10, you get 10 cents for a water bottle. That's the level of crime that's here because we have a society that's protected the criminals. So a couple of things in there, there that are big. First of all, a guy who's successful in mainstream Hollywood saying flat out, we need change because we're rejecting the premise that we have to do the same thing over and over again, that we can't have just the status quo if we want to save the city. And there's a guy who represents exactly the opposite of the status quo, Spencer Pratt. So I'm going to support him because whatever we got now is not working. What is Kieran Bass's experience? Is ruining a city. So to argue Spencer Pratt has no experience, what does Spencer Pratt do? He's on reality TV and he was a gem entrepreneur. He was selling crystals. That's what he was doing. He was a crystal salesman. And so that's someone who has never been anywhere close to messing up a city. You got to admit that does not have that on his resume. But we need to get people who are sort of liberal to vote for him. And my prediction, unfortunately, is that there's just not enough of them. There's just not enough liberals who are willing to admit, I've been wrong all this time. Liberalism has not worked in California. Democrat rule has not worked in LA. And so we're going to vote the other way. So my official prediction is I do think that Hilton and Pratt make it to runoff. I do think that's going to happen. I don't know for sure, but I think so. But in a general, this is where the machine politics consolidate. And I'm putting a marker down now. He mentioned Rick Caruso there, who's a guy who I don't think super highly of in terms of agreeing with me on my MAGA-style politics, but is a builder, builds malls, high-end malls, very nice malls. And he ran against Karen Bass last time and narrowly lost. He's a guy who's Democrat, pro-abortion, but overall he's competent. And we don't care about competent. We care about pandering. Do you pander to my union? Do you pander to my agenda on a specific matter? Hopefully there's enough people whose agenda involves not having homeless crackheads like zombies wandering down the streets harassing their family. Hopefully there's enough people whose agenda is to make sure that they feel a little bit safer, that they're not going to have their home invaded despite the fact that they have expensive security systems. Maybe there are people who are fed up with the school system where we pay double what other states pay with worse results. But I don't know if that's how the mindset is out here, and my Unfortunately, I feel like that is not the standard. So what could be our savior, though, and what could be our savior, and why I hope these guys at least make it to the runoff, is because the Democrats are assembling the worst slate of politicians I think I've ever seen. And things somehow got even worse for Graham Plattner over the weekend, where the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times put out reports that Plattner had been sending sexually explicit text messages to women, between 6 and 12 women. He was even using a platform called Kik, which has had a lot of scandals for child sexual predation on the platform. And you're going to get one Democrat after the next, after the next, making excuses for Plattner, making excuses that this is all okay. And his campaign team is going to go out and act like, you know, he should be talking about sportsball with Dave Portnoy. That's how they're going to run this campaign. Not that he is a guy who has stolen valor as a fake populist, someone who said he wanted to go to war to kill the bad guys and then complained about getting sent to war. A guy with a literal Nazi tattoo. That's sort of the elephant in the room here, right? The guy still has a Nazi tattoo that he now doesn't regret. I saw one tweet framing it up as an accidental Nazi tattoo. No, it was an intentional Nazi tattoo. Which they're forgiving all this stuff. Which I just find to be just, it's too much. It's just too much. The, it wasn't as if there wasn't enough bad stuff about Plattner. Now all of a sudden we know that he's sending sexually explicit texts to lots of women who are not his wife. They are the worst people in the world when it comes to having consistency, evading hypocrisy, and having competence. What has he done? What is the record that Graham Plattner's got? What's the record that Kieran Bass has got? Have these people— do they have anything to show for their lives other than that they can be righteous on social media complaining about Donald Trump and Republicans? James Tallarico. James Tallarico now has— he has now resorted to having such canned remarks that clips like this are possible. Cut 20, please."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Most people don't realize how much personal information is bought and sold daily. Data brokers collect your data from public records and the internet, selling it without your consent to scammers and telemarketers. That's where Aura comes in. Aura automatically removes your data from broker sites and alerts you to dark web breaches. Plus, you get complete identity theft protection, a VPN, antivirus, and a password manager all in one app. Start your free trial at aura.com/safe.

[00:39] **Speaker B:** Ready to break the narrative? Get the real story with no filters and no apologies. Cut through the noise with real conversation, real conviction, and real news. It's time for truth without spin. It's the Alex Marlow Show. Got a lot of stuff to get to today. It's Election Day. Tomorrow I'll be giving you some updates what's going on out in LA and elsewhere. Of course, on the podcast feed, fresh interview up with Steve Hilton over the weekend. All of you should check that out as well. Really interesting elections in Colombia, all details on why that matters. I've got an Iran update, I'll do that momentarily, and some more Talarico. Uh, but I'll start with a couple of fun items. First of all, I'm hosting for Hugh Hewitt today, which is much the, to the chagrin of the guys in the booth because 'cause they're gonna have to do even 3 more additional hours of work. So my team led by Sean and Rick and others, junior producer Ricky, they handle my show, they handle Jennings' show, they handle Elder's show. They get this beautiful break where Dwayne Patterson and his team and Hewitt gets to take Hugh's show from Orange County, but we're gonna try to do it here. But guess what? I have to do it from Larry Elder's desk. So I'm gonna be doing Hughitt's show hosted by Marlo, On Larry Elder's Desk. Let's see how that goes. I think it's gonna go great. It's always an honor to host for Hugh, who is one of the absolute pros in the game. So that's there. If you follow Hugh's stuff, I will be on. And those of you who are in there, I think we're on one or two markets. We're on a couple hundred markets each. We're on at the same time. So, uh, if you wanna listen to me twice, you'll have that opportunity. I won't tell you where. There's a couple places where you'll be able to listen to two different Marlo shows at the same time. And you know what? I'm all over the place, guys. It's just how it goes. I had the funniest day. On Friday because the Treasury Department reached out to me because the Secretary Scott Bessant was in town and he was giving a major address. I think the sort of definitive MAGAnomics address. And he gave this at the, the, at the Reagan Library, which is pretty close to where I live. It's in Simi Valley, California, about 20 miles, um, from where I'm at. And they invited me to go to that. I could be a VIP, check it out, maybe report on it. And I didn't have time for that. They couldn't, couldn't make it over there, but they said that I could lead a panel. They invited me to lead a panel of small business leaders with as Treasury Secretary, and whenever cabinet secretary asks you to do stuff, then you typically say yes. But it is in one of those parts of LA, which is a nice part of town, Thousand Oaks, California, but a good solid hour plus from where I live. And so I decided that I would accept because he's a cabinet secretary, but I was committing to spend my entire Friday in the car, which is how these things go. So I'm heading out there after my busy work morning, which is always nonstop, leading Breitbart News, doing the show, getting some podcasts in, et cetera, trying to make all these things line up. And then I'm heading over there and I get a call from the Treasury Department and they say to me that, hey, the secretary's running late. Do you think you could entertain the audience for a while? And I said, what are you talking about? Doesn't make a lot of sense. So I'm a journalist here. Could you give a speech on, you know, all the like dunk on Newsom or something about stuff that's going on in California? And I thought for a second, I thought this is very bizarre. I got this Breitbart News. It used to be you wouldn't be allowed if you're a cabinet secretary in the room with the guy who runs Breitbart. And then now I was like, should I? Get up in front of a crowd that's there to see the Treasury Secretary and give an off-the-cuff speech like I'm in 9th grade speech and debate class, like I'm in Mr. Coombs' class at Harvard-Westlake, and I've got to do some sort of an activity. You get 30 minutes to give a speech on the state of business in California. And I said, yeah, why not? I'll do it. So I got up there in front of the crowd, and I got to say, a lot of Marlo Show fans, people were holding up their phone, showing the logo of the app. And then I got to lead this panel, small business panel after the speech, which went well. I got off a lot of jokes. I did forget one joke though, one of my favorite LA jokes. Sean, tell me if you've heard this one before. But you know how LA has the worst airport in the world? Worst in the world, everyone knows this. It's been ranked as the worst in the world. Do you know the terminals in the LAX airport, which is this bizarre horseshoe shape? If you wanna cut across, there's only one lane to get across the airport. The terminals are in order: 1, 2, 3, 4. You think I'm gonna say 5, right? No, it's B, then B, then 5, then 6, 7, and 8. So we actually put a B in the middle of 4 and 5. Why we did that, no one knows, but it just shows you the retardation of the people who laid out the city. And it's just one microcosm of all the things that go wrong here, is that we're the type of city that would put Terminal B between 4 and 5 because we just wanna confuse people. So 4 and 5 are super far apart, but 4 and, uh, 4 and 3 are near each other. 4 and B are somewhat near each other. That's the type of thing that goes on in LA. And then you wonder why there's homeless people literally being bussed in and dropped off here. And we're like, yeah, let's just give them some houses and stuff. That's how we operate here. And that's why there's so much discussion of what's going on in the LA mayor race, governor's race. And I'll have some of that to you on the show. But it was definitely a treat to get to speak off the cuff like I was in 9th grade speech and debate class, uh, talking about the city, which is sort of falling apart, and the state, which is falling apart. I, I have a refrain which I, I go to where I talk about how LA is number one and California is number one, but number one, if you're talking about illegal immigration, outmigration, crime, cost of living, gas prices, then, then we're number one. But we are not number one in just about anything else. And yet we've got the opportunity here. Tomorrow to start the process fixing stuff. And we can fix stuff if California votes for Steve Hilton for governor. Be ideally Steve Hilton, Chad Bianco's top 1 and 2, but that seems pretty far off. And then the mayor, the mayor's race with Spencer Pratt, Nitya Raman, who is an actual communist, and Karen Bass, who was in Ghana when the whole city burned down and does think that the solution to the homeless crisis that we have is to just do more of the same, to give her 4 years. Keep in mind, We haven't had a Republican governor in this or a Republican mayor for a couple decades. And so it's all an extension of the same one-party rule. And if you ask anyone, do you think that it's good to have one-party rule in a given city, in a given state? No one's going to say yes. No one in the entire world is going to say that it is a positive thing that we have one party that gets to dominate and never gets held to account. But because of the power of the unions, because Karen Bass has all the unions lying behind her, She is still the favorite to win, even though the city burned down on her watch and she had Easter dinner at Nobu San Diego, which I have an eyewitness who confirms that. Very odd person who said she would never leave the state if she was going to be— or no, I'm sorry, never leave the country if she's going to be mayor, and then left 5 times at least, the 5th being during when the city was burning down. She was in Ghana. So remarkable that this city could tolerate that. And I think it's a huge moment. The reason why I think it's a huge moment is because if California and LA don't vote properly tomorrow, if they don't vote for some sort of a change, then I do think that people are going to completely have given up on California. And I got to tell you, I think it's sort of a win-win as a media person, even though I'm here in California. I live just north of LA. I'm hoping for something that is unexpected to happen. I'm hoping for some sort of a big blowout where Spencer Pratt gets first in the LA mayor's race. Continues his momentum. And I'm hoping Steve Hilton runs away with the primary in the governor's race. He's not going to get to 50%, so he'll have to run in the general. But people really don't like Javier Becerra, who's likely the number 2. Tom Steyer is a guy who made his money on hedge funds and is completely zero charismatic attributes. He's no rizz. It's probably going to be one of those two in California. And we could perhaps have a scenario where we're going to have a 4 or 5 month window where we can get some enthusiasm and try to convince some people. It's going to take convincing liberals that what's going on in this state is not acceptable and it's not a good example for the rest of the country. California and LA used to be aspirational. My dad moved from the East Coast, came out here specifically because the idea, the concept of California, the concept of going west is inherent to the American dream. And now you're seeing people go from the west, go to Texas, go to Nashville, go to Florida, I'll tell you, I don't know any person right of center in this who lives in this state who isn't constantly looking at real estate and all those other parts of the world thinking, can I get out of here? Why not take some of the taxpayer dollars and start putting it towards places that actually keep our city safe, that get homeless off the street, that somehow get off the union addiction, get over that so we can start fixing the school system, start having a sane migration policy where we're not encouraging illegal aliens to come here. If we could start doing that, then of course California, given all this natural beauty, given the fact that we have this huge university system, given the fact that we have Silicon Valley at the middle of an AI boom, the biggest, hottest industry in the world is located here. And of course Hollywood, which for years exported an idea of Americana which the world loved, all that is still here and can be here again with some really common sense stuff. Focus on things like trying to make it so that people keep more of their money, So the businesses are encouraged to move here instead of move out of here. Make it so that the citizens are safe and we have parks are designed for the families and not for illegal alien criminals and drug addicts. And then also on a national level, make sure that we're not importing fentanyl from Mexico and China. All this stuff can happen and we're going to see if it's going to happen tomorrow. I will give you my prediction after the break on what will happen. And but I will say There is hope, and we love hope here on the Marlo Show. We'll be right back with more. All right, I've been talking about this for a few months now. Why? Because it's important and it's helping me. It's a handheld red light therapy device for pain and inflammation called the SuperPOM 1050.

[10:41] **Speaker A:** Most people don't realize how much personal information is bought and sold daily. Data brokers collect your data from public records and the internet, selling it without your consent to scammers and telemarketers. That's where Aura comes in. Aura automatically removes your data from broker sites and alerts you to dark web breaches. Plus, you get complete identity theft protection, a VPN, antivirus, and a password manager all in one app. Start your free trial at aura.com/safe.

[11:10] **Speaker B:** I use it right at home, and what I really like about it is it's actually working on my back and my knee, and no drugs, no invasion, and wow, have I generally noticed a difference. Here's how it works. SunPower LED makes devices that deliver red and near-infrared light energy directly into your cells, reduces pain and inflammation. The science is called photobiomodulation, or PBM, also known as red light therapy. You guys have heard about that. This isn't some trendy wellness fad though. PBM has been researched around the world for decades. In fact, according to the PBM Foundation, over 100 million patient treatments have been performed without any documented side effects. The engineering is impressive too. SunPower LED devices feature a patent-pending cooling system that lets you hold it closer to your skin, allowing deeper light penetration to reach your pain and inflammation. You can treat arthritis, knee pain, back, even tinnitus, joints, and more. The handheld SuperPOM 1050 also creates what's called a wall of light. The LEDs project at a 90-degree angle, which eliminates hotspots and spreads light evenly over a wider area, making it 5 to 9 times more effective than many alternative technologies. These are medical-grade PBM devices you can use at home, and they're also used by dentists, chiropractors, physiotherapists, wellness centers, and even researchers studying PBM. If you want to learn more, check them out at sunpowerled.com. If you use the code MARLOWE, you get 10% off. Feel better, be better, treat your pain and inflammation at home just like I do. sunpowerled.com, use the code MARLOWE. Alright, so at the bottom of the hour, which is when the minute hand on the analog clock points to the 6 at the bottom of the clock, that's what we call the bottom of the hour here in the radio business. I will give you my predictions for what's going to happen in California tomorrow and why I think there is some hope, and I'll tell you the keys to where that hope lies. But I do want to give you some national security foreign policy updates because that was the big news over the weekend. US-Iran conflict continued over the weekend. So the ceasefire, the fragile ceasefire which keeps getting interrupted. The US struck Iranian targets. They are of course branding this as self-defense, as they do all the time, on Iranian radar, air defenses, and drone command control sites in Gorek, which is in southern Iran, and Qeshm Island, which is in the Persian Gulf and the Persian Gulf Coast. So this is on Saturday and Sunday, and they said that they were responding to the Iran drone downing a US drone over international waters. Iran had a retaliatory strike on a base in Kuwait. So US forces are based in Kuwait, and they did have a strike on Kuwait. So this has caused oil markets to get concerned, make it feel like we're not as close to a peace as— every day I feel like I'm bringing you different news on the show. Are we closer to peace? Are we further away? Oil's up as we're recording today for this reason. So we continue to look at the Strait of Hormuz as a really substantial play that Iran is making that is at minimum dragging this stuff out. They're watching American media. They know this war is generally completely unpopular. It's anyone who doesn't trust Donald Trump does not like the war. And a lot of people who do trust, trust Trump are either neutral or negative on it. And that's the, the nature of where things are right now. I'm also seeing people in the more warmongering side of things, the more neoconservative side of things, talking about perhaps that it's going to take several years for us to completely rid Iran of this horrific regime, and we might need to, in order to preserve the peace and to make sure that nuclear development doesn't take place, we could be looking at a couple-year proposition. I'll tell you, people in my audience who generally trust President Trump probably are not going to be happy to get that sort of news if that becomes the plan. So again, this is a tough one, as complicated as it gets, the most complex issue that the president's had to deal with And with oil prices now jumping 7% as of the time we're recording today, and the fully closed Strait of Hormuz, again, this is the sort of thing where it could drag out in a negative way, or who knows, maybe we could come up with a deal tomorrow. All right, that's number one. Next one, Ebola, I'll give you a quick update there. Again, the disease talk is not always great radio, though I do love it. I do picture myself often when I'm behind the mic, it's the 1970s and it's Dawn of the Dead, and I'm broadcasting out to the world, the zombie apocalypse is coming. I can't quite go that far with Ebola, but it's not looking good.

[15:30] **Speaker C:** Here's something most people don't know. When Warren Buffett was just 13 years old, he didn't put his money into a savings account. While other kids were earning next to nothing at local banks, Buffett put $114 into a little-known investment. Today, that $114 would be worth over $15 million. And it wasn't a risky trade. It wasn't even insider knowledge. College. It was an account that's been around since 1888, and over the last 25 years, it's averaged 29% a year. That's what happens when your money is allowed to compound. Compare that to today's savings accounts, paying less than half a percent, while inflation quietly eats away at your buying power. Buffett understood early: banks are great businesses, just not for savers. If you'd like to see what some investors call the 29% account, go now to account29.com. That's account, the numbers, 29.com. Again, account29.com.

[16:28] **Speaker B:** Some positive news. World Health Organization has recovered— has says 5 people have recovered in the Democratic Republic of Congo. But travel situation not good. There's at least one case in Brazil, or two potential patients in Brazil. So Tedros, who is— was horrific during the pandemic, Dr. Tedros, but not a medical doctor, who runs the World Health Organization, seems to be putting out more reasonable statements this time. But the— China is now under a low threat level, um, but we're trying to keep an eye on this. But certainly we don't like this, and the doctors are very negative on this particular Ebola outbreak. It is the sort of thing where I'm hearing a lot of concern from people in my wife's line of work that they feel like that this is who's medical doctor, they're hearing about this more often than prior Ebolas and they're more concerned about it. I'll give you a positive, a medical development. So a new drug has now had unprecedented results for pancreatic cancer. This is one that has caused a lot of happy news in my wife's line of work as an oncologist. And this is the drug that I believe is the one that Ben Sasse is on. But there's a lot of reports that there is a fresh drug for pancreatic cancer that is now able to double life expectancy from 6 months with, for a stage 4 cancer patient to 13 months. And this of course double is great news. 13 months is a long time for people with that horrible diagnosis. It's a, but we've been using the same pancreatic cancer drugs in this country for about 30 or 40 years. We've had almost no innovation. And what's exciting about innovation is you don't know where it's gonna go from here. But there's a drug that's called Darazonrecib. I don't think that's— that's not— they got to work on that branding. Um, but anyways, there it's a— the enthusiasm is just through the roof because they're now in phase 3 trials, 500 patients showing double the survival time. And that's why Ben Sasse, I think, was given 4 months to live like 6, 7 months ago, is still here. I think that's the one he's on. And that's exciting stuff there, which is positive. And I, I love when we see this innovation because it just gives a lot of people hope that perhaps there are solutions around the corner, particularly for the worst viruses imaginable. All right, one more international item. Runoff in Colombia. This is really interesting between Abelardo de la Espriella. He's a businessman promising to build more prisons than Bukele is building in El Salvador. So he's branding himself as Trumpian. He's a family man, and he's someone who just wants to clean up the the trash, the human trash. And I think that's very cool. And he's going up against a guy who is a far leftist in that runoff, who is basically campaigning on lawfare against conservatives. That's his whole pitch is he's going to jail conservatives. So you've got a guy who's going to put the bad guys in jail versus the guy who is going to, who's going to prosecute conservative politicians. Very interesting development there. And I'll have more when we come back. All right. So when I was in Thousand Oaks, California, giving my off-the-cuff speech for the audience that was there to see the Treasury Secretary, which he did not get to see the speech, by the way, he got to see me moderate a panel that had way too many people on it. And so I barely got to interact with him at all. And then shaking hands. He's very nice, though. Very nice man. Scott Bessant, one of the sharpest guys around. And Pure MAGA. I got to talk about a lot of stuff that's important to me about how I feel like the Trump movement is responsible for resetting global American trade, resetting our economy, resetting the thoughts that we were too dependent on foreign suppliers, that we'd sort of fallen asleep and that we'd taken supply chains for granted. We were vulnerable when it comes to pharmaceuticals. We had taken cheap goods imported from China and elsewhere and thought that was a sign of a thriving economy. Not of a people that had this wonderful industrial base, this entrepreneurial spirit, the desire to build, the desire to create. And California was sort of the emblem of that, and then now that's fallen off. And so the big question that was on everyone's mind was, is there actually hope? Is there actually hope that we could come back? If you come back in California, the rest of the country abodes so well. And here is my short answer: we still have to overcome 2 massive things. First of all, we've had so much outmigration, not just from California, but from LA. So anyone who wants to vote for Spencer Pratt tomorrow, it's a limited group of people who can actually do it. Like guys in the studio, how many of you actually live in LA? Poll me and tell me my year, Sean, because I technically don't. I live in the city just adjacent to LA in LA County, so I don't get to vote. So a bunch of the people that I shout out on the show, don't actually— they're not necessarily voting in LA proper, even though we all work here and we spend time here and we spend, you know, sales tax dollars here. But a lot of people have left. And then you look at California, it's the same thing. A lot of people who might identify as a Californian in their heart, they're in Nashville, they're in Texas, they're in Florida already. And that's part of the thing that's happened is there's already been so many people who have left, and the illegal immigrants have continued to come establish families here.. And then there's always that pull for people who are of a liberal mindset to come to California, and we have to overcome that. Plus, as I've said, the unions— the state is run by the unions, and when it is a major political establishment, it has machines. Gavin Newsom, Kamala Harris, Javier Becerra— these people are machine politicians. Karen Bass— Karen Bass is the, the support of all of the unions. That's why she's polling better than Nitya Raman, who is on the city council. Who's further communist. She's more communist. She's more in the Mamdani, we're going to seize your property type wing. And she's now polling in third place because she does not have the institutional support. And this is why, of all the bad things that the left does— and I rant about the left all the time, and I rant about the Democrats all the time— you have to be aware, establishments, political establishments, are incredibly risky because they stifle thought. They mean that you can't have outside-the-box creative ideas. You can't think of, well, here's a problem that's been going on forever. Traffic, terrible airport, too much homelessness, too much illegal aliens. They can't have outside-the-box thinking because that's a rejection of the entire establishment. Okay, so let me give you some details from the race, the races that's coming up. I really enjoyed going looking at California in general where Steve Hilton, my friend, is on the ballot as well as another capable Republican named Chad Bianco. This was a cut of Hasan Piker, left-wing avatar for the far left, I would say the communist movement in this country, who is pro-China, pro-Cuba. We've been talking about him a lot on the show, and he was talking about exactly the concept I was just laying out. Cut 17, please, gentlemen.

[23:18] **Speaker D:** Javier Becerra is a machine politician. I will not vote for him.

[23:22] **Speaker B:** He's—

[23:23] **Speaker D:** he has been getting tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars gearing up for an opposition to Tom Steyer or Steve Hilton even from every single corporation. People will be like, oh, Tom Steyer made his money off this, Tom Steyer made his money off that. All of those companies are spending tens of millions of dollars against Tom Steyer right now. What the fuck are you talking about?

[23:45] **Speaker B:** Well, Tom Steyer made a bunch of money in hedge funds and he's tried to keep buying himself offices. So he just feels like Tom Steyer will be the closest to his political values. That's what it's about. These people don't care about character. More on that in a moment. One thing that's really interesting is I saw this clip of this guy named Doug Ellin who created the show Entourage, which is just a, uh, it's a love letter to LA. Um, and I, I always loved the show. It's kind of, it's kind of stupid fun, but it's very much a male fantasy of a show. But growing up in LA, it made LA look very glamorous and cool. It's following around a movie star and a bunch of his friends as they go around LA having the time of their lives, getting jobs and and going to parties and being with girls, all that fun stuff. And the show was an absolute blast. And he's someone who I always thought was kind of flirtatious with conservative politics, but he's always said he doesn't like Trump. But he's been out there really hard riding for Spencer Pratt, like out and proud, saying, I'm supporting Spencer Pratt's campaign. This is the type of thing we need to see. Let me play. We got a cut of this, guys. I hope you have your dump button ready. I don't know if we— hopefully we got all the bad words in it, but let's play Cut 22, please.

[24:48] **Speaker E:** Hey, LA Times gaslighters. It's weird. One of 15 cameras that I now have at this house. Two German Shepherds, three legal guns. Five years ago, didn't lock a door here, but you know what happened? Two animals invaded my house. It's not made up. It's not false. And this city has collapsed in the last five years. There is no denying it unless you have an agenda, and I don't know what that is. But you say, oh, Spencer Pratt has no experience, so how can we possibly think about this? What experience did Karen Bass have? Rick Caruso, who we know can build things, who we know can fix problems, when you made sure he couldn't win. So right now you're putting people in the same position that you did with Trump, who I did not vote for, by the way. You put him in by making sure we had no fucking option.

[25:35] **Speaker B:** He is a victim of a home invasion. I have my parents-in-law who live in LA proper and in a very, very nice part of town. And I'll tell you constantly, you have to be so vigilant. About locking your cars, not leaving your purse out in front of the car. I wrote about this in Breaking Biden, about how there was a warning that was put out not to leave water bottles out because people break into your car to get water bottles, get the 10-cent recycling, uh, purchase, the whatever it is, the rebate. You go to the recycling center, you get 10, you get 10 cents for a water bottle. That's the level of crime that's here because we have a society that's protected the criminals. So a couple of things in there, there that are big. First of all, a guy who's successful in mainstream Hollywood saying flat out, we need change because we're rejecting the premise that we have to do the same thing over and over again, that we can't have just the status quo if we want to save the city. And there's a guy who represents exactly the opposite of the status quo, Spencer Pratt. So I'm going to support him because whatever we got now is not working. What is Kieran Bass's experience? Is ruining a city. So to argue Spencer Pratt has no experience, what does Spencer Pratt do? He's on reality TV and he was a gem entrepreneur. He was selling crystals. That's what he was doing. He was a crystal salesman. And so that's someone who has never been anywhere close to messing up a city. You got to admit that does not have that on his resume. But we need to get people who are sort of liberal to vote for him. And my prediction, unfortunately, is that there's just not enough of them. There's just not enough liberals who are willing to admit, I've been wrong all this time. Liberalism has not worked in California. Democrat rule has not worked in LA. And so we're going to vote the other way. So my official prediction is I do think that Hilton and Pratt make it to runoff. I do think that's going to happen. I don't know for sure, but I think so. But in a general, this is where the machine politics consolidate. And I'm putting a marker down now. He mentioned Rick Caruso there, who's a guy who I don't think super highly of in terms of agreeing with me on my MAGA-style politics, but is a builder, builds malls, high-end malls, very nice malls. And he ran against Karen Bass last time and narrowly lost. He's a guy who's Democrat, pro-abortion, but overall he's competent. And we don't care about competent. We care about pandering. Do you pander to my union? Do you pander to my agenda on a specific matter? Hopefully there's enough people whose agenda involves not having homeless crackheads like zombies wandering down the streets harassing their family. Hopefully there's enough people whose agenda is to make sure that they feel a little bit safer, that they're not going to have their home invaded despite the fact that they have expensive security systems. Maybe there are people who are fed up with the school system where we pay double what other states pay with worse results. But I don't know if that's how the mindset is out here, and my Unfortunately, I feel like that is not the standard. So what could be our savior, though, and what could be our savior, and why I hope these guys at least make it to the runoff, is because the Democrats are assembling the worst slate of politicians I think I've ever seen. And things somehow got even worse for Graham Plattner over the weekend, where the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times put out reports that Plattner had been sending sexually explicit text messages to women, between 6 and 12 women. He was even using a platform called Kik, which has had a lot of scandals for child sexual predation on the platform. And you're going to get one Democrat after the next, after the next, making excuses for Plattner, making excuses that this is all okay. And his campaign team is going to go out and act like, you know, he should be talking about sportsball with Dave Portnoy. That's how they're going to run this campaign. Not that he is a guy who has stolen valor as a fake populist, someone who said he wanted to go to war to kill the bad guys and then complained about getting sent to war. A guy with a literal Nazi tattoo. That's sort of the elephant in the room here, right? The guy still has a Nazi tattoo that he now doesn't regret. I saw one tweet framing it up as an accidental Nazi tattoo. No, it was an intentional Nazi tattoo. Which they're forgiving all this stuff. Which I just find to be just, it's too much. It's just too much. The, it wasn't as if there wasn't enough bad stuff about Plattner. Now all of a sudden we know that he's sending sexually explicit texts to lots of women who are not his wife. They are the worst people in the world when it comes to having consistency, evading hypocrisy, and having competence. What has he done? What is the record that Graham Plattner's got? What's the record that Kieran Bass has got? Have these people— do they have anything to show for their lives other than that they can be righteous on social media complaining about Donald Trump and Republicans? James Tallarico. James Tallarico now has— he has now resorted to having such canned remarks that clips like this are possible. Cut 20, please.

[30:43] **Speaker F:** Well, you know, I've gone to every corner of Texas over the course of this campaign, from Beaumont to El Paso, from Amarillo to Brownsville and everywhere in between. And I can't tell you the number of people who come up to me at the end of these events and whisper, I'm not a Democrat, like they're— like they're in the witness protection program.

[31:02] **Speaker C:** Here's something most people don't know. When Warren Buffett was just 13 years old, he didn't put his money into a savings account. While other kids were earning next to nothing at local banks, Buffett put $114 into a little-known investment. Today, that $114 would be worth over $15 million. And it wasn't a risky trade. It wasn't even insider knowledge. It was an account that's been around since 1888, and over the last 25 years, it's averaged 29% a year. That's what happens when your money is allowed to compound. Compare that to today's savings accounts paying less than half a percent while inflation quietly eats away at your buying power. Buffett understood early: banks are great businesses, just not for savers. If you'd like to see what some investors call the 29% account, go now to account29.com. That's account, the numbers 2, 9, dot com. Again, account29.com.

[32:00] **Speaker B:** That was from— I saw the Mike Lee, the Based Mike Lee, which is actual Senator Mike Lee. It's funny that he does that. Senator Mike Lee's literal Twitter account is Based Mike Lee on it. So we're very, very all very online. But if you couldn't hear, that was Tallarico giving the exact answer, the exact verbiage at the exact cadence. That's how rehearsed he is. He's completely plastic. I got another Cal Rico cut I got to play. Cut 3, please. Do you still believe there are 6 biological sexes?

[32:37] **Speaker F:** I know there are 2 sexes, men and women. I also know there's a very small percentage of people who have these chromosomal abnormalities, and I believe they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.

[32:49] **Speaker B:** There you go. So he's come off it. That's good. That's an improvement. But that said, he did say there were 6 biological sexes in the past, and he's acting as though we don't dignify the other people. We do dignify them, but we also dignify men and women. Do you guys see what's going on out in California now? Now they're experimenting with— they're putting men and women on the women's podium. So the women are getting acknowledged, but so are the men who are fake women who are beating the women on the podium. So you're seeing like 9-people podium now. Women's sports. Okay, let's see how that's gonna go, California. That's the one thing we're number one at, at Breitbart. I'm sorry, in California. The number one thing in California that we are is men beating women in women's sports. That we are number one. All right, if you're looking to solve a major problem, which is looking out towards your future and to see if you can protect your money, one of the best things you can do is invest in precious metals. We are at a turning point right now because when conflict breaks out, as it has in the Middle East. You guys see what's happened with oil. It's surging. Gas prices are rising. Shipping costs spiking. Your dollar doesn't go as far as it used to. But one thing that you can do is if you were invested in precious metals, you know, silver's very hot right now, then this is a massive protection against this volatile time because gold's just solid. It's all physically, it's, it is solid in a figurative sense as well. So are you protected for what comes next? I think you should be in the gold business and silver as well. Lear Capital are my partners. Learalex.com is their website. 800-992-2255 is their phone number. Get their information. 800-992-2255. So I'm trying to share with you some positive ideas, some ideas about how to make America a more prosperous place. And I'm trying to contrast that with what the Democrats are going on about at this time, what matters to them. Tom Steyer, the billionaire socialist, yes, I know that's ironic, out in California, he was meeting with a person named A.B. Hernandez before a meet where A.B. Hernandez, a biological male, beat a bunch of women in sports. Can we play cut 7 please, guys?

[35:04] **Speaker G:** It's the job of the governor to stand between danger and Californians, and I mean it, and to make sure that people are safe and to protect them from all the malign influences in this world. And I take that super, super, super seriously for you, just so you know. And I'm so proud of you for what you're doing.

[35:22] **Speaker F:** Thank you.

[35:22] **Speaker G:** So proud of you for succeeding. So proud of you for competing. That's really the point. And I'm gonna Hope like heck that you don't just make state, but you do really well there. Thank you.

[35:35] **Speaker F:** Deal. Deal.

[35:36] **Speaker G:** Deal. Congratulations on what you've done as a mom, and congratulations for what you've done as an athlete. Thank you.

[35:41] **Speaker B:** Way to go. A bunch of winners.

[35:42] **Speaker F:** Thank you both.

[35:43] **Speaker B:** It sounds like he's going to cry. Is he going to cry? Is he going to cry? This is a young man who then would go on to finish first place, beating a female in a track competition. And the guy who wants to be governor wants to buy himself the governor's race in California, thinks that it is the brave person is the man who cosplays as a woman and then beats women in sports. And that's what's worthy of applause. So we're living completely different realities. Recall that Tallarico I've been talking about says that the number one thing that makes him happy in his heart, whatever is the thing, is trans children. Loves trans children. That's big for him. And we're in a media environment where people are not, I think, fully grasping this. I was reminded of this clip. This is from last year, uh, where Joe Rogan thought that Talarico should run for president. This is the top podcaster in the world. Cut 21, please.

[36:36] **Speaker F:** I do think, um, earnestness and hope and optimism are gonna make a comeback.

[36:42] **Speaker B:** Well, that's why people like you, I'd like to see more of in politics. You need to run for president. Man. Yeah, we need someone who's actually a good person. He's a fantastic person, just loves transing the kids. Like, that's really good. It's the CBS News— apparently this is according to Radar Online, which is a tabloid, so I don't know if this is, if this is true, but Radar Online is reporting that CBS News wants Joe Rogan to work for them on 60 Minutes. That feels like that could be fake. I could be getting a hoax on that. Remember, CBS News is right-wing now. So the idea is to get a podcaster who's not super political but thinks Tallarico with his trans kid should run for president. We need to solve major problems here in this country. We've got a lot of big ones and we keep creating new ones for ourselves, like men beating women in sports, for example. It's pretty high on the list. We caught this one at Breitbart over the weekend. This is Congresswoman Latifah Simon out of California, where else, talking about how we need an underground railroad for abortions. Cut 11, please.

[37:43] **Speaker H:** The Supreme Court, it's not the Roberts Court, it's the Trump Court. Okay, and the Trump Court is hell-bent on bringing us back to a Jim Crow South. It's hell-bent, and it has taken the bodily autonomy away from young women and girls in terms of their abortion rights and their reproductive health rights. Uh, the administration is extremely clear on how they view women and disabled people. There's over 20 states right now where women can't access the right to abortion. We have to create underground railroads. We have to ensure that our college in universities. We're holding our presidents to account to say stop sending the names of protesters to this evil DOJ, from the courts to every single department within the administration.

[38:25] **Speaker B:** Wait a minute, we hate the disabled now? This is new. I didn't know that. I knew that we were supposed to hate the Blacks. I know that, like, that's what we on the right— even though Blacks are moving towards Trump at a pretty rapid rate, we're supposed to hate the Latinxs even though they're voting for Trump now. But now we hate the disabled. Come on. It's like, we don't hate everyone. Say, what do we have against the disabled? We have nothing against the disabled. It's blasphemy. All right. But it just shows you that she thinks we need an underground railroad to keep the mass slaughter of nascent human life going. That's what's so important, Democrats, that we need to have a, a, because of the Jim Crow nature of our country and the Trump court, because Trump had Supreme Court picks, as is his right per the Constitution. We now have an underground railroad so we can keep slaughtering babies without any restrictions whatsoever. Very compelling stuff. Over on MSNBC, a guy named Ali Velshi, who I believe is an immigrant to this country, he was advocating against celebrating America 250. Play cut 18, please, gentlemen.

[39:27] **Speaker G:** In one month, America will mark the 250th anniversary of its founding. Like previous anniversaries, there is a deep unease about this. I feel a deep unease about these celebrations to which I am invited to mark the 250th anniversary of our so-called democracy.

[39:46] **Speaker B:** It's just unbelievable. He got the hairy, hairy glasses. He's got just a gorgeous head of skull. He's from Canada and he gesticulates with his hands like Gavin Newsom. And he says flat out, you should not be celebrating this country. Well, please go back to Canada run by Justin Trudeau, Fidel Castro's son. Whenever you like, Ali Velshi. That's today's show. Go in peace to love and serve the Lord.
