# RJS - 5/22/26 - Segment 9

**Show:** The Regular Joe Show
**Date Published:** 2026-05-22
**Date Found:** 2026-05-22
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/the-regular-joe-show/rjs-5-22-26-segment-9?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 15 minutes

## Summary

This 15-minute episode of The Regular Joe Show mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Regular Joe Show

## Key Moment

> "It's a new season and I'm in a new ride courtesy of Joe and Dan Witt, the Witt Boys. You can visit Joe in Pulaski and Dan in Crivitz. Right now they've got me driving a 2023 all-wheel drive Ford Edge, and right now you can get it when you go to visit them and tell them live life boldly for as low as $34,491. And remember, minimum trade-in is $3,500. Not sure if you can make it work? Don't worry, they have a guaranteed credit approval process. That can get you approved even if you've been turned down in the past. This Ford Edge is a smooth ride, it has privacy windows in the back, and it has the panoramic sunroof on the top. You won't want to miss out on this opportunity if you're looking for a quality used vehicle. Whether you're looking for new or previously owned, check out whitauto.com. Don't worry if you don't see what you want there, you can go out to see them in Pulaski and Cravitz. Make sure to tell them Regular Joe sent you. Use the phrase that'll get you the best deal: Live Life Boldly. Fighting for truth, justice, and the American way. Without the cape or the superpowers, not even a sidekick. Heck, we don't even have fancy gadgets. This is just Joe and his trusty microphone, made in the USA. This is the Regular Joe Show. Well, hello there and welcome. Joe Giganti, your Regular Joe. Hour number 3 already on this Freedom Friday edition of Memorial Day weekend of the Regular Joe Show. I just saw a breaking news bulletin. We all did. We laughed. We're like, oh, that's breaking news. And the other breaking news is this day ends— the name of this day ends in Y. It's like, how is this— everything unfortunately has become breaking news even when it is Not much to cover in this hour. We will be racing through it all. Uh, plus we'll have a few calls at 888-737-1737 is the number. 888-737-1737. Hello again, Joe Gigante, your regular Joe. Always an honor, a privilege, and a pleasure to be with you, uh, and glad that you are with us here today. Now, starting out as we have each and every Freedom Friday, Each hour we have a quote for the hour. In hour number 1, from St. Bernard, excuse me, St. Bernard of Clairvaux. It's always, you know, that's one of those names, Bernard, Bernard, could go either way. It is by the virtue of sacrifice that the soul rises above the body. It is by the virtue of sacrifice that the soul rises above the body. The body. Our number 2 was from Calvin Coolidge: The nation that forgets its defenders will itself be forgotten. So true and beautiful, but yet a very prescient warning. And here in our number 3, our Freedom Friday quote of the hour on this third hour of the Memorial Day edition: It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. General George S. Patton. It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. And so true. And so many that have lived here in these United States and that have been willing to answer that call. At a moment's notice and to be willing to do that greatest thing. What we're told is the greatest thing is to love someone so much as to lay down your life for them, as Christ laid down his life on earth for us as well. Beautiful third hour quote here from General George S. Patton. Now, of course, we've been asking, how do you celebrate Memorial Day? Got a great email from one of our merry band of regulars, Tom. Uh, now, okay, maybe I missed it, but he didn't give me a town, so I, I can read it, but there's going to be— the key is at the end, he says, hey, come out and join us. Uh, maybe you— do you know where Calvary Cemetery is? Uh, there's a lot of them. Uh, anyways, Tom said, I'm playing Taps for the Walking Rosary at Calvary Cemetery for the 4th year in conjunction, conjunction with Boy Scout Troop 777. Kind of beautiful. That's the, the Boy Scout troop's number. The troop and people say a rosary as they walk through the grounds to honor those who gave all for their country. After they come back to the mausoleum, they wait until I play taps, and then we go to the mausoleum for mass for our fallen heroes. This tradition has been going on for more than 50 years, and I went there many years with my parents as my dad was in World War II as part of the Army Air Corps in England, which again, awesome. It's so, so beautiful. Now he tells me how he got into this, and I just, I think, I thank you for sharing this, Tom, because again, beautiful story. My father had asked me to play Taps at his funeral. I agreed to do so even though I didn't think I could get through it. 17 years later, I played Taps for my brother-in-law, who was a veteran of Vietnam. One year, the Scouts had no one to play Taps, as they usually had a Scout do that, so I volunteered, and it has been an honor for me. So there's how the transition where he gets there. So the Walking Rosary begins at 8:00 AM, the Mass follows at 8:30. Start your day out right, he wrote. Be there. Tom tells the town. I'll make sure to tell them as well. But yeah, and again, what Tom's describing, by the way, beautiful. Thank you for what you do, Tom. It is beautiful. I know for a fact that towns all over this nation start their day out in a very similar way. Prayer services, the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, whatever it might be in their town, usually again Boy Scouts, the playing of Taps. It is well worth the effort to be there, and I appreciate what you're doing. Thank you for that. Now, our good news here, uh, we've got two pieces, but this first one, I think it's good news. I don't know that this— that one time this was kind of a divisive topic. I don't know that it's divisive anymore. Uh, now I grew up on the East Coast, but it did— we still had this— we had this change, but it didn't impact us as directly, and that is daylight savings time. Versus daylight time. There's the switching of the clocks originally, you know, help with the harvest and everything else, have more daylight. Well, nowadays it's really kind of a non-issue with all the technology, floodlights, all the things we can do. Well, President Donald Trump is throwing his support behind a bill that would end the twice-per-year clock changes. The Sunshine Protection Act would make daylight savings time permanent all year. The bill is part of a larger Motor Vehicle Modernization Act, which the House Energy and Commerce Committee has advanced in a 48-1 vote. Quote, this is so important, this is so important in that hundreds of millions of dollars are spent every year by people, cities, and states being forced to change their clocks. Many of these clocks are located in towers, and the cost of renting or using heavy equipment to do this twice a year is prohibitive, Trump wrote in a post on Truth Social. The bill is being sponsored by Representative Vern Buchanan, a Republican out of Florida. He just called it a common sense reform. He said, my Sunshine Protection Act will bring us one step closer to ending the outdated and unpopular practice of changing our clocks twice a year. Floridians and Americans across the country are tired of biannual time change, and the evidence is clear that permanent daylight savings time can improve public health, reduce traffic accidents, and lower crime, and encourage more outdoor activity. I agree. I, I've long wanted to get rid of it myself. Charlie, you're ambivalent. Is that ambivalence, or you just disagree? I can't tell. If you get worked up over daylight savings time, you're as soft as four-ply. Why do you do this? See, when I give you the chance to talk, I'm taking a sip out of my drink. You've got to give me at least a moment to swallow whatever I— that's terrible. Do you know how the rum burns if I do this wrong? Oh wait, I mean, I just— I meant— yeah, never mind. Anyway, so I didn't say I don't get worked up about it, but I think it's a good bit. But it has been a contentious issue. They've addressed— there's been efforts in the past to change it. And there's been pretty heavy pushback. You don't care one way or the other. Yeah, it doesn't kill anybody. Like, get over it. I don't know. I mean, according to this, it's killed some. Yeah, I'm just saying. Soft. People that are sleepy and they get behind the wheel, things go bad. Casey, does it matter to you? Uh, I— when it happens, it matters, but I don't really know how I would want it to be. So you're There you can, you can roll with the punches. That almost makes you tougher than Charlie. I'm just saying. I just did it to give Charlie a hard time. So I, so the good— I think it's good news he's throwing his weight behind it. You know what I honestly hope? Honestly, if they just be to be done with it. I, I truly hope that they just pass the bill, make it a law, move forward. And if it affects the rest of the world, I don't care. Again, that's not my job. Now, last hour we played this insanity between Candace Owens and Hunter Biden. I'm not going to waste any more time on it, but it's always interesting to expose lunacy of one form or another. Now, Karen Bass is in the fight of her life to, to win election to stay as Los Angeles's mayor. She is being challenged by a young upstart named Spencer Pratt. Who at every turn has, in my humble opinion, outmaneuvered her and is frankly just a better candidate. His knowledge, depth and breadth of knowledge of the issues, has been impressive despite her protestations to the contrary. And every time— I mean, TMZ tried to do a hit job on him, that didn't work well. She constantly is taking swipes at him. She can't address her own inequity, her very glaring inequities, like leaving the country to attend some event in Africa, in a country in Africa. Some say it was Wakanda, we don't know. But to go there while LA burned— well, the latest is— and by the way, she prefers to call homeless people unhoused. You know why? Because they want to make it like we're bad people that we call it what it is. You're homeless. Saying unhoused doesn't make them less dangerous, doesn't make them less mentally ill, doesn't make them less drug dependent. It's just a fancy way of— and again, you talk about PSYOPs, when you want to talk about PSYOPs, talk about this stuff. This is psychological operations in terms of how they try to change the language, how they try to make you, force you to say things so as to change the way you think the way you view things. He took her on about the homelessness and the unhoused in Los Angeles. When she last ran, she said by 2026 there'd be nobody homeless. They'd eliminate all homelessness. By best accounts, I think she's eliminated 12%, and her answer is, "Well, I didn't know it was going to be so hard." So you were unqualified and lied about it? You made empty promises because they sounded good so you could get elected, but now we should re-elect you because now you really mean it. Well, here she tries to challenge Spencer Pratt for his lack of knowledge."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "It's a new season and I'm in a new ride courtesy of Joe and Dan Witt, the Witt Boys. You can visit Joe in Pulaski and Dan in Crivitz. Right now they've got me driving a 2023 all-wheel drive Ford Edge, and right now you can get it when you go to visit them and tell them live life boldly for as low as $34,491. And remember, minimum trade-in is $3,500. Not sure if you can make it work? Don't worry, they have a guaranteed credit approval process. That can get you approved even if you've been turned down in the past. This Ford Edge is a smooth ride, it has privacy windows in the back, and it has the panoramic sunroof on the top. You won't want to miss out on this opportunity if you're looking for a quality used vehicle. Whether you're looking for new or previously owned, check out whitauto.com. Don't worry if you don't see what you want there, you can go out to see them in Pulaski and Cravitz. Make sure to tell them Regular Joe sent you. Use the phrase that'll get you the best deal: Live Life Boldly. Fighting for truth, justice, and the American way. Without the cape or the superpowers, not even a sidekick. Heck, we don't even have fancy gadgets. This is just Joe and his trusty microphone, made in the USA. This is the Regular Joe Show. Well, hello there and welcome. Joe Giganti, your Regular Joe. Hour number 3 already on this Freedom Friday edition of Memorial Day weekend of the Regular Joe Show. I just saw a breaking news bulletin. We all did. We laughed. We're like, oh, that's breaking news. And the other breaking news is this day ends— the name of this day ends in Y. It's like, how is this— everything unfortunately has become breaking news even when it is Not much to cover in this hour. We will be racing through it all. Uh, plus we'll have a few calls at 888-737-1737 is the number. 888-737-1737. Hello again, Joe Gigante, your regular Joe. Always an honor, a privilege, and a pleasure to be with you, uh, and glad that you are with us here today. Now, starting out as we have each and every Freedom Friday, Each hour we have a quote for the hour. In hour number 1, from St. Bernard, excuse me, St. Bernard of Clairvaux. It's always, you know, that's one of those names, Bernard, Bernard, could go either way. It is by the virtue of sacrifice that the soul rises above the body. It is by the virtue of sacrifice that the soul rises above the body. The body. Our number 2 was from Calvin Coolidge: The nation that forgets its defenders will itself be forgotten. So true and beautiful, but yet a very prescient warning. And here in our number 3, our Freedom Friday quote of the hour on this third hour of the Memorial Day edition: It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. General George S. Patton. It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. And so true. And so many that have lived here in these United States and that have been willing to answer that call. At a moment's notice and to be willing to do that greatest thing. What we're told is the greatest thing is to love someone so much as to lay down your life for them, as Christ laid down his life on earth for us as well. Beautiful third hour quote here from General George S. Patton. Now, of course, we've been asking, how do you celebrate Memorial Day? Got a great email from one of our merry band of regulars, Tom. Uh, now, okay, maybe I missed it, but he didn't give me a town, so I, I can read it, but there's going to be— the key is at the end, he says, hey, come out and join us. Uh, maybe you— do you know where Calvary Cemetery is? Uh, there's a lot of them. Uh, anyways, Tom said, I'm playing Taps for the Walking Rosary at Calvary Cemetery for the 4th year in conjunction, conjunction with Boy Scout Troop 777. Kind of beautiful. That's the, the Boy Scout troop's number. The troop and people say a rosary as they walk through the grounds to honor those who gave all for their country. After they come back to the mausoleum, they wait until I play taps, and then we go to the mausoleum for mass for our fallen heroes. This tradition has been going on for more than 50 years, and I went there many years with my parents as my dad was in World War II as part of the Army Air Corps in England, which again, awesome. It's so, so beautiful. Now he tells me how he got into this, and I just, I think, I thank you for sharing this, Tom, because again, beautiful story. My father had asked me to play Taps at his funeral. I agreed to do so even though I didn't think I could get through it. 17 years later, I played Taps for my brother-in-law, who was a veteran of Vietnam. One year, the Scouts had no one to play Taps, as they usually had a Scout do that, so I volunteered, and it has been an honor for me. So there's how the transition where he gets there. So the Walking Rosary begins at 8:00 AM, the Mass follows at 8:30. Start your day out right, he wrote. Be there. Tom tells the town. I'll make sure to tell them as well. But yeah, and again, what Tom's describing, by the way, beautiful. Thank you for what you do, Tom. It is beautiful. I know for a fact that towns all over this nation start their day out in a very similar way. Prayer services, the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, whatever it might be in their town, usually again Boy Scouts, the playing of Taps. It is well worth the effort to be there, and I appreciate what you're doing. Thank you for that. Now, our good news here, uh, we've got two pieces, but this first one, I think it's good news. I don't know that this— that one time this was kind of a divisive topic. I don't know that it's divisive anymore. Uh, now I grew up on the East Coast, but it did— we still had this— we had this change, but it didn't impact us as directly, and that is daylight savings time. Versus daylight time. There's the switching of the clocks originally, you know, help with the harvest and everything else, have more daylight. Well, nowadays it's really kind of a non-issue with all the technology, floodlights, all the things we can do. Well, President Donald Trump is throwing his support behind a bill that would end the twice-per-year clock changes. The Sunshine Protection Act would make daylight savings time permanent all year. The bill is part of a larger Motor Vehicle Modernization Act, which the House Energy and Commerce Committee has advanced in a 48-1 vote. Quote, this is so important, this is so important in that hundreds of millions of dollars are spent every year by people, cities, and states being forced to change their clocks. Many of these clocks are located in towers, and the cost of renting or using heavy equipment to do this twice a year is prohibitive, Trump wrote in a post on Truth Social. The bill is being sponsored by Representative Vern Buchanan, a Republican out of Florida. He just called it a common sense reform. He said, my Sunshine Protection Act will bring us one step closer to ending the outdated and unpopular practice of changing our clocks twice a year. Floridians and Americans across the country are tired of biannual time change, and the evidence is clear that permanent daylight savings time can improve public health, reduce traffic accidents, and lower crime, and encourage more outdoor activity. I agree. I, I've long wanted to get rid of it myself. Charlie, you're ambivalent. Is that ambivalence, or you just disagree? I can't tell. If you get worked up over daylight savings time, you're as soft as four-ply. Why do you do this? See, when I give you the chance to talk, I'm taking a sip out of my drink. You've got to give me at least a moment to swallow whatever I— that's terrible. Do you know how the rum burns if I do this wrong? Oh wait, I mean, I just— I meant— yeah, never mind. Anyway, so I didn't say I don't get worked up about it, but I think it's a good bit. But it has been a contentious issue. They've addressed— there's been efforts in the past to change it. And there's been pretty heavy pushback. You don't care one way or the other. Yeah, it doesn't kill anybody. Like, get over it. I don't know. I mean, according to this, it's killed some. Yeah, I'm just saying. Soft. People that are sleepy and they get behind the wheel, things go bad. Casey, does it matter to you? Uh, I— when it happens, it matters, but I don't really know how I would want it to be. So you're There you can, you can roll with the punches. That almost makes you tougher than Charlie. I'm just saying. I just did it to give Charlie a hard time. So I, so the good— I think it's good news he's throwing his weight behind it. You know what I honestly hope? Honestly, if they just be to be done with it. I, I truly hope that they just pass the bill, make it a law, move forward. And if it affects the rest of the world, I don't care. Again, that's not my job. Now, last hour we played this insanity between Candace Owens and Hunter Biden. I'm not going to waste any more time on it, but it's always interesting to expose lunacy of one form or another. Now, Karen Bass is in the fight of her life to, to win election to stay as Los Angeles's mayor. She is being challenged by a young upstart named Spencer Pratt. Who at every turn has, in my humble opinion, outmaneuvered her and is frankly just a better candidate. His knowledge, depth and breadth of knowledge of the issues, has been impressive despite her protestations to the contrary. And every time— I mean, TMZ tried to do a hit job on him, that didn't work well. She constantly is taking swipes at him. She can't address her own inequity, her very glaring inequities, like leaving the country to attend some event in Africa, in a country in Africa. Some say it was Wakanda, we don't know. But to go there while LA burned— well, the latest is— and by the way, she prefers to call homeless people unhoused. You know why? Because they want to make it like we're bad people that we call it what it is. You're homeless. Saying unhoused doesn't make them less dangerous, doesn't make them less mentally ill, doesn't make them less drug dependent. It's just a fancy way of— and again, you talk about PSYOPs, when you want to talk about PSYOPs, talk about this stuff. This is psychological operations in terms of how they try to change the language, how they try to make you, force you to say things so as to change the way you think the way you view things. He took her on about the homelessness and the unhoused in Los Angeles. When she last ran, she said by 2026 there'd be nobody homeless. They'd eliminate all homelessness. By best accounts, I think she's eliminated 12%, and her answer is, "Well, I didn't know it was going to be so hard." So you were unqualified and lied about it? You made empty promises because they sounded good so you could get elected, but now we should re-elect you because now you really mean it. Well, here she tries to challenge Spencer Pratt for his lack of knowledge."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** It's a new season and I'm in a new ride courtesy of Joe and Dan Witt, the Witt Boys. You can visit Joe in Pulaski and Dan in Crivitz. Right now they've got me driving a 2023 all-wheel drive Ford Edge, and right now you can get it when you go to visit them and tell them live life boldly for as low as $34,491. And remember, minimum trade-in is $3,500. Not sure if you can make it work? Don't worry, they have a guaranteed credit approval process. That can get you approved even if you've been turned down in the past. This Ford Edge is a smooth ride, it has privacy windows in the back, and it has the panoramic sunroof on the top. You won't want to miss out on this opportunity if you're looking for a quality used vehicle. Whether you're looking for new or previously owned, check out whitauto.com. Don't worry if you don't see what you want there, you can go out to see them in Pulaski and Cravitz. Make sure to tell them Regular Joe sent you. Use the phrase that'll get you the best deal: Live Life Boldly. Fighting for truth, justice, and the American way. Without the cape or the superpowers, not even a sidekick. Heck, we don't even have fancy gadgets. This is just Joe and his trusty microphone, made in the USA. This is the Regular Joe Show. Well, hello there and welcome. Joe Giganti, your Regular Joe. Hour number 3 already on this Freedom Friday edition of Memorial Day weekend of the Regular Joe Show. I just saw a breaking news bulletin. We all did. We laughed. We're like, oh, that's breaking news. And the other breaking news is this day ends— the name of this day ends in Y. It's like, how is this— everything unfortunately has become breaking news even when it is Not much to cover in this hour. We will be racing through it all. Uh, plus we'll have a few calls at 888-737-1737 is the number. 888-737-1737. Hello again, Joe Gigante, your regular Joe. Always an honor, a privilege, and a pleasure to be with you, uh, and glad that you are with us here today. Now, starting out as we have each and every Freedom Friday, Each hour we have a quote for the hour. In hour number 1, from St. Bernard, excuse me, St. Bernard of Clairvaux. It's always, you know, that's one of those names, Bernard, Bernard, could go either way. It is by the virtue of sacrifice that the soul rises above the body. It is by the virtue of sacrifice that the soul rises above the body. The body. Our number 2 was from Calvin Coolidge: The nation that forgets its defenders will itself be forgotten. So true and beautiful, but yet a very prescient warning. And here in our number 3, our Freedom Friday quote of the hour on this third hour of the Memorial Day edition: It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. General George S. Patton. It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. And so true. And so many that have lived here in these United States and that have been willing to answer that call. At a moment's notice and to be willing to do that greatest thing. What we're told is the greatest thing is to love someone so much as to lay down your life for them, as Christ laid down his life on earth for us as well. Beautiful third hour quote here from General George S. Patton. Now, of course, we've been asking, how do you celebrate Memorial Day? Got a great email from one of our merry band of regulars, Tom. Uh, now, okay, maybe I missed it, but he didn't give me a town, so I, I can read it, but there's going to be— the key is at the end, he says, hey, come out and join us. Uh, maybe you— do you know where Calvary Cemetery is? Uh, there's a lot of them. Uh, anyways, Tom said, I'm playing Taps for the Walking Rosary at Calvary Cemetery for the 4th year in conjunction, conjunction with Boy Scout Troop 777. Kind of beautiful. That's the, the Boy Scout troop's number. The troop and people say a rosary as they walk through the grounds to honor those who gave all for their country. After they come back to the mausoleum, they wait until I play taps, and then we go to the mausoleum for mass for our fallen heroes. This tradition has been going on for more than 50 years, and I went there many years with my parents as my dad was in World War II as part of the Army Air Corps in England, which again, awesome. It's so, so beautiful. Now he tells me how he got into this, and I just, I think, I thank you for sharing this, Tom, because again, beautiful story. My father had asked me to play Taps at his funeral. I agreed to do so even though I didn't think I could get through it. 17 years later, I played Taps for my brother-in-law, who was a veteran of Vietnam. One year, the Scouts had no one to play Taps, as they usually had a Scout do that, so I volunteered, and it has been an honor for me. So there's how the transition where he gets there. So the Walking Rosary begins at 8:00 AM, the Mass follows at 8:30. Start your day out right, he wrote. Be there. Tom tells the town. I'll make sure to tell them as well. But yeah, and again, what Tom's describing, by the way, beautiful. Thank you for what you do, Tom. It is beautiful. I know for a fact that towns all over this nation start their day out in a very similar way. Prayer services, the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, whatever it might be in their town, usually again Boy Scouts, the playing of Taps. It is well worth the effort to be there, and I appreciate what you're doing. Thank you for that. Now, our good news here, uh, we've got two pieces, but this first one, I think it's good news. I don't know that this— that one time this was kind of a divisive topic. I don't know that it's divisive anymore. Uh, now I grew up on the East Coast, but it did— we still had this— we had this change, but it didn't impact us as directly, and that is daylight savings time. Versus daylight time. There's the switching of the clocks originally, you know, help with the harvest and everything else, have more daylight. Well, nowadays it's really kind of a non-issue with all the technology, floodlights, all the things we can do. Well, President Donald Trump is throwing his support behind a bill that would end the twice-per-year clock changes. The Sunshine Protection Act would make daylight savings time permanent all year. The bill is part of a larger Motor Vehicle Modernization Act, which the House Energy and Commerce Committee has advanced in a 48-1 vote. Quote, this is so important, this is so important in that hundreds of millions of dollars are spent every year by people, cities, and states being forced to change their clocks. Many of these clocks are located in towers, and the cost of renting or using heavy equipment to do this twice a year is prohibitive, Trump wrote in a post on Truth Social. The bill is being sponsored by Representative Vern Buchanan, a Republican out of Florida. He just called it a common sense reform. He said, my Sunshine Protection Act will bring us one step closer to ending the outdated and unpopular practice of changing our clocks twice a year. Floridians and Americans across the country are tired of biannual time change, and the evidence is clear that permanent daylight savings time can improve public health, reduce traffic accidents, and lower crime, and encourage more outdoor activity. I agree. I, I've long wanted to get rid of it myself. Charlie, you're ambivalent. Is that ambivalence, or you just disagree? I can't tell. If you get worked up over daylight savings time, you're as soft as four-ply. Why do you do this? See, when I give you the chance to talk, I'm taking a sip out of my drink. You've got to give me at least a moment to swallow whatever I— that's terrible. Do you know how the rum burns if I do this wrong? Oh wait, I mean, I just— I meant— yeah, never mind. Anyway, so I didn't say I don't get worked up about it, but I think it's a good bit. But it has been a contentious issue. They've addressed— there's been efforts in the past to change it. And there's been pretty heavy pushback. You don't care one way or the other. Yeah, it doesn't kill anybody. Like, get over it. I don't know. I mean, according to this, it's killed some. Yeah, I'm just saying. Soft. People that are sleepy and they get behind the wheel, things go bad. Casey, does it matter to you? Uh, I— when it happens, it matters, but I don't really know how I would want it to be. So you're There you can, you can roll with the punches. That almost makes you tougher than Charlie. I'm just saying. I just did it to give Charlie a hard time. So I, so the good— I think it's good news he's throwing his weight behind it. You know what I honestly hope? Honestly, if they just be to be done with it. I, I truly hope that they just pass the bill, make it a law, move forward. And if it affects the rest of the world, I don't care. Again, that's not my job. Now, last hour we played this insanity between Candace Owens and Hunter Biden. I'm not going to waste any more time on it, but it's always interesting to expose lunacy of one form or another. Now, Karen Bass is in the fight of her life to, to win election to stay as Los Angeles's mayor. She is being challenged by a young upstart named Spencer Pratt. Who at every turn has, in my humble opinion, outmaneuvered her and is frankly just a better candidate. His knowledge, depth and breadth of knowledge of the issues, has been impressive despite her protestations to the contrary. And every time— I mean, TMZ tried to do a hit job on him, that didn't work well. She constantly is taking swipes at him. She can't address her own inequity, her very glaring inequities, like leaving the country to attend some event in Africa, in a country in Africa. Some say it was Wakanda, we don't know. But to go there while LA burned— well, the latest is— and by the way, she prefers to call homeless people unhoused. You know why? Because they want to make it like we're bad people that we call it what it is. You're homeless. Saying unhoused doesn't make them less dangerous, doesn't make them less mentally ill, doesn't make them less drug dependent. It's just a fancy way of— and again, you talk about PSYOPs, when you want to talk about PSYOPs, talk about this stuff. This is psychological operations in terms of how they try to change the language, how they try to make you, force you to say things so as to change the way you think the way you view things. He took her on about the homelessness and the unhoused in Los Angeles. When she last ran, she said by 2026 there'd be nobody homeless. They'd eliminate all homelessness. By best accounts, I think she's eliminated 12%, and her answer is, "Well, I didn't know it was going to be so hard." So you were unqualified and lied about it? You made empty promises because they sounded good so you could get elected, but now we should re-elect you because now you really mean it. Well, here she tries to challenge Spencer Pratt for his lack of knowledge.

[12:17] **Speaker B:** I doubt that he knows, and many Angelenos know, that the fastest growing sector of the unhoused population are senior citizen women in their late 60s and 70s who have aged out of basically working in the service industry. No 401, no pension, maybe Social Security, but Social Security is not gonna support you. So I would be reluctant to call an 80-year-old woman a zombie. I don't think that her drug abuse led to her being on the street. I think it was economic factors. And then what I say to everybody is sleep on the street for a couple of weeks and tell me that your mental health— is the same as it was before you were unhoused.

[13:02] **Speaker A:** How about you do it first? How about you sleep a few weeks with a homeless and you tell us it's not about drugs, mental illness, or other physical challenges such as abuse? Now here's the thing, you've got to listen very carefully to how she sets this up. Here, just play it one more time, just the front end. When she gets to what the number one cause is according to her.

[13:29] **Speaker B:** I doubt that he knows, and many Angelenos know, that the fastest growing sector of the unhoused population are senior citizen women.

[13:38] **Speaker A:** Let me stop there. She wants you to believe the majority of the people on the streets in Los Angeles are senior citizen women who didn't have a retirement. But that's actually not what she said. This is where they play games with words. What she said is the fastest growing segment. In other words, where we've seen the most growth in the past whatever number of months she's looking at. That's not his claim. His claim is the majority of the people on the streets of Los Angeles are there because they are mentally ill or drug addicted or both. And guess what the numbers bear out? The majority of them— I'm looking right at the stats right now— anywhere between 30 to 52% are substance abuse issues. Anywhere from 27 to 35% are people with mental illness. The next biggest segment— and understand there's overlap in these segments— are those that suffer physical abuse, women that are being beaten. Or others' children that are being abused. Though the majority of people are not 80-year-old women that didn't have a 401. She wants you to think that by carefully choosing her words to make it appear that way. And this is the game they play. When I get back, I will share how Spencer Pratt responded. The Regular Joe Show.
