# (6-22-26) Ep. 236: Tehran Walks Out of Talks as U.S. Threatens Iran and Take Charge of the Strait of Hormuz & Much More.

**Show:** The Marco Gerace Show
**Date Published:** 2026-06-22
**Date Found:** 2026-06-22
**URL:** https://www.buzzsprout.com/2052577?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 61 minutes

## Summary

This 61-minute episode of The Marco Gerace Show mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, The Marco Gerace Show

## Key Moment

> "We already had that with the JCPOA. We already had IAEA inspectors going in. You can listen to reports from Rafael Grossi about this, who again said exactly what I've told you, that there is no nuclear weapons program. They have a civilian program. They have a medical program. They are not building a nuclear weapon though. They signed off on this. By the way, the Iranians, even after Trump took us out of the JCPOA in 2018, which again was ridiculous, didn't replace it with anything. Even after that, the Iranians still allow the IAEA to come in and inspect their facilities. Now, of course, you hear people like Marco Rubio and people of the such coming in and saying, well, the Iranians were never honest. They, they try to hide things from the weapons inspectors. Again, there's no proof of that. Where's the proof of this? Again, if there was proof of it, there would be a nuclear weapons program. But then they go on and say, again, more baseless things. All the nuclear dust is buried deep within the earth, then how do they have a nuclear weapons program? What are they feeding into these centrifuges, these cascades? What are they doing? How are they doing it? We were told they had about, what is it, 900 kilograms of the 60% highly enriched hexafluoride, uranium hexafluoride. So again, if it's buried deep within the earth, how are they building a nuclear weapon? How are they only weeks away from building a nuclear weapon? If it is inaccessible even to the Iranians? Does anybody want to answer that for me? Where is the logic in that statement? So either we didn't get all the nuclear enrichment, or they have access to it. But again, if they have it buried deep within the earth in Natanz, Fordow, Isfahan, then how are they building a nuclear weapon a year later? If it was destroyed last June, folks, again, I really want to understand this because it doesn't make any bit of any sense to me. That being said, you know, again, we talk about all these things, uh, that are going on. Uh, it's getting more and more out of hand. Uh, we think we're making a breakthrough, then Trump goes out and says something completely outlandish about what's going on, threatening the Iranians yet again. That is not going to get them to the table. The bullying has got to stop. You are in negotiations. If this is how Trump used to do his business deals, then this is— there is no art of the deal. That's not a deal. That's all threats. Threats are not deals. I'll just say that to you. But I do want to say a couple other things too that are again, blocking these talks from going forward, at least getting us good negotiations. Um, and this comes from Reuters. Ladies and gentlemen, now let me take a look at this for you so again we understand exactly what's going on here. It says there Israeli have now— the Israelis have now— Israeli fire kills 9 people in Gaza, including what, a child and journalist, so medics say. So even if there's a ceasefire in Gaza right now, which again everyone's eyes are off Gaza, it's now on Lebanon, it's now on Iran, we still have during a ceasefire, we still have people getting killed inside Gaza. Over 1,000 estimated Palestinians, 4 Israeli soldiers have been killed in Gaza since the October truce. So if we're not even honoring a ceasefire inside of Gaza right now, how could we come out and say that, oh yeah, we're going to have— definitely have one in Lebanon when we know this entire time there have been shellings, there have been bombings, There's been lack of humanitarian aid to come to the region. Why are the Israelis still striking inside of Gaza during a ceasefire? What's going on here? Where is Trump? He's supposed to be leading this board of peace in the region. Where is it? There isn't one. And again, that's part of the problem. That's why the Iranians want this deal to be signed and they want it to be honored by the United— UN Security Council. They want other people to recognize, they want other countries to recognize this, that yes, this is what the United States said they were going to do, this is what we said we are going to do. Now, you could like the deal, you could not like the deal, but let me just say this to you: when you have won a conflict, you are the ones that get to dictate the terms for the victory. The United States has not won the conflict. And that's all the proof you need to see right now. So you'll hear on Fox News, you'll hear on OAN, you'll hear on Newsmax, CNN, ABC, NBC, all these news organizations. Well, the Iranians are weak and this and that, their economy's crumbling, just a matter of time. We can just go back in really soon and continue bombing and everything will just be fine. Ladies and gentlemen, the idea that you would go in and continue to bomb yet again and expect something new would happen is complete insanity. There is no evidence that if we went in there, we would again make any difference in the government or their stance on things or any of their positions at this point. In other words, what I'm trying to tell you is that we bit off more than we could chew. And if we cannot get the Israelis to stop a ceasefire in Gaza right now, which again, they're supposed to be in, I don't know how you can say 1,000 people, at least 1,000 people killed, uh, in that matter of time is a ceasefire. It's not. It's a war zone. And the same thing applies to Lebanon. You can't have your troops advancing when you're supposed to be neutral. You're supposed to be in a standstill, especially when you're in another country's land. So again, what I'm trying to say to you is every time you hear the word ceasefire, that's usually time for what? An army to replenish, an army to get more resources in the region, to rest, to get ready for attacks later on. But what the Israelis tried to do was again advance in this time when they're supposed to be in a ceasefire. So Hezbollah responded to that, and then of course Israel responded to that, and again it goes back and forth. Back and forth. And just in case you, you don't believe me or you think I'm being too critical of Israel, folks, let me just point this out to you as well. This comes from the Times of Israel and says, well, good old Ben-Gavir, right? Itamar Ben-Gavir. This is the national security minister of Israel, and this is what he's saying right now. Just in case you believe that these ceasefires, this conflict with Lebanon is going to stop anytime soon. It says, after paying heavy prices over the past several years of war, we have reached the point closest to a decisive victory. This is what Ben-Gvir just said. He said that he's describing, uh, arguing what he calls weak ceasefires. And he wanted to say that the equation must be very simple and clear: the state of Israel must be safe. If Israel is not safe, Beirut will look like Biet Hanout. Again, I don't know what that is, but it doesn't matter. It says here, the State of Israel must act out of a clear principle. We appreciate our friends. We love President Trump. We first and foremost, the soldiers of Israel. First of all, our fighters. First of all, our residents, is what Ben-Gvir says. Now let me play you a clip of him though. You know, that sounds nice, doesn't it? Well, you know, we love our troops, we love President Trump, right? He's given us everything, we love him. But listen to what he has to say next, again about Lebanon. Take a listen. Lebanon, all of Lebanon should become our playground. All of Lebanon should be our target. And people say to me, wait a minute, but there's Lebanon and there's Hezbollah. I don't accept this artificial distinction. Lebanon is a country. There are Hezbollah members in the Lebanese government, ministers on behalf of Hezbollah. It has a revolving door policy. Does that sound like there's the ability for negotiations if we're going to lump everybody into Hezbollah? Hezbollah, which formed because of, again, Israel's illegal invasion of the country in 1978. Again, folks, there's a history here that spans through a long, vast period of time. Israel's illegal occupation in southern Lebanon in the late 1970s, the early 1980s is what birthed Hezbollah. That's what it formed. It's part of a political party. And their faction is, no, we're not going to allow this to take place. And you can look at other things too. The Lebanese government itself is really just a puppet government for The United States. That's why they always continue to stand down anytime Israel does anything. But this is problematic. If there was no illegal Israeli invasion into the country right now, if there was no illegal occupation, which again violates UN Charter 242, look it up if you don't believe me, there would be no Hezbollah. Hezbollah wouldn't exist. And the same thing goes with Hamas. Hamas would not exist if not for The clean break policy. Again, you can go read that online if you'd like. If you don't— again, if you don't believe me, go look it up. Look up the clean break policy. Look up what mowing the lawn means. My God, look at the history of the region. You'll see it. It's all there, folks. And I don't say this just to put people down. I'm just saying this because these are the facts. We have to acknowledge the facts. This is why this is happening. Right now. So they could say they love Trump, they love this, but what are they doing? They're turning their back on Trump. They're not happy with Trump. So now we're gonna mince everybody is now in Hezbollah. Again, they can designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. So now it makes sense. Okay, well, we can kill everybody now. We can get rid of everybody. We can remove everybody. We hear the same rhetoric about people in Gaza. Every Palestinian is a terrorist. Every Palestinian is a barbarian, inhumane. Every Gazan child is going to grow up and become a terrorist. You heard this from Danny Danon, the UN ambassador from Israel, saying this very much out in the open. This does not speak of peace, ladies and gentlemen. And when he says things like, my position is that we cannot tolerate a single tear from an Israeli mother. If there are tears from a thousand Lebanese mothers, we need to keep going. This is not about protection. This is about Greater Israel. I know some of you don't like to hear about that, but again, this is the truth, folks. So I'm going to tell it to you as is. This is what they want. They want the land. For themselves. And this is where they're going. And again, can Trump stop it? Apparently not. Apparently not. I had a clip from Netanyahu too, from Judge Napolitano's show. Brilliant clip. Uh, I'm not going to play it for you though right now, but again, it just reiterates exactly what I'm saying to you right now. He gives some random hypothetical. This is why we're doing this. Everyone claps like seals and you know, the, you know, the routine. Again, not based on any bit of reality. But here, but here's my point. By the way, Paul Craig Roberts again writes brilliantly about this. I'm going to read a little bit of this to you as well. He asked, is Trump delusional or is he deceiving his supporters by painting defeat as victory? That's a serious question. Is he delusional? Did he not understand what he was signing in the MOU was an unconditional surrender, but not by Iran, by the United States. Again, the Iranians made the 14 points. This is what we were looking at. This is what we're going with. So it's the Iranians that are accepting. Of course, the United States does not want the Iranians to have a nuclear weapon. Fine. But when we look at this, when we, we see this, this is a capitulation by the US. Iran has surrendered nothing. But again, the rah-rah American crowd will prefer the lie to the facts. This is the problem. Many Americans are just not seeing the reality of what's going on here right now. That this is part of the problem. And he says something really interesting. He says, when reality is unpleasant, they retreat into this kind of fictitious reality created for them by the political masters, uh, the prostitutes. I think of the legacy media. All their pundits, the corporations, anything they put forth. They would rather be unaware and unstressed than stressed and informed. So Trump keeps them up by, you know, placing all these different situations to them about how we've defeated them, how the US and Israel have again forced the Iranians into this unconditional surrender. And this is America's victory. We have no victory. Here? Where's the victory for this? Again, I encourage you to go read the 14 points if you have not already. Where is our victory? We had a strait that was open before this war. We had no toll system in that strait, which will be there after the 60 days of negotiations whether we like it or not. Trump is not going to control it, whatever he might say to you, or Lindsey Graham or anybody else like that. Because we would have done it already. So the big question is, where do we go from here? When are people gonna say we've had enough of this conflict? Again, we're seeing gas prices come down. People get excited. They think, okay, good. Everything's working out accordingly. That evil Iran, that number one state sponsor of terrorists— terrorism, excuse me— is no more. We defeated— look what Trump did. See, promises made, promises kept. Except he promised to us that there wasn't going to be a war, that he would work on diplomacy rather than, of course, wars. And of course he backtracked. Well, I didn't say there wouldn't be any wars. I just said there would be no forever wars. Is it a forever war? We've only been there for a couple months. Get cozy, folks. It's okay. No, no, you ran on no new wars. I played you the clips. You can go back and listen to them whenever you want. No new wars. And again, when you have a— the precipice for this is that Iran had a nuclear weapon, they were going to have it within a couple weeks, and then you come back and tell us, well, Iran and their nuclear dust is buried under all these nuclear facility sites. Then I ask you the question, well, how do they have access to this? How are they this close if everything's been buried underground. It's been there for, well, now a year. They can't get to it to give it to us, and we can't get down there to get it. So how are they making a bomb with this? Again, I'm asking for a friend. I don't understand this. So when we were told so many different things, it's just so discombobulated. It doesn't make any sense. There was no reason to have this conflict. It was obviously Israel's doing for regime change. They don't want to admit that. They want to make it now surrounded about— around this nuclear weapons program, which again does not exist. You can look at CIA information, you can look at obviously Tulsi Gabbard's information, you can listen to Joe Kent. These people saw the information, they saw the documentation. There is no nuclear weapons program. So you're going to bomb a country that doesn't have a nuclear weapons program so they don't have a nuclear weapons program? And if they wanted to build a bomb, if they're always so close Why not after JCPOA ended? Why didn't they build a bomb then? Why not during the Biden administration? That kowtow to them. Why didn't they build a bomb then? I'm not saying I want a nuclear-armed Iran, but what I am saying to you is that you cannot just make things up and expect everyone just to follow along with it. Either they have a nuclear weapons program, they have the capability to do so, or they don't. And everything leads to that they weren't working on a nuclear weapon. That's the fact. And as a result of all this, folks, the death toll in Iran right now since the war began is about 3,468. Again, this is from Iran's Ministry of Health, between 8 months and 88 years of age, folks. 7 infants, 376 children, 496 women. That we know of right now. And don't even get me started about the 165, 168 school-aged children, girls, uh, many of whom were incinerated because Pete Hegseth decided to remove the rules of engagement, took away the civilian harm mitigation risk that is supposed to be followed where we avoid strikes in areas where there are civilians. We did not do that. We didn't do positive identification. Again, we should be going in and looking at all these sites. But again, this is all recklessness. According to Pete Hegseth, these are stupid rules of engagement. No, no, Pete, these are international law. You don't bomb and kill civilians. You don't do that. And so I have to ask you again, does Trump really know what's going on? Does he realize he signed his own surrender to the Iranians. And he agreed that this is going to be the framework of which he works on. Again, it appears not, because he's very miffed that they're going to have tolls on the Strait of Hormuz. And of course, that if any of that rhetoric were to come back, for instance, that they would close it again, that the talks would cease to exist. And I think it's putting him in the position I said that could happen as a result of this. What did I tell you a couple weeks ago? There's intel coming out that if this does not work out, that if the Iranians completely disassociate with these negotiations, they leave the Non-Proliferation Treaty, and they actually get or acquire a nuclear weapon and detonate that inside Iran, that is a possibility that that could still happen. I hope it doesn't happen. I don't want that to happen. But why would you push a country to that position? And by the way, we know they know this because Marco Rubio knows this. That means President Trump knows this. If I know this, they know this. And I'm getting my intel from people that know people that run intel in a specific country. I won't say which country, but this is what was being said by very reliable sources. We're still in realm for that. So if we don't want a nuclear-armed Iran, Why push them in that direction? Why push them in that— does Trump want to be the president that was the president that allowed them to build a nuclear bomb? Ask yourself that. Uh, that would be detrimental to his legacy, I would have to say. And if he— excuse me— if he allows this to happen, if he allows it to happen, he will go down as the worst president in American history. Mark my words. If he allows this to happen, or if the economy— global economy, rather— completely tanks, which again, we know that could happen much sooner than later. So while you might see the gas prices going down right now, folks, again, a lot of it is because of the rhetoric. Wall Street is still listening to the rhetoric because we're not in a supply stranglehold yet. Once that stranglehold exists, once they realize this— you can go look at the words from the CEO of Chevron, We're about a billion barrels short of oil. That's a lot of oil in this country. We don't get the proper amount of oil coming in from Venezuela, from Russia, obviously from the Middle East now, where this crude oil comes in that is used to create diesel, which allows for the transportation of all of our products all across the country on, uh, these trailers. Which we need desperately. If we don't have that, we don't have anything. When those costs go up, everything else follows suit. So don't say I didn't warn you, folks. All right, let's move on again. I got another very good article for us. This came out yesterday, and I'm not gonna spend too much time with this. Uh, this comes from The Wall Street Journal. A blast tore through Qatar's key natural gas facility, leaving 13 dead and injuring dozens of others. Rattling one of the world's most important exporters of liquefied natural gas as it tries to restore shipments disrupted by the Iran war. So here's how this works. Inside of Qatar, they're connected to this, this region of the Persian Gulf, of which they extract a lot of the liquefied natural gas in the world. Lots of it. And what's taking place now is that this facility went up in flames somehow. We don't know how this explosion started. Was it intentional? Was it accidental? Uh, this was in Ras Lafan. This industrial complex, uh, again, hadn't been hit prior to this. So people are wondering, how did this happen? How did this accident happen? Now, I haven't seen information as to where in the facility it was exactly. I saw where it exploded, but I don't know what exactly exploded. We don't know yet. And we'll have to see if something on the, the plant blueprint could have caused this. How did this happen? That's the big question. Could something have exploded like that to create the explosion we saw? Uh, but this is certainly not good for the liquefied natural gas. —when we're trying to get the Strait open, we're trying to make things move, when we want oil to flow freely, liquefied natural gas to flow freely, helium, aluminum, sulfur, you name it—when we see an attack at the biggest liquefied natural gas refinery inside the Middle East—this is one of the top 3 liquefied natural gas exporters in the world. The US is in there, so is Australia. They halted production of the fuel earlier during this conflict, of course, with the closure of the straits. So we had the facility offline. And as a result of the attacks, knocked out some 17% of the facility's capacity for up to 5 years. I said this to you before. I said a lot of these refineries are down. It's going to take many years to get them back up and running, especially if they've been damaged. We've heard about all of this, and again, it doesn't make sense that the Iranians would hit this. Again, I don't know that the Israelis would hit it. I don't know if the US would hit this. I don't know. We don't know yet. We have no idea. But isn't it odd that the Prime Minister of Qatar is there in Switzerland meeting with them at their own, uh, facility, and all of a sudden one of their— the largest of all the liquefied natural gas facilities is, is up in flames. So I don't know if they're— we're sending a message. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. I, I— we don't know yet. But given the reported scale of the explosion, further impact on operations or delay to restart the timeline cannot be ruled out. This is what they're saying right now. And as a result of that, we have other gas facilities that will be shut down until the company assesses the damage as of right now. So we got all these things on hold, folks. We got all these things on hold. It's obviously difficult now because the Iranians have closed the strait down. Now it's opened up right now just to Iranian ships to leave through, uh, but, but this is going to add up is what I'm trying to explain to you. And when facilities are damaged, when facilities have been hit, when facilities have been offline, when they're not refining or shipping. We're going to have lots of time between which, even if the strait opened up today, they could even ship their goods somewhere else. This is where we are right now, and we need things moving, not sitting still. It's not going to be good for commerce. Again, you would expect Trump and Vance and Rubio and to understand this. Why Marco Rubio isn't negotiating again is still beyond me. I don't know why he's not there. Working on these negotiations. He does tend to be one of the more reasonable voices of understanding in times. Again, I don't know why he's not there with JD Vance and why Trump is writing all this on X or Truth Social or whatever platform he's on writing all this nonsense. All it's doing is blocking negotiations from going forth. So this is a problem, folks. Again, I say this to you because I want you to know this. This will lead to problems in the near future with, again, specifically liquefied natural gas. Now, earlier I said in the program that Keir Starmer has now officially resigned, or he was at least forced to by his own party after several missteps and mistakes that soured voters' goodwill following the landslide victory that he won 2 years ago. Yeah, you know, they have in the UK, they have such a crappy voting system. That certain parties, when they're voted for, they are weighed. It's almost like what they do in Alaska. And they have like this kind of voting system where you can vote for who you want for number 1, number 2, number 3. Well, it's kind of like that in the UK, except each party gets weighed a certain way, if that makes sense. So in other words, let's say you voted for Keir Starmer's Labour Party. And let's say the Labour Party gets— every time you get a vote for them, they get 1.5 points. It works kind of like that. The Reform Party gets such little vote tallies when people are voting for them, but if it worked out, they would have far less representation for the Labour Party. They'd have much, much more for the Reform Party, by the way, more seats in the Parliament, if you will. They got— they have a really crappy system, is what I'm trying to say to you. But people want to change. They want the Conservatives out. They wanted, uh, what's his name, Uh, can't think of his name. The last prime minister, uh, was Rishi something. I can't remember his name right now. It eludes me, uh, partly because he was very lackluster, just like Keir Starmer. Uh, really insignificant, didn't do very much. Again, it's kind of indicative of here in the United States. We get Democrats in, they do absolutely nothing. Republicans in, they do a little bit more, but still we don't get exactly what we want. Same thing goes with the UK. Who has lots of problems on their hands right now. Now it says here that Starmer will remain caretaker Prime Minister until his Labour Party chooses a new leader, with expectations growing that it will be the former Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham. Who's Burnham? Who the hell knows? But I'm sure he'd love to be Prime Minister, live at 110 Downing Street, I would have to say. Burnham confirmed on social media that I will put forth Obviously, we put forward as part of this process. There you go. Yeah, why not? Former Health Secretary Wes Streeting, who was considered his main rival for the top job, said he will back Burnham. Okay, so we'll get this Burnham guy. Probably, it seems to be likely that he'll again take office. You know, one of the good things about this though is that if someone's doing really poorly in the UK, they can at least remove them. Here in the United States, we can't do that. So if we have a crappy president like a Joe Biden, if you will, who completely didn't have the mental facilities at all at any time to lead this country, uh, he's in there for the 4 years. Unless of course he gets 25th Amendment, in which again is probably never ever going to happen. Certainly not, certainly not today. We don't have people of honor today that would actually have the guts to go and say, you know what, this person does not belong in office. We won't see that today. You never will see that because again, the president tends to be the leader of the party. So why would you do that? It just looks bad. So yeah, we have the 25th Amendment. It just is never used. So what's going to happen in the UK? Well, they need change. Absolutely. They need change because look what's taking place with things like immigration, demographics of the nation. Uh, look where they are. You have people getting arrested because of racism. You have people getting monitored with digital ID and what have you. These things need to change, and they need a prime minister that is going to stop it, not encourage it. Keir Starmer was the focal point for a lot of this, and it doesn't shock me. It shouldn't shock you either. So we'll see how this Burnham does. Again, I don't know really anything about him. Um, but it does— I would love to see a Nigel Farage, don't you folks? Don't you want to see someone that wants change, that wants to preserve the UK, preserve their culture, preserve their people, not flooded with illegal aliens from God knows where into the country? Now we're seeing attacks all throughout the UK right now. It's very, very disgusting. There was a couple celebrating, I think, a birthday. A guy got stabbed. With his wife and the location he was in. Just like it's nothing, just like it's nothing, folks. And we see it through in Paris. We see it in Rome, Italy. We see it all over the place. See it in Germany. But you can't be a racist. You can't say anything against your attacker or mugger. No, we saw what happened to that young gentleman, that Henry Nowak, I believe his name was, uh, you know, saying, hey, I've been stabbed. And they're going, oh no, you haven't, mate. No, you haven't. I don't see any stab wounds there. We gotta put you under arrest, mate. You said something about this gentleman who's a fine young British man from— where the hell was he from? Pakistan? Who the hell knows? Not that there's not great people from Pakistan, but you got my point. The UK is a mess. They need change. They need change right now. Nigel Farage is probably the only one that can deliver it. I don't think this Burnham, even though I don't know anything about him, would do anything to change that. Just again, want to be honest with you. Let's move on though to change we need to have here in the United States. This comes from Newsweek. It says, Tulsi Gabbard drops documents she says relate to COVID. And what did Anthony Fauci have to do with all this? This is the big thing right now. These documents that were released late on Thursday, which were again, a part of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, described a years-long declassification review, including internal communications, Whistleblower allegations, intelligence-related material tied to debates over how the coronavirus pandemic began. You know, the pandemic that, you know, 5,000 people died worldwide. Of course, we had to call this a state of emergency and close everything down for 2 weeks to slow the stupid spread of a virus that wasn't affecting anybody. Bunch of nonsense. Anyways, you know, I never fell for this. I gotta be honest with you folks. I never fell for this in 2020. I really didn't. I don't say that to you because I have a show now, but I never did. I knew right away that the masks were nonsense. They were garbage. They didn't do anything. I knew the shot would be catastrophic, again, based on the information I was being told at the time by people like Dr. Sherri Tenpenny, Dr. Brian Ardis, Robert Malone. Again, you go through the list of these doctors. Dr. Malone invented this technology. He said, "Wait, wait, wait, we shouldn't be doing this right now." But what did Anthony Fauci, the pill pusher, do? He tried to push it on you every single time he could. Remember, it was wear the mask first. It was wear the mask. Masks are great. Masks will stop the spread. Oh yeah. Then it was get the shot so you don't have to wear the mask, but then you still had to wear the mask after getting the shot, which made no sense because the shot should stop you from transmitting COVID or even getting COVID. But that wasn't good. You still had to wear a mask. Then it was wear two masks for a while. And then after they let this run out, which by the way, Gavin Newsom in California, where I was at the time, uh, just loved, loved the martial law that he put on the people of California. How he could win a reelection, how he could win, how he could survive a recall again is still very much beyond me. But again, you saw what happened in the LA mayoral race. Spencer Pratt is just gaining on, you know, right behind Karen Bass, who no way she should be leading anything. I wouldn't let her lead a hot dog stand, let alone lead the city of Los Angeles. Leading his way through, leading his way right behind her. Then we get this 25,000 ballot drop. Of course, not one of those 25,000 ballots goes through Spencer Pratt, but they go to everybody else, Karen Bass. And then of course the woman who was way behind him by, I think, like 7 or 8 points, maybe even more. Either had 27 or 30% of the vote at that time. She comes in from 20% and just totally surpasses all them with these both— these— the votes that they found, of course, after the polls closed. Again, not a shock. This is how California is run, folks, for those of you that didn't know. Anyways, I digress. We're talking about COVID Why does this matter right now? The release of these documents is the latest step in, of course, the current administration's broader effort to revisit decisions made during the pandemic and scrutinize intelligence and scientific practices. This is good. Now, what do the documents claim? This is the biggest part. Gabbard said in a statement, she said, the COVID-19 pandemic causes tremendous hardship and pain for millions of our fellow Americans., and for countless people all around the world. After years of lies, censorship, cover-ups, the American people deserve transparency, truth, and accountability. Absolutely right. She then added that the tactics used to hide the truth are straight from the deep state playbook. Politicized, self-serving leaders like Tony Fauci covered up their own wrongdoing and abuses of power, manipulated intelligence, lied to Congress, and undermined a duly elected president. Well, again, President Trump let him run roughshod. Remember every day he'd get up there in his little suits, right? Well, today what we're going to do, folks, we're going to talk about masks. You got to wear a mask. You got to do that. Yeah. Shut the hell up, you idiot. First of all, first of all, the genius about this, again, for anyone who's objective, like I am, put them, put one of those cloth masks on, right? You'll notice that the sides are wide open. Folks. And you'll notice if you looked at people like Dr. Simone Gold's research that the coronavirus itself was about 0.1 microns, extremely microscopic. It's so tiny you can't even see it. But the holes in the mask were anywhere from 20 to 400 microns. Again, you can't even see them, they're that small. But the virus, if someone coughed in your face, it would go right through the mask. And by the way, your eyes are exposed and what have you, uh, so You know, you're not going to stop anything. It's just ridiculous. But it did block your, your airway, right? You had to breathe into this cloth mask all day, which you're not supposed to do, which is not healthy, which raises CO2 levels in the body. But it got people to do that. And of course, people got bacterial pneumonia and things of that. I won't get into all that. But there's seriously some, some things about this, especially with the, the virus's origins, if you will. But what they're saying now, the Director of National Intelligence Office is saying that Fauci oversaw funding that supported the coronavirus research involving bat viruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Again, this is what Senator Rand Paul said to him. He said, you funded gain-of-function research. Fauci told him he didn't know what gain-of-function meant. They go back and forth. We know that Rand Paul, for instance, wanted the DOJ to look into this. Of course, why would the Biden DOJ do that? They pardoned the guy. So now you have the release of this alleged— that is alleged— this work involving the gain-of-function research and describing as being widely viewed as linked to a potential laboratory-related origin of the pandemic. So again, this is lab-made. This isn't something that occurred in nature. Now, Gabbard has also claimed that the documents that she has in her possession show that officials within the intelligence community suppressed dissenting views, including those supportive of the laboratory origin hypothesis. Well, yeah, again, if you're someone like Anthony Fauci who has a patent on this, that means it cannot come from nature. Anything occurring in nature cannot have a patent on it. So Fauci can raise his right hand and say, I swear to God, I'll never lie to you. Uh, yeah, he lied through the entirety of folks. Lather them tight and bubbly. We have whistleblower claims coming through as well. Testimony alleging that the intelligence analyst expressed alternative views on the virus origins faced professional consequences. We saw this with doctors when I was in California in Bakersfield. They were saying, listen, this is not right. This is not going to stop the spread of anything. This is not going to do anything. These are not normal practices. Why are we doing this? But nobody said a damn thing, and people even lost their licenses over this. And of course, if you lost your license, you were told because you were crazy. You weren't listening to the science. You weren't following the science. This is the problem. You let the one group of people decide what the science is, and anyone else that has any objections is told that they're not following it. A complete and utter sham, folks. You know, Fauci, uh, you know, led the National Infectious Diseases for decades, and of course became this figure that destroyed everything. He took down the entirety of the country, folks. And I hope to God the DOJ looks into this. This is what we need to see. That'll be it for today's program, folks. Thank you for being here. As always, enjoy the rest of your day. I'll see you back here tomorrow for more groundbreaking news on the next Marco Duray Show. Until then, be good, stay busy, God bless."
> — Speaker A at 21:33
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [21:33] Speaker A: "We already had that with the JCPOA. We already had IAEA inspectors going in. You can listen to reports from Rafael Grossi about this, who again said exactly what I've told you, that there is no nuclear weapons program. They have a civilian program. They have a medical program. They are not building a nuclear weapon though. They signed off on this. By the way, the Iranians, even after Trump took us out of the JCPOA in 2018, which again was ridiculous, didn't replace it with anything. Even after that, the Iranians still allow the IAEA to come in and inspect their facilities. Now, of course, you hear people like Marco Rubio and people of the such coming in and saying, well, the Iranians were never honest. They, they try to hide things from the weapons inspectors. Again, there's no proof of that. Where's the proof of this? Again, if there was proof of it, there would be a nuclear weapons program. But then they go on and say, again, more baseless things. All the nuclear dust is buried deep within the earth, then how do they have a nuclear weapons program? What are they feeding into these centrifuges, these cascades? What are they doing? How are they doing it? We were told they had about, what is it, 900 kilograms of the 60% highly enriched hexafluoride, uranium hexafluoride. So again, if it's buried deep within the earth, how are they building a nuclear weapon? How are they only weeks away from building a nuclear weapon? If it is inaccessible even to the Iranians? Does anybody want to answer that for me? Where is the logic in that statement? So either we didn't get all the nuclear enrichment, or they have access to it. But again, if they have it buried deep within the earth in Natanz, Fordow, Isfahan, then how are they building a nuclear weapon a year later? If it was destroyed last June, folks, again, I really want to understand this because it doesn't make any bit of any sense to me. That being said, you know, again, we talk about all these things, uh, that are going on. Uh, it's getting more and more out of hand. Uh, we think we're making a breakthrough, then Trump goes out and says something completely outlandish about what's going on, threatening the Iranians yet again. That is not going to get them to the table. The bullying has got to stop. You are in negotiations. If this is how Trump used to do his business deals, then this is— there is no art of the deal. That's not a deal. That's all threats. Threats are not deals. I'll just say that to you. But I do want to say a couple other things too that are again, blocking these talks from going forward, at least getting us good negotiations. Um, and this comes from Reuters. Ladies and gentlemen, now let me take a look at this for you so again we understand exactly what's going on here. It says there Israeli have now— the Israelis have now— Israeli fire kills 9 people in Gaza, including what, a child and journalist, so medics say. So even if there's a ceasefire in Gaza right now, which again everyone's eyes are off Gaza, it's now on Lebanon, it's now on Iran, we still have during a ceasefire, we still have people getting killed inside Gaza. Over 1,000 estimated Palestinians, 4 Israeli soldiers have been killed in Gaza since the October truce. So if we're not even honoring a ceasefire inside of Gaza right now, how could we come out and say that, oh yeah, we're going to have— definitely have one in Lebanon when we know this entire time there have been shellings, there have been bombings, There's been lack of humanitarian aid to come to the region. Why are the Israelis still striking inside of Gaza during a ceasefire? What's going on here? Where is Trump? He's supposed to be leading this board of peace in the region. Where is it? There isn't one. And again, that's part of the problem. That's why the Iranians want this deal to be signed and they want it to be honored by the United— UN Security Council. They want other people to recognize, they want other countries to recognize this, that yes, this is what the United States said they were going to do, this is what we said we are going to do. Now, you could like the deal, you could not like the deal, but let me just say this to you: when you have won a conflict, you are the ones that get to dictate the terms for the victory. The United States has not won the conflict. And that's all the proof you need to see right now. So you'll hear on Fox News, you'll hear on OAN, you'll hear on Newsmax, CNN, ABC, NBC, all these news organizations. Well, the Iranians are weak and this and that, their economy's crumbling, just a matter of time. We can just go back in really soon and continue bombing and everything will just be fine. Ladies and gentlemen, the idea that you would go in and continue to bomb yet again and expect something new would happen is complete insanity. There is no evidence that if we went in there, we would again make any difference in the government or their stance on things or any of their positions at this point. In other words, what I'm trying to tell you is that we bit off more than we could chew. And if we cannot get the Israelis to stop a ceasefire in Gaza right now, which again, they're supposed to be in, I don't know how you can say 1,000 people, at least 1,000 people killed, uh, in that matter of time is a ceasefire. It's not. It's a war zone. And the same thing applies to Lebanon. You can't have your troops advancing when you're supposed to be neutral. You're supposed to be in a standstill, especially when you're in another country's land. So again, what I'm trying to say to you is every time you hear the word ceasefire, that's usually time for what? An army to replenish, an army to get more resources in the region, to rest, to get ready for attacks later on. But what the Israelis tried to do was again advance in this time when they're supposed to be in a ceasefire. So Hezbollah responded to that, and then of course Israel responded to that, and again it goes back and forth. Back and forth. And just in case you, you don't believe me or you think I'm being too critical of Israel, folks, let me just point this out to you as well. This comes from the Times of Israel and says, well, good old Ben-Gavir, right? Itamar Ben-Gavir. This is the national security minister of Israel, and this is what he's saying right now. Just in case you believe that these ceasefires, this conflict with Lebanon is going to stop anytime soon. It says, after paying heavy prices over the past several years of war, we have reached the point closest to a decisive victory. This is what Ben-Gvir just said. He said that he's describing, uh, arguing what he calls weak ceasefires. And he wanted to say that the equation must be very simple and clear: the state of Israel must be safe. If Israel is not safe, Beirut will look like Biet Hanout. Again, I don't know what that is, but it doesn't matter. It says here, the State of Israel must act out of a clear principle. We appreciate our friends. We love President Trump. We first and foremost, the soldiers of Israel. First of all, our fighters. First of all, our residents, is what Ben-Gvir says. Now let me play you a clip of him though. You know, that sounds nice, doesn't it? Well, you know, we love our troops, we love President Trump, right? He's given us everything, we love him. But listen to what he has to say next, again about Lebanon. Take a listen. Lebanon, all of Lebanon should become our playground. All of Lebanon should be our target. And people say to me, wait a minute, but there's Lebanon and there's Hezbollah. I don't accept this artificial distinction. Lebanon is a country. There are Hezbollah members in the Lebanese government, ministers on behalf of Hezbollah. It has a revolving door policy. Does that sound like there's the ability for negotiations if we're going to lump everybody into Hezbollah? Hezbollah, which formed because of, again, Israel's illegal invasion of the country in 1978. Again, folks, there's a history here that spans through a long, vast period of time. Israel's illegal occupation in southern Lebanon in the late 1970s, the early 1980s is what birthed Hezbollah. That's what it formed. It's part of a political party. And their faction is, no, we're not going to allow this to take place. And you can look at other things too. The Lebanese government itself is really just a puppet government for The United States. That's why they always continue to stand down anytime Israel does anything. But this is problematic. If there was no illegal Israeli invasion into the country right now, if there was no illegal occupation, which again violates UN Charter 242, look it up if you don't believe me, there would be no Hezbollah. Hezbollah wouldn't exist. And the same thing goes with Hamas. Hamas would not exist if not for The clean break policy. Again, you can go read that online if you'd like. If you don't— again, if you don't believe me, go look it up. Look up the clean break policy. Look up what mowing the lawn means. My God, look at the history of the region. You'll see it. It's all there, folks. And I don't say this just to put people down. I'm just saying this because these are the facts. We have to acknowledge the facts. This is why this is happening. Right now. So they could say they love Trump, they love this, but what are they doing? They're turning their back on Trump. They're not happy with Trump. So now we're gonna mince everybody is now in Hezbollah. Again, they can designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. So now it makes sense. Okay, well, we can kill everybody now. We can get rid of everybody. We can remove everybody. We hear the same rhetoric about people in Gaza. Every Palestinian is a terrorist. Every Palestinian is a barbarian, inhumane. Every Gazan child is going to grow up and become a terrorist. You heard this from Danny Danon, the UN ambassador from Israel, saying this very much out in the open. This does not speak of peace, ladies and gentlemen. And when he says things like, my position is that we cannot tolerate a single tear from an Israeli mother. If there are tears from a thousand Lebanese mothers, we need to keep going. This is not about protection. This is about Greater Israel. I know some of you don't like to hear about that, but again, this is the truth, folks. So I'm going to tell it to you as is. This is what they want. They want the land. For themselves. And this is where they're going. And again, can Trump stop it? Apparently not. Apparently not. I had a clip from Netanyahu too, from Judge Napolitano's show. Brilliant clip. Uh, I'm not going to play it for you though right now, but again, it just reiterates exactly what I'm saying to you right now. He gives some random hypothetical. This is why we're doing this. Everyone claps like seals and you know, the, you know, the routine. Again, not based on any bit of reality. But here, but here's my point. By the way, Paul Craig Roberts again writes brilliantly about this. I'm going to read a little bit of this to you as well. He asked, is Trump delusional or is he deceiving his supporters by painting defeat as victory? That's a serious question. Is he delusional? Did he not understand what he was signing in the MOU was an unconditional surrender, but not by Iran, by the United States. Again, the Iranians made the 14 points. This is what we were looking at. This is what we're going with. So it's the Iranians that are accepting. Of course, the United States does not want the Iranians to have a nuclear weapon. Fine. But when we look at this, when we, we see this, this is a capitulation by the US. Iran has surrendered nothing. But again, the rah-rah American crowd will prefer the lie to the facts. This is the problem. Many Americans are just not seeing the reality of what's going on here right now. That this is part of the problem. And he says something really interesting. He says, when reality is unpleasant, they retreat into this kind of fictitious reality created for them by the political masters, uh, the prostitutes. I think of the legacy media. All their pundits, the corporations, anything they put forth. They would rather be unaware and unstressed than stressed and informed. So Trump keeps them up by, you know, placing all these different situations to them about how we've defeated them, how the US and Israel have again forced the Iranians into this unconditional surrender. And this is America's victory. We have no victory. Here? Where's the victory for this? Again, I encourage you to go read the 14 points if you have not already. Where is our victory? We had a strait that was open before this war. We had no toll system in that strait, which will be there after the 60 days of negotiations whether we like it or not. Trump is not going to control it, whatever he might say to you, or Lindsey Graham or anybody else like that. Because we would have done it already. So the big question is, where do we go from here? When are people gonna say we've had enough of this conflict? Again, we're seeing gas prices come down. People get excited. They think, okay, good. Everything's working out accordingly. That evil Iran, that number one state sponsor of terrorists— terrorism, excuse me— is no more. We defeated— look what Trump did. See, promises made, promises kept. Except he promised to us that there wasn't going to be a war, that he would work on diplomacy rather than, of course, wars. And of course he backtracked. Well, I didn't say there wouldn't be any wars. I just said there would be no forever wars. Is it a forever war? We've only been there for a couple months. Get cozy, folks. It's okay. No, no, you ran on no new wars. I played you the clips. You can go back and listen to them whenever you want. No new wars. And again, when you have a— the precipice for this is that Iran had a nuclear weapon, they were going to have it within a couple weeks, and then you come back and tell us, well, Iran and their nuclear dust is buried under all these nuclear facility sites. Then I ask you the question, well, how do they have access to this? How are they this close if everything's been buried underground. It's been there for, well, now a year. They can't get to it to give it to us, and we can't get down there to get it. So how are they making a bomb with this? Again, I'm asking for a friend. I don't understand this. So when we were told so many different things, it's just so discombobulated. It doesn't make any sense. There was no reason to have this conflict. It was obviously Israel's doing for regime change. They don't want to admit that. They want to make it now surrounded about— around this nuclear weapons program, which again does not exist. You can look at CIA information, you can look at obviously Tulsi Gabbard's information, you can listen to Joe Kent. These people saw the information, they saw the documentation. There is no nuclear weapons program. So you're going to bomb a country that doesn't have a nuclear weapons program so they don't have a nuclear weapons program? And if they wanted to build a bomb, if they're always so close Why not after JCPOA ended? Why didn't they build a bomb then? Why not during the Biden administration? That kowtow to them. Why didn't they build a bomb then? I'm not saying I want a nuclear-armed Iran, but what I am saying to you is that you cannot just make things up and expect everyone just to follow along with it. Either they have a nuclear weapons program, they have the capability to do so, or they don't. And everything leads to that they weren't working on a nuclear weapon. That's the fact. And as a result of all this, folks, the death toll in Iran right now since the war began is about 3,468. Again, this is from Iran's Ministry of Health, between 8 months and 88 years of age, folks. 7 infants, 376 children, 496 women. That we know of right now. And don't even get me started about the 165, 168 school-aged children, girls, uh, many of whom were incinerated because Pete Hegseth decided to remove the rules of engagement, took away the civilian harm mitigation risk that is supposed to be followed where we avoid strikes in areas where there are civilians. We did not do that. We didn't do positive identification. Again, we should be going in and looking at all these sites. But again, this is all recklessness. According to Pete Hegseth, these are stupid rules of engagement. No, no, Pete, these are international law. You don't bomb and kill civilians. You don't do that. And so I have to ask you again, does Trump really know what's going on? Does he realize he signed his own surrender to the Iranians. And he agreed that this is going to be the framework of which he works on. Again, it appears not, because he's very miffed that they're going to have tolls on the Strait of Hormuz. And of course, that if any of that rhetoric were to come back, for instance, that they would close it again, that the talks would cease to exist. And I think it's putting him in the position I said that could happen as a result of this. What did I tell you a couple weeks ago? There's intel coming out that if this does not work out, that if the Iranians completely disassociate with these negotiations, they leave the Non-Proliferation Treaty, and they actually get or acquire a nuclear weapon and detonate that inside Iran, that is a possibility that that could still happen. I hope it doesn't happen. I don't want that to happen. But why would you push a country to that position? And by the way, we know they know this because Marco Rubio knows this. That means President Trump knows this. If I know this, they know this. And I'm getting my intel from people that know people that run intel in a specific country. I won't say which country, but this is what was being said by very reliable sources. We're still in realm for that. So if we don't want a nuclear-armed Iran, Why push them in that direction? Why push them in that— does Trump want to be the president that was the president that allowed them to build a nuclear bomb? Ask yourself that. Uh, that would be detrimental to his legacy, I would have to say. And if he— excuse me— if he allows this to happen, if he allows it to happen, he will go down as the worst president in American history. Mark my words. If he allows this to happen, or if the economy— global economy, rather— completely tanks, which again, we know that could happen much sooner than later. So while you might see the gas prices going down right now, folks, again, a lot of it is because of the rhetoric. Wall Street is still listening to the rhetoric because we're not in a supply stranglehold yet. Once that stranglehold exists, once they realize this— you can go look at the words from the CEO of Chevron, We're about a billion barrels short of oil. That's a lot of oil in this country. We don't get the proper amount of oil coming in from Venezuela, from Russia, obviously from the Middle East now, where this crude oil comes in that is used to create diesel, which allows for the transportation of all of our products all across the country on, uh, these trailers. Which we need desperately. If we don't have that, we don't have anything. When those costs go up, everything else follows suit. So don't say I didn't warn you, folks. All right, let's move on again. I got another very good article for us. This came out yesterday, and I'm not gonna spend too much time with this. Uh, this comes from The Wall Street Journal. A blast tore through Qatar's key natural gas facility, leaving 13 dead and injuring dozens of others. Rattling one of the world's most important exporters of liquefied natural gas as it tries to restore shipments disrupted by the Iran war. So here's how this works. Inside of Qatar, they're connected to this, this region of the Persian Gulf, of which they extract a lot of the liquefied natural gas in the world. Lots of it. And what's taking place now is that this facility went up in flames somehow. We don't know how this explosion started. Was it intentional? Was it accidental? Uh, this was in Ras Lafan. This industrial complex, uh, again, hadn't been hit prior to this. So people are wondering, how did this happen? How did this accident happen? Now, I haven't seen information as to where in the facility it was exactly. I saw where it exploded, but I don't know what exactly exploded. We don't know yet. And we'll have to see if something on the, the plant blueprint could have caused this. How did this happen? That's the big question. Could something have exploded like that to create the explosion we saw? Uh, but this is certainly not good for the liquefied natural gas. —when we're trying to get the Strait open, we're trying to make things move, when we want oil to flow freely, liquefied natural gas to flow freely, helium, aluminum, sulfur, you name it—when we see an attack at the biggest liquefied natural gas refinery inside the Middle East—this is one of the top 3 liquefied natural gas exporters in the world. The US is in there, so is Australia. They halted production of the fuel earlier during this conflict, of course, with the closure of the straits. So we had the facility offline. And as a result of the attacks, knocked out some 17% of the facility's capacity for up to 5 years. I said this to you before. I said a lot of these refineries are down. It's going to take many years to get them back up and running, especially if they've been damaged. We've heard about all of this, and again, it doesn't make sense that the Iranians would hit this. Again, I don't know that the Israelis would hit it. I don't know if the US would hit this. I don't know. We don't know yet. We have no idea. But isn't it odd that the Prime Minister of Qatar is there in Switzerland meeting with them at their own, uh, facility, and all of a sudden one of their— the largest of all the liquefied natural gas facilities is, is up in flames. So I don't know if they're— we're sending a message. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. I, I— we don't know yet. But given the reported scale of the explosion, further impact on operations or delay to restart the timeline cannot be ruled out. This is what they're saying right now. And as a result of that, we have other gas facilities that will be shut down until the company assesses the damage as of right now. So we got all these things on hold, folks. We got all these things on hold. It's obviously difficult now because the Iranians have closed the strait down. Now it's opened up right now just to Iranian ships to leave through, uh, but, but this is going to add up is what I'm trying to explain to you. And when facilities are damaged, when facilities have been hit, when facilities have been offline, when they're not refining or shipping. We're going to have lots of time between which, even if the strait opened up today, they could even ship their goods somewhere else. This is where we are right now, and we need things moving, not sitting still. It's not going to be good for commerce. Again, you would expect Trump and Vance and Rubio and to understand this. Why Marco Rubio isn't negotiating again is still beyond me. I don't know why he's not there. Working on these negotiations. He does tend to be one of the more reasonable voices of understanding in times. Again, I don't know why he's not there with JD Vance and why Trump is writing all this on X or Truth Social or whatever platform he's on writing all this nonsense. All it's doing is blocking negotiations from going forth. So this is a problem, folks. Again, I say this to you because I want you to know this. This will lead to problems in the near future with, again, specifically liquefied natural gas. Now, earlier I said in the program that Keir Starmer has now officially resigned, or he was at least forced to by his own party after several missteps and mistakes that soured voters' goodwill following the landslide victory that he won 2 years ago. Yeah, you know, they have in the UK, they have such a crappy voting system. That certain parties, when they're voted for, they are weighed. It's almost like what they do in Alaska. And they have like this kind of voting system where you can vote for who you want for number 1, number 2, number 3. Well, it's kind of like that in the UK, except each party gets weighed a certain way, if that makes sense. So in other words, let's say you voted for Keir Starmer's Labour Party. And let's say the Labour Party gets— every time you get a vote for them, they get 1.5 points. It works kind of like that. The Reform Party gets such little vote tallies when people are voting for them, but if it worked out, they would have far less representation for the Labour Party. They'd have much, much more for the Reform Party, by the way, more seats in the Parliament, if you will. They got— they have a really crappy system, is what I'm trying to say to you. But people want to change. They want the Conservatives out. They wanted, uh, what's his name, Uh, can't think of his name. The last prime minister, uh, was Rishi something. I can't remember his name right now. It eludes me, uh, partly because he was very lackluster, just like Keir Starmer. Uh, really insignificant, didn't do very much. Again, it's kind of indicative of here in the United States. We get Democrats in, they do absolutely nothing. Republicans in, they do a little bit more, but still we don't get exactly what we want. Same thing goes with the UK. Who has lots of problems on their hands right now. Now it says here that Starmer will remain caretaker Prime Minister until his Labour Party chooses a new leader, with expectations growing that it will be the former Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham. Who's Burnham? Who the hell knows? But I'm sure he'd love to be Prime Minister, live at 110 Downing Street, I would have to say. Burnham confirmed on social media that I will put forth Obviously, we put forward as part of this process. There you go. Yeah, why not? Former Health Secretary Wes Streeting, who was considered his main rival for the top job, said he will back Burnham. Okay, so we'll get this Burnham guy. Probably, it seems to be likely that he'll again take office. You know, one of the good things about this though is that if someone's doing really poorly in the UK, they can at least remove them. Here in the United States, we can't do that. So if we have a crappy president like a Joe Biden, if you will, who completely didn't have the mental facilities at all at any time to lead this country, uh, he's in there for the 4 years. Unless of course he gets 25th Amendment, in which again is probably never ever going to happen. Certainly not, certainly not today. We don't have people of honor today that would actually have the guts to go and say, you know what, this person does not belong in office. We won't see that today. You never will see that because again, the president tends to be the leader of the party. So why would you do that? It just looks bad. So yeah, we have the 25th Amendment. It just is never used. So what's going to happen in the UK? Well, they need change. Absolutely. They need change because look what's taking place with things like immigration, demographics of the nation. Uh, look where they are. You have people getting arrested because of racism. You have people getting monitored with digital ID and what have you. These things need to change, and they need a prime minister that is going to stop it, not encourage it. Keir Starmer was the focal point for a lot of this, and it doesn't shock me. It shouldn't shock you either. So we'll see how this Burnham does. Again, I don't know really anything about him. Um, but it does— I would love to see a Nigel Farage, don't you folks? Don't you want to see someone that wants change, that wants to preserve the UK, preserve their culture, preserve their people, not flooded with illegal aliens from God knows where into the country? Now we're seeing attacks all throughout the UK right now. It's very, very disgusting. There was a couple celebrating, I think, a birthday. A guy got stabbed. With his wife and the location he was in. Just like it's nothing, just like it's nothing, folks. And we see it through in Paris. We see it in Rome, Italy. We see it all over the place. See it in Germany. But you can't be a racist. You can't say anything against your attacker or mugger. No, we saw what happened to that young gentleman, that Henry Nowak, I believe his name was, uh, you know, saying, hey, I've been stabbed. And they're going, oh no, you haven't, mate. No, you haven't. I don't see any stab wounds there. We gotta put you under arrest, mate. You said something about this gentleman who's a fine young British man from— where the hell was he from? Pakistan? Who the hell knows? Not that there's not great people from Pakistan, but you got my point. The UK is a mess. They need change. They need change right now. Nigel Farage is probably the only one that can deliver it. I don't think this Burnham, even though I don't know anything about him, would do anything to change that. Just again, want to be honest with you. Let's move on though to change we need to have here in the United States. This comes from Newsweek. It says, Tulsi Gabbard drops documents she says relate to COVID. And what did Anthony Fauci have to do with all this? This is the big thing right now. These documents that were released late on Thursday, which were again, a part of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, described a years-long declassification review, including internal communications, Whistleblower allegations, intelligence-related material tied to debates over how the coronavirus pandemic began. You know, the pandemic that, you know, 5,000 people died worldwide. Of course, we had to call this a state of emergency and close everything down for 2 weeks to slow the stupid spread of a virus that wasn't affecting anybody. Bunch of nonsense. Anyways, you know, I never fell for this. I gotta be honest with you folks. I never fell for this in 2020. I really didn't. I don't say that to you because I have a show now, but I never did. I knew right away that the masks were nonsense. They were garbage. They didn't do anything. I knew the shot would be catastrophic, again, based on the information I was being told at the time by people like Dr. Sherri Tenpenny, Dr. Brian Ardis, Robert Malone. Again, you go through the list of these doctors. Dr. Malone invented this technology. He said, "Wait, wait, wait, we shouldn't be doing this right now." But what did Anthony Fauci, the pill pusher, do? He tried to push it on you every single time he could. Remember, it was wear the mask first. It was wear the mask. Masks are great. Masks will stop the spread. Oh yeah. Then it was get the shot so you don't have to wear the mask, but then you still had to wear the mask after getting the shot, which made no sense because the shot should stop you from transmitting COVID or even getting COVID. But that wasn't good. You still had to wear a mask. Then it was wear two masks for a while. And then after they let this run out, which by the way, Gavin Newsom in California, where I was at the time, uh, just loved, loved the martial law that he put on the people of California. How he could win a reelection, how he could win, how he could survive a recall again is still very much beyond me. But again, you saw what happened in the LA mayoral race. Spencer Pratt is just gaining on, you know, right behind Karen Bass, who no way she should be leading anything. I wouldn't let her lead a hot dog stand, let alone lead the city of Los Angeles. Leading his way through, leading his way right behind her. Then we get this 25,000 ballot drop. Of course, not one of those 25,000 ballots goes through Spencer Pratt, but they go to everybody else, Karen Bass. And then of course the woman who was way behind him by, I think, like 7 or 8 points, maybe even more. Either had 27 or 30% of the vote at that time. She comes in from 20% and just totally surpasses all them with these both— these— the votes that they found, of course, after the polls closed. Again, not a shock. This is how California is run, folks, for those of you that didn't know. Anyways, I digress. We're talking about COVID Why does this matter right now? The release of these documents is the latest step in, of course, the current administration's broader effort to revisit decisions made during the pandemic and scrutinize intelligence and scientific practices. This is good. Now, what do the documents claim? This is the biggest part. Gabbard said in a statement, she said, the COVID-19 pandemic causes tremendous hardship and pain for millions of our fellow Americans., and for countless people all around the world. After years of lies, censorship, cover-ups, the American people deserve transparency, truth, and accountability. Absolutely right. She then added that the tactics used to hide the truth are straight from the deep state playbook. Politicized, self-serving leaders like Tony Fauci covered up their own wrongdoing and abuses of power, manipulated intelligence, lied to Congress, and undermined a duly elected president. Well, again, President Trump let him run roughshod. Remember every day he'd get up there in his little suits, right? Well, today what we're going to do, folks, we're going to talk about masks. You got to wear a mask. You got to do that. Yeah. Shut the hell up, you idiot. First of all, first of all, the genius about this, again, for anyone who's objective, like I am, put them, put one of those cloth masks on, right? You'll notice that the sides are wide open. Folks. And you'll notice if you looked at people like Dr. Simone Gold's research that the coronavirus itself was about 0.1 microns, extremely microscopic. It's so tiny you can't even see it. But the holes in the mask were anywhere from 20 to 400 microns. Again, you can't even see them, they're that small. But the virus, if someone coughed in your face, it would go right through the mask. And by the way, your eyes are exposed and what have you, uh, so You know, you're not going to stop anything. It's just ridiculous. But it did block your, your airway, right? You had to breathe into this cloth mask all day, which you're not supposed to do, which is not healthy, which raises CO2 levels in the body. But it got people to do that. And of course, people got bacterial pneumonia and things of that. I won't get into all that. But there's seriously some, some things about this, especially with the, the virus's origins, if you will. But what they're saying now, the Director of National Intelligence Office is saying that Fauci oversaw funding that supported the coronavirus research involving bat viruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Again, this is what Senator Rand Paul said to him. He said, you funded gain-of-function research. Fauci told him he didn't know what gain-of-function meant. They go back and forth. We know that Rand Paul, for instance, wanted the DOJ to look into this. Of course, why would the Biden DOJ do that? They pardoned the guy. So now you have the release of this alleged— that is alleged— this work involving the gain-of-function research and describing as being widely viewed as linked to a potential laboratory-related origin of the pandemic. So again, this is lab-made. This isn't something that occurred in nature. Now, Gabbard has also claimed that the documents that she has in her possession show that officials within the intelligence community suppressed dissenting views, including those supportive of the laboratory origin hypothesis. Well, yeah, again, if you're someone like Anthony Fauci who has a patent on this, that means it cannot come from nature. Anything occurring in nature cannot have a patent on it. So Fauci can raise his right hand and say, I swear to God, I'll never lie to you. Uh, yeah, he lied through the entirety of folks. Lather them tight and bubbly. We have whistleblower claims coming through as well. Testimony alleging that the intelligence analyst expressed alternative views on the virus origins faced professional consequences. We saw this with doctors when I was in California in Bakersfield. They were saying, listen, this is not right. This is not going to stop the spread of anything. This is not going to do anything. These are not normal practices. Why are we doing this? But nobody said a damn thing, and people even lost their licenses over this. And of course, if you lost your license, you were told because you were crazy. You weren't listening to the science. You weren't following the science. This is the problem. You let the one group of people decide what the science is, and anyone else that has any objections is told that they're not following it. A complete and utter sham, folks. You know, Fauci, uh, you know, led the National Infectious Diseases for decades, and of course became this figure that destroyed everything. He took down the entirety of the country, folks. And I hope to God the DOJ looks into this. This is what we need to see. That'll be it for today's program, folks. Thank you for being here. As always, enjoy the rest of your day. I'll see you back here tomorrow for more groundbreaking news on the next Marco Duray Show. Until then, be good, stay busy, God bless."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** Due to the graphic nature of this program, viewer discretion is advised. Hello everyone and thank you for tuning in today's broadcast. It's the Monday, June 22nd, 2026 episode of the Marco Gervais Show, the only show where the facts are facts and hard truths thrive. We got a packed show for you today, everybody. I didn't even know where to begin. There's so much going on in the world around us and I only have about an hour to delve into with you, my loyal listeners. But we're gonna have a packed show for you today. There was a lot of back and forth going on with the negotiations between JD advance. And of course, the Iranian delegation in Switzerland yesterday as the Iranians closed the Strait of Hormuz again over the weekend. The lackluster Sir Keir Starmer has been forced out by his party to resign as Prime Minister of the UK. Not shocking, but hey, maybe the sun hasn't fully set on what's left of the British Empire. Who knows? Tulsi Gabbard dropped a bombshell report at the end of last week about Anthony Fauci. There's some new information about the gain-of-function research. What did Fauci know? Did he lie? Why did the DOJ allow the statute of limitations run out? Does anybody know? I want to know. And finally, there was an explosion that happened yesterday evening at a natural gas facility inside Qatar. Some odd timing, I would say. We'll get into all this and much, much more today on the program. You'll love it all. I do want to make one announcement really quickly though to you, and this comes from NBC News. And I, I want to share this to you because it just came out this morning. Alan Greenspan, the of course influential economist who steered a lot of the monetary policy during Reagan's administration all the way till midway through the Bush administration, serving 5 terms as chairman of the Federal Reserve, died today according to his wife, is what NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell has stated. Greenspan was 100 years old. It's amazing when you think about it, and probably one of the last living members of really the Reagan administration. Now, of course, he wasn't necessarily a part of the administration, but he did work for the administration in a key position. And what Reagan did with the economy in the 1980s was obviously very, very detrimental. We obviously saw from 1991 to 2001 a massive boom stretching of economic expansion. And by the way, Greenspan oversaw that, so there's no denying that. Of course, Reagan's work with that as well. Uh, you know, I likened Alan Greenspan to Kevin Warsh. I see a lot of that in him. Uh, obviously Greenspan wasn't perfect, but I think the two believe in a lot of the same thing. And I'm hoping that the relationship between Trump and Warsh can really morph into something very positive where we can see some economic expansion come back to the United States. Now, Warsh lately came out and said that he wants to see a quieter Federal Reserve. Okay, but we need monetary policy that's going to work for everybody, not just some people. We can't go back to the old ways. We need the economy to work for everybody. Now, Greenspan was attributed to, of course, the global financial crisis of 2007-2008., during the mini recession that we saw there when he was advocating for deregulation of the financial sector, of course. So again, 19 years under the Fed, he's going to have some ups and downs, of course. Um, I really can't say too much more about him, but I do want to share one thing though that I thought was really interesting too. When I was coaching in Southern California, one of my coaches, uh, his— one of his wrestlers Actually, well, his father worked with Alan Greenspan. He told that to me and I said, that's crazy to think about that. Someone is working, a business partner is working with Alan Greenspan. I mean, only in Southern California, where else can you get a story like that? That his business partner was the chair of the Federal Reserve. It's amazing, folks. It really is. And that's why California is so awesome. You see and meet so many different people that know and have all these different types of connections all around the world. You certainly don't see that in other parts of the country necessarily. Of course, obviously it does happen, but just that that would come up in a conversation, that Alan Greenspan— and by the way, this was maybe about 10 years ago that I was told that story. He's like, oh yeah, he was talking about one of his wrestlers and obviously how successful they were financially. Again, nice part of LA I was coaching in, I'll just give it to you that way. Um, but yeah, I mean, the extent of what he did, obviously Obviously reached in different aspects. Obviously he was a consultant economically and things of that nature. So Greenspan was a big factor in how the economy worked for, you know, much of his career. I mean, the guy had a doctorate from NYU, so certainly knew what he was talking about. Again, ups, downs, they always happen no matter who you are, no matter what you do. We always get them. Um, and I, I, I really hope though Not to take away from Greenspan, but I really hope Kevin Warsh can look at Greenspan's policies. What do we do to make this country go bye-bye? You can look at Paul Volcker too. What did they do to make this economy work? What did Reagan do to make this economy work? And I think if Trump and Warsh can work together and they can create that kind of symbiosis between each other, I think that would be fantastic. That would be beneficial to everybody listening to the program right now. So again, I'm sorry to hear this about Alan Greenspan. Again, 100 years old, folks. I mean, a heck of a life. You gotta— you have to admit that. Uh, certainly not something that happens all the time. So there's that, folks. And now I want to jump into something else very, very important. Of course, uh, let's start the program off talking about what happened with the Iranian negotiators. Why do they storm out of a high-level peace talk with the United States? Why do they do this? Well, because President Trump unleashed a fury on the regime, threatening to seize the Strait of Hormuz and then blow the blank out of them. Now, folks, I want to be clear about this with you. President Trump, in the memorandum of understanding, signed off that there would not be any type of rhetoric like this directed towards the Iranians. And by the way, for the Iranians towards the United States. And threats of this nature will blow you into the Stone Age. You won't have a civilization anymore. Uh, you know, we'll blow the blank out of them. This has got to stop. If Trump is serious about negotiating for peace, by the way, this is just a foundation. This is not a peace deal. This is not a ceasefire. This is none of this. Now there's supposed to be a ceasefire that entails from this, but that could all go up right away. Look what happened over the weekend. The Strait of Hormuz closed yet again. Now it's open today in some capacity where some Iranian vessels have moved through, but it's not open for everybody again. And so we go back, we go, we go back and forth with this. It's got to stop because we do need that trade open for obviously the many reasons I've told you. 31% of the global oil supply, 25% of the liquefied natural gas, 44% of the world helium supply. You like your semiconductors? You like your computer chips? Well, you need helium for that, and that comes out of that region. Sulfur, aluminum, nitrogen, urea— all these things that are crucial, folks. When you have 35% of the raw materials that are necessary for fertilizer, which our farmers really rely on— we need this. This is not negotiable. We need that strait to be opened up. So why would you sign off on this unless Trump did not read it, unless he didn't understand what he was signing? But why would you go directly while you're speaking to the Iranians? They've shown up to Switzerland. JD Vance is there. He's there spearheading these negotiations. Again, you're undermining what JD Vance is working towards. And then you say something like this, we'll blow the blank out of you. And again, I'm not going to use the terminology he uses. Vernacular is awful, but this just goes to show you, Trump is not serious about this. And I was hoping that at least something positive would come from this in terms of we'd get some type of negotiation starting. We'd get something in writing that will stop this. We will no longer continue this senseless conflict in which we are not going to win. But it's very, very evident to me, Trump did not understand what he was signing, because if he did, he would realize he signed a surrender document. Not a document that is causing the Iranians to surrender, which you got, and he's going around and telling people. Again, we're off to a rough start with this, as one could imagine. And by the way, we know this can go up in smoke at any time. We know Israel's continuing to run roughshod over Lebanon, Hezbollah's firing to into the IDF. Again, it's going on because again, both sides are not serious about peace. There's no other conclusion you can come to with this. Now, the US can waive oil sanctions, but again, if we don't have the strait open for all ships, if we haven't demined that region, which again is going to take several months, what do we have? We don't have an open strait. We don't have a free flow of cargo and raw materials and petrochemicals flowing through the region. I mean, how do we have a president that's speaking to other world leaders like this? This is not a real estate negotiation, folks. We are dealing with another country. You cannot just bully them around, especially when they have won militarily. I'm not saying they defeated us, but I'm saying they have won this conflict so far militarily with us. And he goes and says this, listen to this. 'You won't even make it back to your blanking country.' This is what an irate Trump told Iranian leaders. This is according to Trey Yingst at Fox News. Then he's furthering his threats, saying, 'You close it,' referring to the Strait, 'and you won't have a country. We may take over the Strait if we have to. I'll blow the blank out of them.' I mean, again, How do you sit there one day and sign off on this, that we have a foundation to work with again, that the Iranians clearly presented to us and we signed ironically in the Versailles Palace where the Treaty of Versailles was signed by Germany in 1919. It was, uh, again, it was a surrender document. Look what Trump is doing, the exact same thing. He just doesn't understand it because he probably didn't read it.. And I try to give Trump the benefit of the doubt, but again, look what he's doing. Again, folks, I try so hard, but then he does something like this. This is unbelievable. This is irresponsible. This is not making for a better global economy. This is not good for the United States. It's not even good for Israel. Now we know they want the war to go on. They know they want the United States to take down Iran for them. That's again the case, that, that's what it comes down to. But this is not going to work. So when Trump signed this, I believed, okay, he understands, listen, we've got to make these concessions, we've got to give them back their money, we've got to open up that strait, we'll allow them to have a toll system, but we've got to get the strait open. That's the key point. And when he was briefed that the Strategic Petroleum Reserves is reducing to about, you know, 17 days, maybe we get into mid-July, maybe, and then we have no more oil to allow to be utilized for emergency purposes, we're in lots of trouble from that point. So you might see oil coming down right now. I don't deny, we know the price of oil is coming down. It's in the mid to high 70s right now between the West Texas Intermediate, Brent crude right now I think is trading around $77, $78 a barrel. But what happens in a couple weeks when there is no oil to refine, when there is no oil coming in? What do we do then? This is the problem. The reality has got to set in. I think at one point Trump allowed that reality to set in. He said, hey, I've got to do something. We're not getting what we want just by talking. Let's get to the table. Let's at least get this trade opened up. Let's create a framework to negotiate. This is what we're trying to get to, the negotiations. Right now we have no deal. We have no nego— we have nothing to utilize for leverage for these talks. We have no peace yet. And as a result of that, the war continues on. So while the rhetoric sounds nice, while things sound good and peachy, they're not. They're not, especially when you have rhetoric like this. How do you think someone would respond to this if they were speaking to you like this? Now, we could talk about the Iranian nuclear weapons program. We could talk about their civil medical nuclear, uh, nuclear program, if you will, reopening the trade. But none of that means a damn thing if we have the fighting between Lebanon and Hezbollah. And should they not stop then we have no negotiation. We have nothing to work out. We have no framework. Point number 1: all fighting stops on all fronts, and that includes Lebanon. That's what they've said. That's what Trump signed off on. So either, again, Trump believes that Netanyahu could do whatever he wants still— again, I have no idea— but again, where do we go from here? We go nowhere. We're in limbo right now. Trump's throwing out different new things now that he wants, again, taking his rage to Truth Social now, blaming Iran for the fighting and demanding that the regime keep Hezbollah in line. Hezbollah is only firing into Israel or firing at the IDF because they're in their territory. Hezbollah is a part of southern Lebanon. So now Trump is on Truth Social. He said this, listen to this. Iran must immediately stop their highly paid proxies in Lebanon from causing trouble. If they don't, we'll hit Iran very hard again, just like we did last week, only harder. So again, I don't, I don't know how you could have a basis for framework. I don't know how you have negotiation negotiators show up and then hear this, hear this nonsense. I don't know. Maybe he's trying to, again, destroy everything with this, make JD Vance look awful, which he obviously does. Can you imagine if you're negotiating with someone, you're trying to make a breakthrough with something, trying to negotiate peace, and then you have somebody writing on X all this— or Truth Social rather— all this stuff about blowing the blank out of them, we'll hit them even harder. Again, we can hit them all day. It didn't work. We hit, what, 13,000 different targets? Didn't do a thing, didn't stop them. We still didn't have military control of the strait. So what is he talking about? How is he going to gain military control over the Strait of Hormuz if he couldn't do it already? That's my question to you. How— why not? What's taking so long? And if we could have done it, why are we doing it right now? Because They can control it. They have all the cards. They have the power to hold that. They have the mines in place. And when we saw in recent weeks when a US vessel tried to cross the strait, they turned around pretty quickly, didn't they? Not too bad for a country that has no navy, no air force, and no air defense systems. I want to play for you really quickly though before we move on to another topic about this. JD Vance did speak about the progress that was being made with Iran, and he seems to think that things are going well, at least for the time being. But in this point here from Fox News, he makes about 3 different points. We'll break them down individually because I want you to hear exactly what he's saying right now and where is our focus in these, in these talks.

[17:07] **Speaker B:** Just accomplish 4 things for the American people. First, we wanted to build a mechanism for keeping the Strait of Hormuz open. It is open. We've seen, of course, gas prices and oil prices come down, millions and millions of barrels of crude and natural gas flowing through the Strait of Hormuz that weren't flowing before. But we also wanted to make sure that we actually set up the coordination mechanism so that we could demine the Straits of Hormuz so that when there are the conflicts that inevitably come up, we can make sure we work through them rather than that leading to escalation. And that is exactly what we did yesterday.

[17:42] **Speaker A:** So here's the first problem. He talks about demining. That is going to take you 6 months to demine that. Even if you started today, it'll take you about 6 months. So what are we in, December? It's gonna take us that long to fully go through and demine that entire strait to make it safe for crossing right now? And, and just so we're all understanding the same thing, folks, before this war, the strait was completely wide open. There was nobody stopping it, but the Iranians said to the United States and to Israel and to the world, if we are attacked, we will close the Strait of Hormuz. And we thought the Iranians were bluffing. Well, it turns out they were correct. We don't have the free flow of shipping going through. We, we were told the other day 20 oil tankers were able to get through, most of them being Iranian oil tankers. Right now, the strait has only opened up as of today, on Monday, to Iranian ships going through it. So we have Iranian oil going through, and by the way, we have sanctions released on the Iranians right now. So they're able to get their oil through, but who else is? Is Saudi Arabia? Is Kuwait? Bahrain? Qatar? UAE? No, not by a long shot. Let's continue.

[19:03] **Speaker B:** Number 2, we also wanted to build a mechanism, a similar mechanism for deconfliction for the regional ceasefire. As the president of the United States has himself said, sometimes these ceasefires just mean you're shooting a little bit less. But we wanted to make sure that we had the proper coordination set up so that if there is shooting, if Hezbollah fires at Israel or if Israel responds, if there are other conflicts that arise in the region, We're actually talking to each other and figuring out how to stop the shooting, how to make the region safer, our allies and everybody else.

[19:35] **Speaker A:** Okay. So here's another problem. A ceasefire means there is a cease to the firing, Mr. Vance. I mean, again, you should know this. A ceasefire means there is a cessation of the conflict. There is no firing. That's why you're in a ceasefire. For whatever time period you're in, for however long. So for him to say, well, you know, there's a little bit of shooting going on, and by the way, if it's Hezbollah, we've got to make sure we stop that. He never says anything about Israel. Why not? It's Israel that broke the ceasefire. They broke it, what, twice already? We saw IDF soldiers advancing the other day, and that caused Hezbollah to react. So a ceasefire means that both sides are not doing anything. They're not advancing, they're not taking land, they're not doing anything. They're not firing missiles, they're not shooting at each other, they're not doing anything. That's what was agreed upon. Not, well, you know, we'll shoot a little bit less, we'll just shoot, you know, we won't do it full time, we'll do it just a little bit at a time. That's not a ceasefire, folks. And again, in the points, the Iranians were very clear about this. Point number 1: All— that means everything— all fighting on all fronts stops, including in Lebanon. It was very clear. This is what Trump signed off on, so he should understand this. You cannot change the definition of what a ceasefire is: a complete stopping to all the firing. Let's let him talk about point 3.

[21:10] **Speaker B:** We set that up as well. Number 3, We— and this is probably what we're most excited about as Americans— the Iranians have agreed to invite IAEA inspectors back into their country. That is a major milestone for the American people and the first step in permanently denuclearizing or permanently ending a nuclear weapons program in Iran.

[21:33] **Speaker A:** We already had that with the JCPOA. We already had IAEA inspectors going in. You can listen to reports from Rafael Grossi about this, who again said exactly what I've told you, that there is no nuclear weapons program. They have a civilian program. They have a medical program. They are not building a nuclear weapon though. They signed off on this. By the way, the Iranians, even after Trump took us out of the JCPOA in 2018, which again was ridiculous, didn't replace it with anything. Even after that, the Iranians still allow the IAEA to come in and inspect their facilities. Now, of course, you hear people like Marco Rubio and people of the such coming in and saying, well, the Iranians were never honest. They, they try to hide things from the weapons inspectors. Again, there's no proof of that. Where's the proof of this? Again, if there was proof of it, there would be a nuclear weapons program. But then they go on and say, again, more baseless things. All the nuclear dust is buried deep within the earth, then how do they have a nuclear weapons program? What are they feeding into these centrifuges, these cascades? What are they doing? How are they doing it? We were told they had about, what is it, 900 kilograms of the 60% highly enriched hexafluoride, uranium hexafluoride. So again, if it's buried deep within the earth, how are they building a nuclear weapon? How are they only weeks away from building a nuclear weapon? If it is inaccessible even to the Iranians? Does anybody want to answer that for me? Where is the logic in that statement? So either we didn't get all the nuclear enrichment, or they have access to it. But again, if they have it buried deep within the earth in Natanz, Fordow, Isfahan, then how are they building a nuclear weapon a year later? If it was destroyed last June, folks, again, I really want to understand this because it doesn't make any bit of any sense to me. That being said, you know, again, we talk about all these things, uh, that are going on. Uh, it's getting more and more out of hand. Uh, we think we're making a breakthrough, then Trump goes out and says something completely outlandish about what's going on, threatening the Iranians yet again. That is not going to get them to the table. The bullying has got to stop. You are in negotiations. If this is how Trump used to do his business deals, then this is— there is no art of the deal. That's not a deal. That's all threats. Threats are not deals. I'll just say that to you. But I do want to say a couple other things too that are again, blocking these talks from going forward, at least getting us good negotiations. Um, and this comes from Reuters. Ladies and gentlemen, now let me take a look at this for you so again we understand exactly what's going on here. It says there Israeli have now— the Israelis have now— Israeli fire kills 9 people in Gaza, including what, a child and journalist, so medics say. So even if there's a ceasefire in Gaza right now, which again everyone's eyes are off Gaza, it's now on Lebanon, it's now on Iran, we still have during a ceasefire, we still have people getting killed inside Gaza. Over 1,000 estimated Palestinians, 4 Israeli soldiers have been killed in Gaza since the October truce. So if we're not even honoring a ceasefire inside of Gaza right now, how could we come out and say that, oh yeah, we're going to have— definitely have one in Lebanon when we know this entire time there have been shellings, there have been bombings, There's been lack of humanitarian aid to come to the region. Why are the Israelis still striking inside of Gaza during a ceasefire? What's going on here? Where is Trump? He's supposed to be leading this board of peace in the region. Where is it? There isn't one. And again, that's part of the problem. That's why the Iranians want this deal to be signed and they want it to be honored by the United— UN Security Council. They want other people to recognize, they want other countries to recognize this, that yes, this is what the United States said they were going to do, this is what we said we are going to do. Now, you could like the deal, you could not like the deal, but let me just say this to you: when you have won a conflict, you are the ones that get to dictate the terms for the victory. The United States has not won the conflict. And that's all the proof you need to see right now. So you'll hear on Fox News, you'll hear on OAN, you'll hear on Newsmax, CNN, ABC, NBC, all these news organizations. Well, the Iranians are weak and this and that, their economy's crumbling, just a matter of time. We can just go back in really soon and continue bombing and everything will just be fine. Ladies and gentlemen, the idea that you would go in and continue to bomb yet again and expect something new would happen is complete insanity. There is no evidence that if we went in there, we would again make any difference in the government or their stance on things or any of their positions at this point. In other words, what I'm trying to tell you is that we bit off more than we could chew. And if we cannot get the Israelis to stop a ceasefire in Gaza right now, which again, they're supposed to be in, I don't know how you can say 1,000 people, at least 1,000 people killed, uh, in that matter of time is a ceasefire. It's not. It's a war zone. And the same thing applies to Lebanon. You can't have your troops advancing when you're supposed to be neutral. You're supposed to be in a standstill, especially when you're in another country's land. So again, what I'm trying to say to you is every time you hear the word ceasefire, that's usually time for what? An army to replenish, an army to get more resources in the region, to rest, to get ready for attacks later on. But what the Israelis tried to do was again advance in this time when they're supposed to be in a ceasefire. So Hezbollah responded to that, and then of course Israel responded to that, and again it goes back and forth. Back and forth. And just in case you, you don't believe me or you think I'm being too critical of Israel, folks, let me just point this out to you as well. This comes from the Times of Israel and says, well, good old Ben-Gavir, right? Itamar Ben-Gavir. This is the national security minister of Israel, and this is what he's saying right now. Just in case you believe that these ceasefires, this conflict with Lebanon is going to stop anytime soon. It says, after paying heavy prices over the past several years of war, we have reached the point closest to a decisive victory. This is what Ben-Gvir just said. He said that he's describing, uh, arguing what he calls weak ceasefires. And he wanted to say that the equation must be very simple and clear: the state of Israel must be safe. If Israel is not safe, Beirut will look like Biet Hanout. Again, I don't know what that is, but it doesn't matter. It says here, the State of Israel must act out of a clear principle. We appreciate our friends. We love President Trump. We first and foremost, the soldiers of Israel. First of all, our fighters. First of all, our residents, is what Ben-Gvir says. Now let me play you a clip of him though. You know, that sounds nice, doesn't it? Well, you know, we love our troops, we love President Trump, right? He's given us everything, we love him. But listen to what he has to say next, again about Lebanon. Take a listen. Lebanon, all of Lebanon should become our playground. All of Lebanon should be our target. And people say to me, wait a minute, but there's Lebanon and there's Hezbollah. I don't accept this artificial distinction. Lebanon is a country. There are Hezbollah members in the Lebanese government, ministers on behalf of Hezbollah. It has a revolving door policy. Does that sound like there's the ability for negotiations if we're going to lump everybody into Hezbollah? Hezbollah, which formed because of, again, Israel's illegal invasion of the country in 1978. Again, folks, there's a history here that spans through a long, vast period of time. Israel's illegal occupation in southern Lebanon in the late 1970s, the early 1980s is what birthed Hezbollah. That's what it formed. It's part of a political party. And their faction is, no, we're not going to allow this to take place. And you can look at other things too. The Lebanese government itself is really just a puppet government for The United States. That's why they always continue to stand down anytime Israel does anything. But this is problematic. If there was no illegal Israeli invasion into the country right now, if there was no illegal occupation, which again violates UN Charter 242, look it up if you don't believe me, there would be no Hezbollah. Hezbollah wouldn't exist. And the same thing goes with Hamas. Hamas would not exist if not for The clean break policy. Again, you can go read that online if you'd like. If you don't— again, if you don't believe me, go look it up. Look up the clean break policy. Look up what mowing the lawn means. My God, look at the history of the region. You'll see it. It's all there, folks. And I don't say this just to put people down. I'm just saying this because these are the facts. We have to acknowledge the facts. This is why this is happening. Right now. So they could say they love Trump, they love this, but what are they doing? They're turning their back on Trump. They're not happy with Trump. So now we're gonna mince everybody is now in Hezbollah. Again, they can designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. So now it makes sense. Okay, well, we can kill everybody now. We can get rid of everybody. We can remove everybody. We hear the same rhetoric about people in Gaza. Every Palestinian is a terrorist. Every Palestinian is a barbarian, inhumane. Every Gazan child is going to grow up and become a terrorist. You heard this from Danny Danon, the UN ambassador from Israel, saying this very much out in the open. This does not speak of peace, ladies and gentlemen. And when he says things like, my position is that we cannot tolerate a single tear from an Israeli mother. If there are tears from a thousand Lebanese mothers, we need to keep going. This is not about protection. This is about Greater Israel. I know some of you don't like to hear about that, but again, this is the truth, folks. So I'm going to tell it to you as is. This is what they want. They want the land. For themselves. And this is where they're going. And again, can Trump stop it? Apparently not. Apparently not. I had a clip from Netanyahu too, from Judge Napolitano's show. Brilliant clip. Uh, I'm not going to play it for you though right now, but again, it just reiterates exactly what I'm saying to you right now. He gives some random hypothetical. This is why we're doing this. Everyone claps like seals and you know, the, you know, the routine. Again, not based on any bit of reality. But here, but here's my point. By the way, Paul Craig Roberts again writes brilliantly about this. I'm going to read a little bit of this to you as well. He asked, is Trump delusional or is he deceiving his supporters by painting defeat as victory? That's a serious question. Is he delusional? Did he not understand what he was signing in the MOU was an unconditional surrender, but not by Iran, by the United States. Again, the Iranians made the 14 points. This is what we were looking at. This is what we're going with. So it's the Iranians that are accepting. Of course, the United States does not want the Iranians to have a nuclear weapon. Fine. But when we look at this, when we, we see this, this is a capitulation by the US. Iran has surrendered nothing. But again, the rah-rah American crowd will prefer the lie to the facts. This is the problem. Many Americans are just not seeing the reality of what's going on here right now. That this is part of the problem. And he says something really interesting. He says, when reality is unpleasant, they retreat into this kind of fictitious reality created for them by the political masters, uh, the prostitutes. I think of the legacy media. All their pundits, the corporations, anything they put forth. They would rather be unaware and unstressed than stressed and informed. So Trump keeps them up by, you know, placing all these different situations to them about how we've defeated them, how the US and Israel have again forced the Iranians into this unconditional surrender. And this is America's victory. We have no victory. Here? Where's the victory for this? Again, I encourage you to go read the 14 points if you have not already. Where is our victory? We had a strait that was open before this war. We had no toll system in that strait, which will be there after the 60 days of negotiations whether we like it or not. Trump is not going to control it, whatever he might say to you, or Lindsey Graham or anybody else like that. Because we would have done it already. So the big question is, where do we go from here? When are people gonna say we've had enough of this conflict? Again, we're seeing gas prices come down. People get excited. They think, okay, good. Everything's working out accordingly. That evil Iran, that number one state sponsor of terrorists— terrorism, excuse me— is no more. We defeated— look what Trump did. See, promises made, promises kept. Except he promised to us that there wasn't going to be a war, that he would work on diplomacy rather than, of course, wars. And of course he backtracked. Well, I didn't say there wouldn't be any wars. I just said there would be no forever wars. Is it a forever war? We've only been there for a couple months. Get cozy, folks. It's okay. No, no, you ran on no new wars. I played you the clips. You can go back and listen to them whenever you want. No new wars. And again, when you have a— the precipice for this is that Iran had a nuclear weapon, they were going to have it within a couple weeks, and then you come back and tell us, well, Iran and their nuclear dust is buried under all these nuclear facility sites. Then I ask you the question, well, how do they have access to this? How are they this close if everything's been buried underground. It's been there for, well, now a year. They can't get to it to give it to us, and we can't get down there to get it. So how are they making a bomb with this? Again, I'm asking for a friend. I don't understand this. So when we were told so many different things, it's just so discombobulated. It doesn't make any sense. There was no reason to have this conflict. It was obviously Israel's doing for regime change. They don't want to admit that. They want to make it now surrounded about— around this nuclear weapons program, which again does not exist. You can look at CIA information, you can look at obviously Tulsi Gabbard's information, you can listen to Joe Kent. These people saw the information, they saw the documentation. There is no nuclear weapons program. So you're going to bomb a country that doesn't have a nuclear weapons program so they don't have a nuclear weapons program? And if they wanted to build a bomb, if they're always so close Why not after JCPOA ended? Why didn't they build a bomb then? Why not during the Biden administration? That kowtow to them. Why didn't they build a bomb then? I'm not saying I want a nuclear-armed Iran, but what I am saying to you is that you cannot just make things up and expect everyone just to follow along with it. Either they have a nuclear weapons program, they have the capability to do so, or they don't. And everything leads to that they weren't working on a nuclear weapon. That's the fact. And as a result of all this, folks, the death toll in Iran right now since the war began is about 3,468. Again, this is from Iran's Ministry of Health, between 8 months and 88 years of age, folks. 7 infants, 376 children, 496 women. That we know of right now. And don't even get me started about the 165, 168 school-aged children, girls, uh, many of whom were incinerated because Pete Hegseth decided to remove the rules of engagement, took away the civilian harm mitigation risk that is supposed to be followed where we avoid strikes in areas where there are civilians. We did not do that. We didn't do positive identification. Again, we should be going in and looking at all these sites. But again, this is all recklessness. According to Pete Hegseth, these are stupid rules of engagement. No, no, Pete, these are international law. You don't bomb and kill civilians. You don't do that. And so I have to ask you again, does Trump really know what's going on? Does he realize he signed his own surrender to the Iranians. And he agreed that this is going to be the framework of which he works on. Again, it appears not, because he's very miffed that they're going to have tolls on the Strait of Hormuz. And of course, that if any of that rhetoric were to come back, for instance, that they would close it again, that the talks would cease to exist. And I think it's putting him in the position I said that could happen as a result of this. What did I tell you a couple weeks ago? There's intel coming out that if this does not work out, that if the Iranians completely disassociate with these negotiations, they leave the Non-Proliferation Treaty, and they actually get or acquire a nuclear weapon and detonate that inside Iran, that is a possibility that that could still happen. I hope it doesn't happen. I don't want that to happen. But why would you push a country to that position? And by the way, we know they know this because Marco Rubio knows this. That means President Trump knows this. If I know this, they know this. And I'm getting my intel from people that know people that run intel in a specific country. I won't say which country, but this is what was being said by very reliable sources. We're still in realm for that. So if we don't want a nuclear-armed Iran, Why push them in that direction? Why push them in that— does Trump want to be the president that was the president that allowed them to build a nuclear bomb? Ask yourself that. Uh, that would be detrimental to his legacy, I would have to say. And if he— excuse me— if he allows this to happen, if he allows it to happen, he will go down as the worst president in American history. Mark my words. If he allows this to happen, or if the economy— global economy, rather— completely tanks, which again, we know that could happen much sooner than later. So while you might see the gas prices going down right now, folks, again, a lot of it is because of the rhetoric. Wall Street is still listening to the rhetoric because we're not in a supply stranglehold yet. Once that stranglehold exists, once they realize this— you can go look at the words from the CEO of Chevron, We're about a billion barrels short of oil. That's a lot of oil in this country. We don't get the proper amount of oil coming in from Venezuela, from Russia, obviously from the Middle East now, where this crude oil comes in that is used to create diesel, which allows for the transportation of all of our products all across the country on, uh, these trailers. Which we need desperately. If we don't have that, we don't have anything. When those costs go up, everything else follows suit. So don't say I didn't warn you, folks. All right, let's move on again. I got another very good article for us. This came out yesterday, and I'm not gonna spend too much time with this. Uh, this comes from The Wall Street Journal. A blast tore through Qatar's key natural gas facility, leaving 13 dead and injuring dozens of others. Rattling one of the world's most important exporters of liquefied natural gas as it tries to restore shipments disrupted by the Iran war. So here's how this works. Inside of Qatar, they're connected to this, this region of the Persian Gulf, of which they extract a lot of the liquefied natural gas in the world. Lots of it. And what's taking place now is that this facility went up in flames somehow. We don't know how this explosion started. Was it intentional? Was it accidental? Uh, this was in Ras Lafan. This industrial complex, uh, again, hadn't been hit prior to this. So people are wondering, how did this happen? How did this accident happen? Now, I haven't seen information as to where in the facility it was exactly. I saw where it exploded, but I don't know what exactly exploded. We don't know yet. And we'll have to see if something on the, the plant blueprint could have caused this. How did this happen? That's the big question. Could something have exploded like that to create the explosion we saw? Uh, but this is certainly not good for the liquefied natural gas. —when we're trying to get the Strait open, we're trying to make things move, when we want oil to flow freely, liquefied natural gas to flow freely, helium, aluminum, sulfur, you name it—when we see an attack at the biggest liquefied natural gas refinery inside the Middle East—this is one of the top 3 liquefied natural gas exporters in the world. The US is in there, so is Australia. They halted production of the fuel earlier during this conflict, of course, with the closure of the straits. So we had the facility offline. And as a result of the attacks, knocked out some 17% of the facility's capacity for up to 5 years. I said this to you before. I said a lot of these refineries are down. It's going to take many years to get them back up and running, especially if they've been damaged. We've heard about all of this, and again, it doesn't make sense that the Iranians would hit this. Again, I don't know that the Israelis would hit it. I don't know if the US would hit this. I don't know. We don't know yet. We have no idea. But isn't it odd that the Prime Minister of Qatar is there in Switzerland meeting with them at their own, uh, facility, and all of a sudden one of their— the largest of all the liquefied natural gas facilities is, is up in flames. So I don't know if they're— we're sending a message. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. I, I— we don't know yet. But given the reported scale of the explosion, further impact on operations or delay to restart the timeline cannot be ruled out. This is what they're saying right now. And as a result of that, we have other gas facilities that will be shut down until the company assesses the damage as of right now. So we got all these things on hold, folks. We got all these things on hold. It's obviously difficult now because the Iranians have closed the strait down. Now it's opened up right now just to Iranian ships to leave through, uh, but, but this is going to add up is what I'm trying to explain to you. And when facilities are damaged, when facilities have been hit, when facilities have been offline, when they're not refining or shipping. We're going to have lots of time between which, even if the strait opened up today, they could even ship their goods somewhere else. This is where we are right now, and we need things moving, not sitting still. It's not going to be good for commerce. Again, you would expect Trump and Vance and Rubio and to understand this. Why Marco Rubio isn't negotiating again is still beyond me. I don't know why he's not there. Working on these negotiations. He does tend to be one of the more reasonable voices of understanding in times. Again, I don't know why he's not there with JD Vance and why Trump is writing all this on X or Truth Social or whatever platform he's on writing all this nonsense. All it's doing is blocking negotiations from going forth. So this is a problem, folks. Again, I say this to you because I want you to know this. This will lead to problems in the near future with, again, specifically liquefied natural gas. Now, earlier I said in the program that Keir Starmer has now officially resigned, or he was at least forced to by his own party after several missteps and mistakes that soured voters' goodwill following the landslide victory that he won 2 years ago. Yeah, you know, they have in the UK, they have such a crappy voting system. That certain parties, when they're voted for, they are weighed. It's almost like what they do in Alaska. And they have like this kind of voting system where you can vote for who you want for number 1, number 2, number 3. Well, it's kind of like that in the UK, except each party gets weighed a certain way, if that makes sense. So in other words, let's say you voted for Keir Starmer's Labour Party. And let's say the Labour Party gets— every time you get a vote for them, they get 1.5 points. It works kind of like that. The Reform Party gets such little vote tallies when people are voting for them, but if it worked out, they would have far less representation for the Labour Party. They'd have much, much more for the Reform Party, by the way, more seats in the Parliament, if you will. They got— they have a really crappy system, is what I'm trying to say to you. But people want to change. They want the Conservatives out. They wanted, uh, what's his name, Uh, can't think of his name. The last prime minister, uh, was Rishi something. I can't remember his name right now. It eludes me, uh, partly because he was very lackluster, just like Keir Starmer. Uh, really insignificant, didn't do very much. Again, it's kind of indicative of here in the United States. We get Democrats in, they do absolutely nothing. Republicans in, they do a little bit more, but still we don't get exactly what we want. Same thing goes with the UK. Who has lots of problems on their hands right now. Now it says here that Starmer will remain caretaker Prime Minister until his Labour Party chooses a new leader, with expectations growing that it will be the former Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham. Who's Burnham? Who the hell knows? But I'm sure he'd love to be Prime Minister, live at 110 Downing Street, I would have to say. Burnham confirmed on social media that I will put forth Obviously, we put forward as part of this process. There you go. Yeah, why not? Former Health Secretary Wes Streeting, who was considered his main rival for the top job, said he will back Burnham. Okay, so we'll get this Burnham guy. Probably, it seems to be likely that he'll again take office. You know, one of the good things about this though is that if someone's doing really poorly in the UK, they can at least remove them. Here in the United States, we can't do that. So if we have a crappy president like a Joe Biden, if you will, who completely didn't have the mental facilities at all at any time to lead this country, uh, he's in there for the 4 years. Unless of course he gets 25th Amendment, in which again is probably never ever going to happen. Certainly not, certainly not today. We don't have people of honor today that would actually have the guts to go and say, you know what, this person does not belong in office. We won't see that today. You never will see that because again, the president tends to be the leader of the party. So why would you do that? It just looks bad. So yeah, we have the 25th Amendment. It just is never used. So what's going to happen in the UK? Well, they need change. Absolutely. They need change because look what's taking place with things like immigration, demographics of the nation. Uh, look where they are. You have people getting arrested because of racism. You have people getting monitored with digital ID and what have you. These things need to change, and they need a prime minister that is going to stop it, not encourage it. Keir Starmer was the focal point for a lot of this, and it doesn't shock me. It shouldn't shock you either. So we'll see how this Burnham does. Again, I don't know really anything about him. Um, but it does— I would love to see a Nigel Farage, don't you folks? Don't you want to see someone that wants change, that wants to preserve the UK, preserve their culture, preserve their people, not flooded with illegal aliens from God knows where into the country? Now we're seeing attacks all throughout the UK right now. It's very, very disgusting. There was a couple celebrating, I think, a birthday. A guy got stabbed. With his wife and the location he was in. Just like it's nothing, just like it's nothing, folks. And we see it through in Paris. We see it in Rome, Italy. We see it all over the place. See it in Germany. But you can't be a racist. You can't say anything against your attacker or mugger. No, we saw what happened to that young gentleman, that Henry Nowak, I believe his name was, uh, you know, saying, hey, I've been stabbed. And they're going, oh no, you haven't, mate. No, you haven't. I don't see any stab wounds there. We gotta put you under arrest, mate. You said something about this gentleman who's a fine young British man from— where the hell was he from? Pakistan? Who the hell knows? Not that there's not great people from Pakistan, but you got my point. The UK is a mess. They need change. They need change right now. Nigel Farage is probably the only one that can deliver it. I don't think this Burnham, even though I don't know anything about him, would do anything to change that. Just again, want to be honest with you. Let's move on though to change we need to have here in the United States. This comes from Newsweek. It says, Tulsi Gabbard drops documents she says relate to COVID. And what did Anthony Fauci have to do with all this? This is the big thing right now. These documents that were released late on Thursday, which were again, a part of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, described a years-long declassification review, including internal communications, Whistleblower allegations, intelligence-related material tied to debates over how the coronavirus pandemic began. You know, the pandemic that, you know, 5,000 people died worldwide. Of course, we had to call this a state of emergency and close everything down for 2 weeks to slow the stupid spread of a virus that wasn't affecting anybody. Bunch of nonsense. Anyways, you know, I never fell for this. I gotta be honest with you folks. I never fell for this in 2020. I really didn't. I don't say that to you because I have a show now, but I never did. I knew right away that the masks were nonsense. They were garbage. They didn't do anything. I knew the shot would be catastrophic, again, based on the information I was being told at the time by people like Dr. Sherri Tenpenny, Dr. Brian Ardis, Robert Malone. Again, you go through the list of these doctors. Dr. Malone invented this technology. He said, "Wait, wait, wait, we shouldn't be doing this right now." But what did Anthony Fauci, the pill pusher, do? He tried to push it on you every single time he could. Remember, it was wear the mask first. It was wear the mask. Masks are great. Masks will stop the spread. Oh yeah. Then it was get the shot so you don't have to wear the mask, but then you still had to wear the mask after getting the shot, which made no sense because the shot should stop you from transmitting COVID or even getting COVID. But that wasn't good. You still had to wear a mask. Then it was wear two masks for a while. And then after they let this run out, which by the way, Gavin Newsom in California, where I was at the time, uh, just loved, loved the martial law that he put on the people of California. How he could win a reelection, how he could win, how he could survive a recall again is still very much beyond me. But again, you saw what happened in the LA mayoral race. Spencer Pratt is just gaining on, you know, right behind Karen Bass, who no way she should be leading anything. I wouldn't let her lead a hot dog stand, let alone lead the city of Los Angeles. Leading his way through, leading his way right behind her. Then we get this 25,000 ballot drop. Of course, not one of those 25,000 ballots goes through Spencer Pratt, but they go to everybody else, Karen Bass. And then of course the woman who was way behind him by, I think, like 7 or 8 points, maybe even more. Either had 27 or 30% of the vote at that time. She comes in from 20% and just totally surpasses all them with these both— these— the votes that they found, of course, after the polls closed. Again, not a shock. This is how California is run, folks, for those of you that didn't know. Anyways, I digress. We're talking about COVID Why does this matter right now? The release of these documents is the latest step in, of course, the current administration's broader effort to revisit decisions made during the pandemic and scrutinize intelligence and scientific practices. This is good. Now, what do the documents claim? This is the biggest part. Gabbard said in a statement, she said, the COVID-19 pandemic causes tremendous hardship and pain for millions of our fellow Americans., and for countless people all around the world. After years of lies, censorship, cover-ups, the American people deserve transparency, truth, and accountability. Absolutely right. She then added that the tactics used to hide the truth are straight from the deep state playbook. Politicized, self-serving leaders like Tony Fauci covered up their own wrongdoing and abuses of power, manipulated intelligence, lied to Congress, and undermined a duly elected president. Well, again, President Trump let him run roughshod. Remember every day he'd get up there in his little suits, right? Well, today what we're going to do, folks, we're going to talk about masks. You got to wear a mask. You got to do that. Yeah. Shut the hell up, you idiot. First of all, first of all, the genius about this, again, for anyone who's objective, like I am, put them, put one of those cloth masks on, right? You'll notice that the sides are wide open. Folks. And you'll notice if you looked at people like Dr. Simone Gold's research that the coronavirus itself was about 0.1 microns, extremely microscopic. It's so tiny you can't even see it. But the holes in the mask were anywhere from 20 to 400 microns. Again, you can't even see them, they're that small. But the virus, if someone coughed in your face, it would go right through the mask. And by the way, your eyes are exposed and what have you, uh, so You know, you're not going to stop anything. It's just ridiculous. But it did block your, your airway, right? You had to breathe into this cloth mask all day, which you're not supposed to do, which is not healthy, which raises CO2 levels in the body. But it got people to do that. And of course, people got bacterial pneumonia and things of that. I won't get into all that. But there's seriously some, some things about this, especially with the, the virus's origins, if you will. But what they're saying now, the Director of National Intelligence Office is saying that Fauci oversaw funding that supported the coronavirus research involving bat viruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Again, this is what Senator Rand Paul said to him. He said, you funded gain-of-function research. Fauci told him he didn't know what gain-of-function meant. They go back and forth. We know that Rand Paul, for instance, wanted the DOJ to look into this. Of course, why would the Biden DOJ do that? They pardoned the guy. So now you have the release of this alleged— that is alleged— this work involving the gain-of-function research and describing as being widely viewed as linked to a potential laboratory-related origin of the pandemic. So again, this is lab-made. This isn't something that occurred in nature. Now, Gabbard has also claimed that the documents that she has in her possession show that officials within the intelligence community suppressed dissenting views, including those supportive of the laboratory origin hypothesis. Well, yeah, again, if you're someone like Anthony Fauci who has a patent on this, that means it cannot come from nature. Anything occurring in nature cannot have a patent on it. So Fauci can raise his right hand and say, I swear to God, I'll never lie to you. Uh, yeah, he lied through the entirety of folks. Lather them tight and bubbly. We have whistleblower claims coming through as well. Testimony alleging that the intelligence analyst expressed alternative views on the virus origins faced professional consequences. We saw this with doctors when I was in California in Bakersfield. They were saying, listen, this is not right. This is not going to stop the spread of anything. This is not going to do anything. These are not normal practices. Why are we doing this? But nobody said a damn thing, and people even lost their licenses over this. And of course, if you lost your license, you were told because you were crazy. You weren't listening to the science. You weren't following the science. This is the problem. You let the one group of people decide what the science is, and anyone else that has any objections is told that they're not following it. A complete and utter sham, folks. You know, Fauci, uh, you know, led the National Infectious Diseases for decades, and of course became this figure that destroyed everything. He took down the entirety of the country, folks. And I hope to God the DOJ looks into this. This is what we need to see. That'll be it for today's program, folks. Thank you for being here. As always, enjoy the rest of your day. I'll see you back here tomorrow for more groundbreaking news on the next Marco Duray Show. Until then, be good, stay busy, God bless.
