# Ep. 925 - Democrats, It May Be Too Late To Moderate

**Show:** American Perspective with Rick Thomas
**Date Published:** 2026-06-28
**Date Found:** 2026-06-28
**URL:** https://www.spreaker.com/episode/ep-925-democrats-it-may-be-too-late-to-moderate--72724726?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 91 minutes

## Summary

This 91-minute episode of American Perspective with Rick Thomas mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, American Perspective with Rick Thomas

## Key Moment

> "Where do you think they're gonna go? They're gonna take off out of the country. They're gonna go places where their money is actually gonna be worth more. They're gonna go to places like, oh, I don't know, Cancún— sorry, the Cayman Islands is what I was thinking of. Anyway, yeah, yeah. So in his post In his Substack post, he argued that the fight to make the wealthiest Americans pay more in taxes is not one that we should be fighting state by state. He said the fight belongs at the federal level, where the broken system was created in the first place. Really? He also put in an ex-post, he says The system is fundamentally broken. The federal tax code, corporate code, inheritance code were written for a different set of Americans. It's time for an economic reset. Yeah. Yep. Oh, and by the way, Newsom said that he felt vindicated in opposing the proposed wealth tax after reports showed that some of California's wealthiest residents moving money and businesses out of state. Warning that the measure would damage the economy and drive away investment. You think? Oh my gosh. He said in a Politico interview on Monday, he goes, this is my fear. It's just what I warned against. It's happening. He goes, the evidence is in. The impacts are very real, not just substantive or substantive economic impacts in terms of the revenue, but startups, the indirect impacts of people questioning long-term commitments, medium-term commitments, he continued. That's not what we need right now at a time of so much uncertainty. Quite, quite the contrary. Yeah, right. Yep, folks, these people don't care. They just know they don't give a crap one bit about it. And what's sad is the Democrat Party internally is starting to realize that, wait a minute, maybe we overextended ourselves. But an even worse piece out of all of this is the fact that the right The right more often than not says, oh, that's just Democrats being Democrats and it'll go away soon. When the Democrats start losing, it'll go away. No, it won't. See, these assholes like Mamdani, like Ilhan Omar, like all of these others that are in Congress and everywhere else that keep getting elected, are getting elected Because people are stupid. Do you know what the incumbency rate is for a, a, uh, uh, House of Representatives person? It's almost 80 to 90%. And here's why: because people get stupid. They vote the person in And then they continue to vote the person in because they don't bother to look into that individual's job performance once they get into the office. Why do you think AOC still has a freaking job? I mean, how many times has she said completely stupid off-the-cuff remarks? And what do they do? Well, they vote her in because they figure, what the hell, she's the only one that I know. Maybe it's better to vote in the devil that we know than the devil that we don't. See, this is the problem with today's— with today's, um, voting. Today's politics, nobody wants to get involved, nobody wants to be a part of these politics. And so what happens? You have radical people, radical idiots get in and then start changing the laws and essentially change the culture of the country. And we're at that point right now. We're at that point. Because people are basically voting these people in for— ideally, I don't know, maybe a difference, a change. I have no idea why they're voting these people in. I guarantee you it's not me. It wouldn't be me if I lived over there because I actually pay attention to politics for the most part. I won't say everything, but for the most part. If the Republicans are not smart here, if Republicans are not smart, they are going to end up losing the government to the leftist moron lunatics. So what's going to happen? We're going to allow it to happen because we the voters are apparently too busy at our jobs, too interested in the latest, uh, Kardashian dress or, you know, whatever on reality TV to actually pay attention to what is really important, which is our politics and our religion and our culture. We're going to lose all of that, and it's already started. We are starting on the downhill slope. And people don't seem to understand this. It's happening right now, every day. See, we, you know, people sit here and they look at New York because this is highly publicized about the 3 socialists that happened in New York, but this is happening everywhere. Look at Seattle. Self-described socialist Katie Wilson elected mayor in 2025. She's never held a job. Los Angeles, DSA-backed incumbents secured reelections handily. Nithya Raman, who is a— just absolutely, if you think Karen Bass was bad, man, this lady, holy crap, she advanced to the LA mayoral runoff. Washington, D.C., they have a DSA-aligned Janice Lewis George. She won the Democrat primary for mayor. Aparna Raj captured Ward 1's council seat in D.C. The candidates are young, they're highly educated— meaning they're highly indoctrinated— ideologically extreme— thanks to that indoctrination— and lack in any real-world governing or private sector experience. Yet they know how to run a TikTok reel. They know how to run social media, and that's what they do. By the way, some of these people like Katie Wilson are actually from very rich families, and yet they claim that they represent the actual working-class Americans. Yeah, this is a problem. This is a serious problem. This is a very serious problem. And if you think this is, you know, something that's going to go away, it's not. It's not going to go away anytime soon. It's going to get worse before it gets better unless we can stand up and block these people from getting general elections and get these people out of office. Seriously, get these people out of office. And if you think that it's not happening to the leftists either, let me just tell you, here's an example of a leftist Wikipedia. I always laugh whenever I see a leftist go and, you know, attack me on social media or post some Wikipedia post and be like, see, see, there's the proof. I hate to tell you this, people. No, I don't. I don't hate to tell you this at all. Wikipedia is not considered to be a reliable proper source of information. Now Wikipedia by itself is mostly leftist, but here's even something even worse. One of the co-founders— I don't know if you saw this, but here in Breitbart, one of the co-founders by the name of Larry Sanger He gets banned from Wikipedia. Why? Because he essentially says, hey, uh, we need intellectual diversity. In other words, we need to have more people representing more perspectives, more viewpoints, in order to get actual factual information. That's what he says, and they went and banned him indefinitely. One of the Wikipedia editors called this a show trial. See, Sanger was trying to form a group on the site that would advocate for policy reforms that promote Intellectual diversity. I thought the leftists were all about diversity. I thought the leftists were all about inclusion of everybody, that everybody was okay. We all know that's a lie. We all know that's a lie, and it keeps getting shown to us by the actions every single day. If you don't agree with a leftist They don't like you. They don't want you in their group. They don't want to hear what you have to say. They hate you. For them, it's either mimic my ideas, which is why you have these, these echo chambers like X used to be when it was Twitter and now Bluesky, these echo chambers of thought. And they think that, oh, these are, these are absolutely great. This is so provocative and innovative and progressive to think this way. No, what's progressive, innovative, and provocative is to have all aspects represented, and then you choose the best one and you go from there. Telling you folks, we're in for a very, very rough ride, and this is just the start. Alrighty folks, that is it for me for this evening. Do me a favor, if you haven't already, head on over to rumble.com, get yourself an account, it is free. And once you are signed up and signed in, make sure that you search up the American Perspective channel and hit that green follow button to get notified every time that I go live. Also too, don't forget to give me a thumbs up, thumbs down, or in the case of 3Chevy, a thumb sideways or at an angle across all of my platforms, whether it's X, YouTube, Facebook, or of course the aforementioned Rumble. Have a great rest of your weekend. We will see you Monday right here on American Perspective, 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM Eastern time. Have a great rest of your weekend like I already said, and good night everybody. The previous broadcast was produced and is owned by Active Eye Media, LLC. All rights reserved."
> — Speaker A at 77:43
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [77:43] Speaker A: "Where do you think they're gonna go? They're gonna take off out of the country. They're gonna go places where their money is actually gonna be worth more. They're gonna go to places like, oh, I don't know, Cancún— sorry, the Cayman Islands is what I was thinking of. Anyway, yeah, yeah. So in his post In his Substack post, he argued that the fight to make the wealthiest Americans pay more in taxes is not one that we should be fighting state by state. He said the fight belongs at the federal level, where the broken system was created in the first place. Really? He also put in an ex-post, he says The system is fundamentally broken. The federal tax code, corporate code, inheritance code were written for a different set of Americans. It's time for an economic reset. Yeah. Yep. Oh, and by the way, Newsom said that he felt vindicated in opposing the proposed wealth tax after reports showed that some of California's wealthiest residents moving money and businesses out of state. Warning that the measure would damage the economy and drive away investment. You think? Oh my gosh. He said in a Politico interview on Monday, he goes, this is my fear. It's just what I warned against. It's happening. He goes, the evidence is in. The impacts are very real, not just substantive or substantive economic impacts in terms of the revenue, but startups, the indirect impacts of people questioning long-term commitments, medium-term commitments, he continued. That's not what we need right now at a time of so much uncertainty. Quite, quite the contrary. Yeah, right. Yep, folks, these people don't care. They just know they don't give a crap one bit about it. And what's sad is the Democrat Party internally is starting to realize that, wait a minute, maybe we overextended ourselves. But an even worse piece out of all of this is the fact that the right The right more often than not says, oh, that's just Democrats being Democrats and it'll go away soon. When the Democrats start losing, it'll go away. No, it won't. See, these assholes like Mamdani, like Ilhan Omar, like all of these others that are in Congress and everywhere else that keep getting elected, are getting elected Because people are stupid. Do you know what the incumbency rate is for a, a, uh, uh, House of Representatives person? It's almost 80 to 90%. And here's why: because people get stupid. They vote the person in And then they continue to vote the person in because they don't bother to look into that individual's job performance once they get into the office. Why do you think AOC still has a freaking job? I mean, how many times has she said completely stupid off-the-cuff remarks? And what do they do? Well, they vote her in because they figure, what the hell, she's the only one that I know. Maybe it's better to vote in the devil that we know than the devil that we don't. See, this is the problem with today's— with today's, um, voting. Today's politics, nobody wants to get involved, nobody wants to be a part of these politics. And so what happens? You have radical people, radical idiots get in and then start changing the laws and essentially change the culture of the country. And we're at that point right now. We're at that point. Because people are basically voting these people in for— ideally, I don't know, maybe a difference, a change. I have no idea why they're voting these people in. I guarantee you it's not me. It wouldn't be me if I lived over there because I actually pay attention to politics for the most part. I won't say everything, but for the most part. If the Republicans are not smart here, if Republicans are not smart, they are going to end up losing the government to the leftist moron lunatics. So what's going to happen? We're going to allow it to happen because we the voters are apparently too busy at our jobs, too interested in the latest, uh, Kardashian dress or, you know, whatever on reality TV to actually pay attention to what is really important, which is our politics and our religion and our culture. We're going to lose all of that, and it's already started. We are starting on the downhill slope. And people don't seem to understand this. It's happening right now, every day. See, we, you know, people sit here and they look at New York because this is highly publicized about the 3 socialists that happened in New York, but this is happening everywhere. Look at Seattle. Self-described socialist Katie Wilson elected mayor in 2025. She's never held a job. Los Angeles, DSA-backed incumbents secured reelections handily. Nithya Raman, who is a— just absolutely, if you think Karen Bass was bad, man, this lady, holy crap, she advanced to the LA mayoral runoff. Washington, D.C., they have a DSA-aligned Janice Lewis George. She won the Democrat primary for mayor. Aparna Raj captured Ward 1's council seat in D.C. The candidates are young, they're highly educated— meaning they're highly indoctrinated— ideologically extreme— thanks to that indoctrination— and lack in any real-world governing or private sector experience. Yet they know how to run a TikTok reel. They know how to run social media, and that's what they do. By the way, some of these people like Katie Wilson are actually from very rich families, and yet they claim that they represent the actual working-class Americans. Yeah, this is a problem. This is a serious problem. This is a very serious problem. And if you think this is, you know, something that's going to go away, it's not. It's not going to go away anytime soon. It's going to get worse before it gets better unless we can stand up and block these people from getting general elections and get these people out of office. Seriously, get these people out of office. And if you think that it's not happening to the leftists either, let me just tell you, here's an example of a leftist Wikipedia. I always laugh whenever I see a leftist go and, you know, attack me on social media or post some Wikipedia post and be like, see, see, there's the proof. I hate to tell you this, people. No, I don't. I don't hate to tell you this at all. Wikipedia is not considered to be a reliable proper source of information. Now Wikipedia by itself is mostly leftist, but here's even something even worse. One of the co-founders— I don't know if you saw this, but here in Breitbart, one of the co-founders by the name of Larry Sanger He gets banned from Wikipedia. Why? Because he essentially says, hey, uh, we need intellectual diversity. In other words, we need to have more people representing more perspectives, more viewpoints, in order to get actual factual information. That's what he says, and they went and banned him indefinitely. One of the Wikipedia editors called this a show trial. See, Sanger was trying to form a group on the site that would advocate for policy reforms that promote Intellectual diversity. I thought the leftists were all about diversity. I thought the leftists were all about inclusion of everybody, that everybody was okay. We all know that's a lie. We all know that's a lie, and it keeps getting shown to us by the actions every single day. If you don't agree with a leftist They don't like you. They don't want you in their group. They don't want to hear what you have to say. They hate you. For them, it's either mimic my ideas, which is why you have these, these echo chambers like X used to be when it was Twitter and now Bluesky, these echo chambers of thought. And they think that, oh, these are, these are absolutely great. This is so provocative and innovative and progressive to think this way. No, what's progressive, innovative, and provocative is to have all aspects represented, and then you choose the best one and you go from there. Telling you folks, we're in for a very, very rough ride, and this is just the start. Alrighty folks, that is it for me for this evening. Do me a favor, if you haven't already, head on over to rumble.com, get yourself an account, it is free. And once you are signed up and signed in, make sure that you search up the American Perspective channel and hit that green follow button to get notified every time that I go live. Also too, don't forget to give me a thumbs up, thumbs down, or in the case of 3Chevy, a thumb sideways or at an angle across all of my platforms, whether it's X, YouTube, Facebook, or of course the aforementioned Rumble. Have a great rest of your weekend. We will see you Monday right here on American Perspective, 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM Eastern time. Have a great rest of your weekend like I already said, and good night everybody. The previous broadcast was produced and is owned by Active Eye Media, LLC. All rights reserved."

## Full Transcript

[00:01] **Speaker A:** A rare and balanced view on politics in today's world, based on facts, born of rationality, common sense, and logic, providing context on today's events. This is American Perspective with Rick Thomas. Hello everyone and welcome to American Perspective. I am your host, Rick. Well, there's some signs that the Democrats, at least the Democrat Party, might be heeding the words of James Carville, where Carville was saying, hey, these socialists, we don't need them here. We don't need them in our party. We don't want them in our party. Well, there's a few signs that are out there that are starting to show up that, well, maybe the Democrats are like, yo, whoa, whoa, we went too far. Not that I think that it matters. It's probably a little too late for the Democrats and their party. Yeah, it might be too— a little, little too little too late, but we'll see. We'll have to see. And, uh, some conversations with regards to The New York City mayor, well, he has decided that because of his victories in the primaries, his primary victories, that he's, he's starting to see, or at least feel, his oats and is now like, hey, guess what, now I'm gonna really get— because apparently I now have the will of the people. Behind me. We'll get to all that in just a couple of minutes, but first let's go ahead and get to the Pledge of Allegiance. Tonight's pledge is brought to you by none other than the really surprisingly cute voice of BAMM. She said— she— I'm sorry, I'm not trying to make any fun of her or anything. She's just— she, she has this cute little high-pitched voice. I mean, yeah. Anyway, ah, let's go ahead and get Bam going here. So if you are of mind, please stand, remove your hat if you're wearing one like me, place your hand over your heart, and follow along with Bam. As she recites the Pledge of Allegiance. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. And of course, I thank you, Bam, for that wonderful rendition of the Pledge. Pledge. If you would like to hear your rendition of the Pledge played here on the program, all you need to do is record yourself reciting or performing the Pledge in your style. Take that audio file, video file, whatever kind of file, and attach it to an email. Then send that email off to me by addressing it to fans, F-A-N-S, at americanperspective.online. That's fans@americanperspective.online, and I will get you into the rotation. I have 24 of these wonderful user-submitted— or well, not users, but listener-submitted pledges. I'd like to get 2 more by the end of 2026 to have a total of 26 for 2026. So if you haven't done yours already, please, please do it and send it in. If you use your phone to record the, the pledge, you can try the share option. That's the S-H-A-R-E option, and you'll be able to send that off to fans@americanperspective.online. That's fans@ americanperspective.online, and I will get you into the rotation. All right, let's talk about our— well, first of all, let's talk about what I'm drinking tonight. It's, uh, you haven't seen this in a while, but I know if Bonnie's in the chat, she's gonna be like, yay! So here it is, Four Roses Single Barrel. Yep, that's right, making a common recurring appearance here on the show. I went to the store and picked up a couple bottles. I got that and Buffalo Trace, so I'm not drinking the other stuff. And of course, I'm drinking it out of the American Perspective logo glass. This is the sister to the It Takes Stones to drink with whiskey glass that was done up by none other than my fantastic Whiskey Warrior P1s. That's right, they sent it off to me. I wasn't expecting it, but they went ahead and sent it to me. It was just fantastic. It's just, uh, yeah, and it's got the requisite stones in the bottom. You can see the stones at the bottom of the glass. All right, here we go, first sip. Mm, it's been a while, old friend. All right, let's go ahead and talk about our headline sponsor for tonight, which is none other than Oh goodness, this is what happens when you, when you have to, um, you know, when you have interns that don't know what they're doing. TheAmericanView.com. Ah, that's where you go to find the website for The American View. The American View, formerly known as the Institute on the Constitution, has a new Vision. Vision. The vision is a nation of effective and influential contributors to American government, society, and culture, prepared by educational resources focused on the biblical and transformative heritage of America's founding. That's right, be a defender of truth, liberty, and God-given rights Learn your U.S. Constitution, folks. That's right, you can take the U.S. Constitution course by heading off to theamericanview.com. That's theamericanview.com. Go there, get started on their courses. They have some lovely courses that you can go and learn about. And if you head over there and click on their U.S. Constitution course, you can start your constitutional journey. Lesson 1 is free. You get your first name, last name, your email put in, in this form. You click Get Lesson 1 Free, this button right here that I'm changing from blue to white. Click on that and it goes directly to your email box. Learn at your own pace with the nationally recognized 100% online course that they have. There's 12 short lessons. Each lesson is about 15 to 20 minutes long, so it's really not all that hard, folks. It's just 12 weeks, that's it. 12 weeks, you can do that. That's a quarter, 3 months, roughly 3 months. It's one quarter anyway. And then once you do that, go and learn from some of their other courses that they have. And then join the community, become a donor or a sponsor or a member, or better yet, after you've learned all these wonderful things, you can go and leave a legacy by restoring the Constitutional Republic and prepare the future by hosting courses in your community. Okay, yeah, it's time to lead. Become an instructor. It's simple. It takes 3 simple steps. You can re— uh, you can learn about it on this video. And then once you learn how to become an instructor and you have an instru— and you try, or you put in your paperwork and everything to become an instructor, then here's 5 tips for a successful class, because they have to see you teach a class. So There's your 5 tips for a successful class. They set you up. They, they're not going to leave you. They want you to become an instructor. Trust me, they're going to help you become an instructor. And look at this, they have a full kit available that has all kinds of information for you to educate yourself, equip your— yourself, and then schedule a practice class. You get that instructor kit, you can head on over to their shop And you can get the U.S. Constitution course, the other educational resources that they have available, self-evident apparel, other instructor materials. And you can head to my personal favorite right above my head, right here, right up here, right up there, is the Legacy Library. The Legacy Library is filled with leather-bound or leather Leather Products. I love my leather. Don't tell my wife. Um, I love leather. But anyway, you can go and, and pick up like the Leather Declaration of Independence, the Leather U.S. Constitution wall hangings. Those are pretty expensive, I'll admit. They are, they are pretty expensive. They're, they're fantastic, trust me, they're worth every penny. But not everybody can afford that. But I do recommend that you get the leather-bound US Constitution book. This little bugger right here. Get that. That's right, right here in my hot little hands, the US Constitution. Look behind me. Ah, that's the US Constitution right there. That's right, this is the sexy rounded corner book that you can stick in your pocket. It is a fantastic, fantastic thing. Uh, Whiskey Warrior 3 Chevy says each leather book has genuine Roman numerals because that's just how we roll. And then, uh, G says a pocket constitution that gives a rare vision and provides context in a dynamic world. Well, let's check this thing out. It's got an eighth of an inch of saddleback leather wrapped around pages that are water and tear resistant. No cheap glue here, folks. This is stitched all the way through the binding, the leather, and the pages contained within. It's got a 100-year warranty against materials manufacturing defects, such that if you have a problem with this item, you can send it back to manufacturer and they will either fix it or replace it for free. Excuse me. It is Buddy tested, Buddy approved, Billy tasted, Billy approved, and my youngest whiskey warrior Yeah, has confirmed that the information contained within will help you to achieve your civics badge in Scouts. It'll also help you with your civics exam as well as your, um, uh, naturalization test. I keep forgetting that one. Anyway, head on over to theamericanview.com, go to shop. Then go to their Legacy Library and pick yours up today. Get it as a gift for your constitutional conservative in your family, and then get it also as a gift for all of your leftist lunatic friends, because the minute that they touch this, you'll find them with internal gastro— gastrointestinal distress. According to 3Chevy. Anyway, there you go. Head on over to theamericanview.com, check out all of their products and services that they have available, and I thank them for being a sponsor of this program. theamericanview.com, theamericanview.com. All right, no, Bonnie, Sorry, sweetheart, but no, the bourbon hasn't hit already. You know what's interesting is apparently, and I don't know why, but my mouth is extremely wet right now. I know, too much information, I get it. But, uh, it's— it has something to do with the fact that I've been drinking a lot of water or something. I don't know. Anyway, so you're probably going to hear me, you know, swallow and smack a little bit, a lot, maybe during the show. For some reason. Uh, yeah, either that or I'll just have to wash it down with the bourbon there, sweetie. Mm, there we go. All right, well, let's get on to the first segment of the program, which is none other than On This Day in American History. To be honest, I was thinking I might miss that one because I was off last Saturday, which would, would have screwed me up for this week. But hey, I got it. Here we go. This is the American Patriots Almanac, written by William J. Bennett and John T. E. Cribb. Ta-da! Chock full of all kinds of factoids and information about this wonderful, fantastic country that we call home. And yes, gee, nothing a little constitutional stitching won't fix.

[14:57] **Speaker B:** Haha.

[14:58] **Speaker A:** All right, well, let's see. Oh, tonight we're going to talk about Not a Gesture, an Act of Supreme Valor. As night fell on June 27, 2005, 4 U.S. Navy SEALs dropped from a helicopter onto a mountainous enemy-controlled terrain in Afghanistan to begin a high-risk mission. Lieutenant Michael Murphy and Petty Officers Matthew Axelson, Danny Dietz, and Marcus Luttrell had orders to locate a terrorist leader. The team picked its way across rugged terrain and by morning had taken up position on a steep ridge, but 3 goat herders stumbled across the hiding place and alerted local Taliban forces. About an hour later, dozens of enemy fighters swarmed around the 4 Americans. A firefight erupted as the SEALs bounded down the mountainside, hoping to reach a place to make a stand. With one man dead, the other 2 wounded, and realizing that their only chance was to call for help, Murphy made the ultimate sacrifice. He moved into open ground where he could get a phone signal exposing himself to enemy fire. "My guys are dying out here, we need help," he told headquarters just before being shot in the back. He pulled himself up, finished relaying their position, and signed off with "Roger that, sir, thank you," then started firing again. By the time the fight was over, Murphy Axelson and Dietz were dead. The rescue helicopter carrying 16 men was shot down by a Taliban rocket, killing all aboard. Some 35 Taliban fighters had died. In 2007, Michael Murphy was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his courage and loyalty. Marcus Luttrell the only team member to make it through the operation alive, summed up Murphy's final act in his book Lone Survivor. Quote: His objective was clear: to make one last valiant attempt to save his two teammates. Not a gesture, an act of supreme valor. And that is tonight's On This Day in American History. You know, if you haven't seen the movie Lone Survivor with Mark Wahlberg, you probably should. It is supposed to be a pretty good— well, as good as Hollywood can make a pretty good representation of what happened on that trip, on that, um, mission. And, uh, yeah, I've seen it twice. It's a, it's a pretty good movie. You know, Mark Wahlberg does get a lot of guff sometimes, but as far as I'm concerned, a couple of his very best movies were that one as well as, um, uh, Oh, what's the other one that he had? Um, shoot, I'm trying to think. It's got Michael Peña in it where he's a sniper, and I can't think of it right. Shooter. There we go, Shooter. Yeah, those are a couple really good movies, uh, in my opinion. But anyway, all right, I digress. Ah, we're already off the rails. And I haven't even started yet. Okay, well, hmm, let's see if I go off the rails over here. Well, Donald Trump was set up. You know, Peter Doocy does a really good job, and he kind of set up Donald Trump for this, uh, in the White House at this press briefing. And, um, well, let's just say that, uh, you know, Donald Trump's not one to necessarily pass up on an opportunity like this to, uh, you know, sort of attack the Dems. Here he is, and let's take a listen. Does this tell you that the Democratic Party's 2028 nominee will likely be, or could likely be, a Democratic socialist? Well, it should make it easier for Republicans because most of the nation is composed of sane people. They don't want to You know, if you look throughout history, go back thousands of years, you've always had socialism and communism by different names. It's never ever worked. It's not going to work this time either. Yeah, it's not going to work, he says. It's not going to work this time. Well, I don't know. I don't know. We have a bunch of morons who are voting. Seriously, a bunch of morons who are voting. Morons who also are a little unhinged. Let's just admit that little fact right now. And the best example I can, I can supply is none other than New York City Mayor Democrat socialist idiot. Well, I'm having a request here. The request— Bonnie has requested the, uh, the, the dumbass song, so hold on here. Here we go. You're a dumbass, you're a dumbass, you're grade A number one. You're a dumbass, you're a dumbass, and you'll be one all your dumbass life. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, there you go. All right. Oh well, ma'am Danny, ma'am Danny. Yeah, he's— you know, the saying goes that when you, when you vote The voters deserve what they get, good and hard. I'm paraphrasing, of course. I don't know the exact quote, but it's something along those lines. And the thing about it is, is that, well, New York City might be finding out that this socialism thing probably isn't going to work out very well for you. So Zoran Momdani has a plan. Just like any other socialist out there, socialist, market Marxist, whatever, he has decided that yeah, he's going to seize private property and take over the apartment housing business in New York City. It's really pretty, you know, to be honest with you, if I weren't appalled by this and so abhorrent by this, I would kind of say, hey, you know, this is a brilliant very, um, simplistic plan, and it doesn't really require any force or anything else that goes along with it, okay? It really doesn't. And here's a simple plan outlined by a person by the name of Honorable Vicki Palladino. She's a councilwoman And, uh, well, she kind of tried to warn people about it a few months ago. Here it is. This is the plan of taking over the private housing business. Step number 1: organize the tenants to file dozens and dozens of complaints with the building department to establish a cause for investigation. Step number 2: squeeze these same landlords with massive compounding fines they will not be able to get out from under. Use rent strikes and rent control laws to limit their income, making compliance with tenant complaints financially impossible. See, this is what happens when you start to getting into rent control. Environments. And this is the thing that, you know, again, these socialists, they don't— they don't— well, I mean, in this particular case, they really do understand how this works. They don't like how it works, but this is how it works. And essentially what you do is you make it impossible for the landlord to actually do things like maintain the property. Then you take step number 3, which is using the outstanding debt that these people have with the city, resulting from all of the fines and non-compliance fines and everything else, as leverage with the mortgage and bankruptcy courts to have the buildings turned over to the city and/or designated nonprofits at essentially bargain basement fire sale type prices. Then the property, private property, is then stripped from the owners because you, you change the laws. You make the laws to where they're rent controlled, and by rent control, that basically means that, hey, we're, we're handing it over to you at less than what it costs you to actually run the place. So what ends up happening is that property owners end up losing money. They can't maintain the building. They can't update the building. They can't make a profit at all. And so what ends up happening is that compounding with all of the complaints that they get to the city and all the fines the city puts out because of the fact that the city is now saying, hey, you need to update this, you need to correct that, you need to do all this other stuff or you're going to suffer fines. Well, these homeowners or these building owners and building management places, they, they can't make any profit because they have their costs already involved in this, mostly the cost of the mortgage and the taxes on the property. And now they're having to contend with all of these fines and non-compliance fees, and now all of a sudden the property ends up going into foreclosure and gets taken by the city. See, this is how the private property is going to get stripped from the owners. Politically favored activist nonprofits will become the new land barons of New York City. Now they're going to start this— obviously small properties is where they're going to start first, and eventually they might even go to the point of going after individual homeowners who simply rent an upstairs or basement apartment. See, they'll be going after the individuals because they don't care about the individuals. They don't give a crap. And once they take over those properties, those properties are going to be essentially left to rot because the future Marxists won't give a crap either. And what's sad about this particular plan is that number one, it's— it is very simplistic. But the one thing that they need, the one thing that they need in order for this plan to work, is to get a bunch of complete utter stupid morons to do the organization. You heard me say it. Step 1: organize the tenants to file dozens and dozens of complaints with the building department. That's the start. And the problem is there's enough complete utter stupid morons out there, especially in New York City, who voted for this idiot who are all saying, hey, this is great, let's do this. Yeah, see, this is how this is going to go. Well, they've already kind of started it because they've gotten— they've gotten their Rent Guidelines Board members. And in order for some of this to happen and really actually, really actually work, is they have to get the Rent Guidelines Board members in their pocket. Well, they got rid of one just before they were slated to vote on whether to enact Mayor Maldonado's rent freeze promise. The rebuilt board was required to deliver the rent freeze in order to start this entire process. Rent Guidelines Board member Christina Smith resigned from the board again just hours before they were supposed to, uh, vote on whether or not to enact it. She called it out and she says this rebuilt board was required to deliver a rent freeze. Everything since then has been nothing but theater. Yeah, now the landlords themselves are supposed to be represented on the board, but they were outvoted, of course, leading to the resignation of that board member in disgust. See, this is what they do. This is their plan. This is how they do it. This is how they do it. So there you go. And of course, he is young, he is somewhat charismatic, and he focused on the young disaffected youth and the white middle-aged— well, I'm going to call them middle-aged— AWFLs, the affluent white, uh, liberal female urban whatever. I, I know I'm misspelling it, but anyway, I mean, here, take a look. This is, this is tailor-made for the internet generation, the TikTok generation. You know, all those idiots that are running around on TikTok thinking that TikTok is is the greatest thing. Yeah. Here you go.

[31:03] **Speaker B:** New York, the Independent Rent Guidelines Board just froze the rent. That means if you're one of the more than 2 million New Yorkers who lives in a rent-stabilized apartment, your rent's going to be frozen next year.

[31:16] **Speaker A:** Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. No, that wasn't— Notice what he said. He's like, the independent— wink wink, nod nod— the independent rent board. Yeah, uh-huh, click chick chick, yeah, chick chick, I, you know, wink wink, nod nod, yep, sure, sure. So, um There you go. And by the way, by the way, that affects close to 1 million, 1 million stabilized units. And this was after Ma'am Dani was accused of stacking the board. Yep, there you go. Oh, he's sitting there, you know, Ma'am Dani is sitting there selling fairness, affordability. And of course Unicorn Farts. But anyway, he's tapping into the resentment of the people. He's utilizing the useful idiots, the useful idiots, to create this particular situation. Yeah, by the way, in case you haven't heard, but apparently 44% of those rent-stabilized units in New York City are occupied by people who have been born outside the United States. Well, think about that for a minute. So American-born citizens are subsidizing the foreign-born to live in New York City, driving up prices, because that's what's going to happen. You have a simple— you have a a section of housing that is rent-controlled and populated only by people who essentially really couldn't afford to be living in the city in the first place, but they're there because they're being subsidized by the government and the tax dollars that are being sent. Yeah, think about that for for a minute. Rent control. Yeah, see, you have a bit of a problem here. Rent control, historically speaking, and always happens— this always happens— it leads to reducing the actual housing supply. So housing supply becomes scarce. What happens when supply drives up and demand remains the same or increases? Well, The price of everything else goes up. But in this particular case also, you have declining maintenance because you can't make any money as a property owner anymore off of those renters. And so therefore the maintenance goes down, and again, it kicks all of the 3-step plan off the whole thing. Then all of a sudden you no longer have a privatized sector in the housing market in New York City, and it becomes— anybody want to guess? Anybody want to guess? Oh, it's a favorite word utilized to describe countries. Yes, it becomes a shithole. That's what happens. Yep. And of course, that's just one part of it. I mean, keep in mind, you have all the onerous regulations. Again, going back to those, those fines and everything else that goes along. But you have all those fines and everything else that happens. You have tenant unions, you have the massive fines, you have government seizures because of the unpaid fines. And now you have a complete problem with the government-owned housing. See, here's the difference. You really want to see what works? It's not Ma'am Danny's plan, guaranteed. It's not Ma'am Danny's plan. But I keep telling people, hey, you know what, if you really want to see what actually works, what really functions Whether it's capitalism or socialism, all you need to do is look at Argentina, because Argentina was socialist. And then they got this guy elected by the name of Milei, and Milei went ahead and said, you know what, we're cutting all this stuff out. He cut and slashed a lot of the government. He got rid of a lot of government waste, fraud, and abuse. Spending went down. What happened? Their inflation rate went down. The value of their money went up. And here's an example just by itself. And we— why, why the leftists— all we have to do, seriously, here in this country, all we have to do is point to Argentina. And say, there's an example of what a good capitalist-type system can do in a short period of time. See, Milei also went and abolished rent control in Argentina, and all of the leftists were saying, oh my gosh, this is going to be a household collapse! Housing is going to be horrible! It's an apocalypse of housing!

[37:11] **Speaker B:** Ahh!

[37:12] **Speaker A:** You know, whatever. Well, guess what? The opposite actually happened. Private housing flooded the market suddenly. Massive drops in rent prices and exploding and expanded supply. And all of that was even before any new housing could be built itself. Now look, if you get into a conversation with a leftist lunatic moron, okay, a leftist lunatic moron, you need to understand that when they talk about affordable housing, they actually are talking about government-owned and subsidized housing. They want to control you. They want to control every aspect. Remember Gavin Newsom was saying, yeah, we need more control, we need to pack the court, we need to own everything. That's what they're after. That's what they're after. Oh, Mam Danny. Mam Danny, of course, continues. He's created some initiatives in New York City, and he's spending money that he literally does not have. Imam Danny. Now, I actually— I kind of find this amazing, to be honest with you, because knowing who he is as a Muslim, how he's even backing this play is kind of interesting to me. But here, New York City pours $15 million into sex change initiatives. That is right, $15 million into sex change initiatives. He is doing this, by the way, he is doing this because he is accusing the federal government itself of intimidation. Now, this package that he has put together includes a subsidized sex change fund for both children and adults, as well as a hormone pilot program that is supposed to happen at a Queens clinic. This proposal is a multi-million dollar package that's going to establish Direct Care Access Fund to subsidize providers who offer sex change procedures for children and launch a dedicated call and text line, as well as fund research into LGBTQ+ divided by sine ampersand, uh, upper caret, uh, parentheses healthcare access. Additionally, he's proposing that the health city's health department will launch a pilot program later this year at a Queens clinic to offer gender-affirming hormone therapy to adults at no or low cost, regardless of immigration status. Yeah. See, according to Mamdani, he says that the federal government is attempting to intimidate patients, families, and providers, claiming that the city itself, New York City, is stepping up and will do everything in its power to defend the procedures. The mayor has actually directed the city's law department to prepare for potential litigation to fight any, any federal efforts to restrict sex changes for children and adults. Now, the top city officials— and this is part of the problem— the top city officials went ahead and echoed Ma'am Danny's rhetoric, including the Deputy Mayor for Economic Justice, who said that the federal government's actions were dehumanization of transgender people. And it's not just cruel, it's dangerous. So here's the thing, people, and I'm just going to play it out for you very simply. As far as I am concerned, the state and the city, constitutionally speaking, hey, you know what, go ahead and do that, go for it, there's nothing stopping you. My problem is with the federal government funding it. And if you don't want this kind of place or kind of thing to happen in your city or your state, you'll vote against it. Or you'll vote against this— the idiots that are trying to put it into place. I mean, that's just the way that our system of government is supposed to work. And if you want to do this at a city level, go ahead. I don't care. Go ahead. You want to create a city that is full of nothing but transgender folks? Go for it. Please take the 2% or 3% of the American population and put them all into one city, as far as I'm concerned. Go for it. I'm fine with that. Honestly, it'll make things easier. But the fact of the matter is, is that you don't need Americans, other Americans, funding this kind of crap. So go ahead, go ahead. Now what's really scary about all this, honestly, is that despite the fact that they're planning on spending $15 million on this program, some of the city officials are actually saying that the $15 million isn't enough. That's right. With the New York City Council being projected to receive an additional $2 billion in tax revenue over the current and upcoming fiscal years, one of the council members, Tiffany Caban, is pressuring the city to actually increase that sex change budget to $60 million instead of $15 million. She says, we've got money for 500 more cops in the executive budget, but we don't have money for healthcare and trans kids. I want to point something out, folks. See, the basis of our country, the basis of America, was government is a necessary evil, meaning that government should be constrained and restrained to only do what is the smallest amount necessary. And contrary to popular belief, things like healthcare, gender transition surgeries, all of that crap is none of the federal government's responsibility. None of it. Police officers, however, street building, bridge building. You could even go so far as to say public transportation. All of those things would be considered government entity requirements. This thing about healthcare, it's not, it's not anybody's business. You shouldn't— the government shouldn't even be a part of it. Now, that being said, State government and local governments do have the ability because they do not have a constitution necessarily— well, the state does, but a constitution that would necessarily preclude them from that like the federal government does. But anyway, they also have the city budget director, Sharif Solomon, who has also signaled the desire to expand that program, calling the $15 million allocation a simply a start and expressing hopes to fund more money toward the initiatives within the city's fiscal limits. I'd like to know where they're going to get that money. I'd like to know where they're going to get that money. Well, Ma'am Danni's not done. No, he is not. You remember that TPS status thing that came down? Do you remember the conversations that we've had on this program where I've outlined and explained that there are a series of court cases, that there is, uh, you know, precedent and history within the law that the law itself and even the Constitution itself basically says immigration— and you can even go all the way back to the Federalist Papers— the whole purpose of the federal government creating immigration and naturalization rules and regulations was because of the fact that the founders didn't want any of the states to go through and like create their own rules and regulations as to bringing people from foreign lands in. There had to be one consistent, one standard across the board, and that's what they were looking for. And so that's why when they created the federal government as a part of the Constitution, that the federal government had full control over immigration and naturalization. And it has been that way for the 200-plus years that we've been on this planet. That the country of America, United States of America, has been on this planet. Well, until somebody can correct these idiots— because let me tell you, you have these sanctuary cities like Minneapolis, like Chicago, like Seattle, like LA, you have these sanctuary states like Minnesota, like California, like New York. And so Mamdani himself, he is basically saying, you know what, and he's not— and he's not saying— he's saying the quiet part out loud. And this is how emboldened these idiots are because of this, this, uh, result in New York City for all of these Democrat socialists of America folks. That have come on board. He is basically— Mamdani is basically sitting there saying, guess what, that whole TPS Supreme Court decision that came down that basically said the federal government can shut down the TPS at any time for any reason, no requirement, regulations, nothing. Yeah, he pretty much has already said publicly I'm not going to listen to that anymore. Take a listen.

[49:32] **Speaker B:** More than 3 million of us were born elsewhere. I'm one of them. We're a city that's proud of our immigrant heritage. And when we think about especially what Haitian New Yorkers have had to deal with, not just for weeks or months or years, but frankly for decades, we have seen a cruelty that has become normalized. And to have people who frankly taught the world about freedom have their own freedom be put in jeopardy by the actions of a Supreme Court and a federal administration, it is not only cruel, it's something that we will not ever accept. And so we stand here as New Yorkers proud of standing in solidarity and proud to do everything that we can to keep people in their homes and to keep people together.

[50:14] **Speaker A:** Yeah. So he is not going to do anything. He is not going to do anything with regards to that ruling. He's not going to support immigration law. Now granted, New York City has already been a sanctuary city, so, you know, um, but he is basically saying the quiet part out loud. We refuse to follow the rule of law. Bonnie points out, she says, at least we know he cannot run for president. Are you sure about that, Bonnie? Are you sure? I think we've already had a president who is questionable about it. I still— I still— nobody has seen, has actually seen the actual birth certificate in public for Obama. And there's plenty of evidence that shows that he played on the idea that he was a foreign-born immigrant in Kenya. So yeah, anyway, alright, well, despite all of the Democrat party idiots who are sitting there, like Dan Goldman, who got primaried out of New York. He's on his last legs. Boy, he was a stupid idiot to jump in behind them, because all because of the fact that he happened to, um, support Israel and Israel's right to exist. Um, the one sane-sounding voice comes from the guy who basically had his head bashed in some way. Yeah, John Fetterman. Again, the John Fetterman actually, uh, even mentioned this months ago. He literally is, uh, he's, he's one of those people where I, you know, I spoke the truth a long time ago. He said, I said months ago, I said the Democrat Party is becoming an orgy of socialism. These recent elections vindicate my description, he told the New York Post. After the Democrat Socialists of America's party triumphed in 3 New York House primary races and rocked the party's establishment. And don't forget, Hakeem Jeffries was on the television and they were sitting there, all of those affluent white— what is it, awful, A-A-W, AWFULs, I think, affluent white female urban liberal, urban leftists, whatever you want to call them, those awfuls were all standing there and saying, you're next, you're next, you're next. Yeah, anyway, Fetterman of course is, uh, he's, he's sounding like the sane one in this entire party. He also mentioned the Daniela Zavala Chavaller, however it's pronounced, who knocked off the incumbent Adriano Espelat. He called her, the 32-year-old doctoral student, he called her deeply disturbed. He said, and I quote, Chevalier described America as a effing disgrace. She posted, I, uh, eff Kamala Harris, and posted that she forgot napkins and wiped her hands on the American flag. She wants to abolish the border, abolish prisons. This is a deeply disturbed individual. P Hustle and Chevalier. He's talking about, uh, uh, Graham Plattner. She goes, the dirtbag left's new power couple. Yeah, this guy. Oh, I'm telling you. Yeah. Oh, and by the way, Fetterman— Hakeem Jeffries is from New York. He is a Democrat from New York. I don't know if his, if his district is in city or in the state, but he is there in New York. He's got a district somewhere in New York. And don't forget too, they got Schumer. Schumer, who, uh, very well could be on the chopping block as soon as he comes up, because don't forget AOC, if she doesn't run for president, AOC might be looking for, um, you know, to knock him off of his pedestal. So his time in office might be, shall we say, on borrowed time. Anyway, to get back to Fetterman, Fetterman vowed that if Plattner can prove that he didn't send quote-unquote dick pics to minors, that he would ditch his signature hoodie look. Now, considering the man always shows up in a hoodie and shorts, and that they had to relax the dress code in the Senate just for him. Yeah, I would say he knows something that we may not. Yeah, anyway, folks, this is crazy when you have a Democrat— and by the way, he, he says Clearly, he's like, well, you know what, I am not ready to abandon the party yet. He's like, I am not going to switch parties just yet, although I can tell you he's getting awfully close to being more of a moderate Republican than a leftist Democrat. I'm just saying. David, David over on Facebook. Zoran the moron at his finest in New York City. Yeah, no kidding. Well, you remember when I first started all of this, I said that there would be indications that maybe there are some in the Democrat Party who are like shocked at the— that this severe leftist turn in all of this, okay. Apparently there's this, uh, project, there's an initiative that is running around that is gaining some steam, I guess, that is talking about, hey folks, Democrats, we need to be more centrist. We are getting way too far left. There are 13 Democrats who have signed this initiative. The initiative is called The Promise to America. Now here, take a look at this. This is thepromisetoamerica.com is where you can go for this. Thepromisetoamerica.com to check this out. But here, take a look at this Promise to America. Says, America is stronger than our politics. Politics forces false choices between extremes on right and left. We reject them. Too many Americans have not benefited from the last half century of economic growth. America wants an economy— they've misspelled Americans want a, an economy that lowers costs, expands opportunity, rewards the people who work hard every day. Okay, well, just that statement alone, all I gotta do is tell you folks, that's capitalism. That is capitalism and small government, which is what the Republicans work for all the time. That right there, that statement, Americans want an economy that lower costs, expands opportunity, and rewards the people who work hard every day. What the hell do you think the merit-based capitalist system with limited government comes from? They continue, they say Americans want safe communities and institutions that solve problems. Yeah, again, sounds like the Republican platform. We believe in building more to lower costs and expand opportunity. Again, capitalism, free markets, less government regulation, less government interference in people's lives. Small government. Yeah. Anyway, they continue here and they say, well, we believe in building more to lower costs and expand opportunity. We believe Democrats succeed when we speak to the whole country and value persuasion over purity. And then they say, we the undersigned make this promise to America. This is their promise: We are capitalist, not socialist. We believe in a growing, fair, competitive economy that rewards hard work, innovation, entrepreneurship, and ownership. Full-time work should make it possible to own a home, raise a family, afford healthcare, and retire with dignity. Economic permitting and tax policies should expand opportunity and lower costs for workers. See, that's where things are messed up. See, being a capitalist— the capitalist goes with free markets, goes against the idea of government-owned anything, government interference, those kinds of things. See, this is part of the problem. Even middle-of-the-road Democrats don't even understand what the real engine, the real economic engine that would gain us and push us toward prosperity is no taxes. That you need to lower taxes, lower regulation, lower government interference, get government out of the business world. You open up the engine, you put, you put your pedal on the floor, and the gasoline hits the internal combustion engine, and next thing you know, boom, we're going 100 miles an hour. But see, that's the problem. They're saying economic permitting and tax policy. In other words, we need more government intervention, which is socialists. So they're not, they're not, they're, they're not even dealing with this. They go, we believe— here's another piece— we believe Americans deserve secure borders, safe communities, honest government, and an orderly immigration system that predicts or that protects the country strengthens the economy, and treats people with dignity. You mean like the current laws that Joe Biden neglected, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fiscal discipline. We are responsible, not reckless. Bullcrap. They say a generation has passed since our party had balanced the budget. They're talking about Clinton there. We will prioritize tackling the national debt honestly. We must pay our bills and not leave our children in debt. Well, get rid of all of your social-ass programs. Go back to what the Constitution requires you, not what you wish but what the Constitution minimally requires, and I guarantee you the rest will take care of itself. They said, we believe that government should solve problems, not create them. Really? Okay. They say public institutions should be competent, accountable, easier to navigate, capable of building, innovating, and delivering results. Government cannot do any of those things. Government never has been able to do those things. Huh. Yeah, they even put down on the bottom, we are proud, not ashamed of America. I have yet to meet a Democrat who can look at the American flag, the Stars and Stripes, and not be pissed. Yeah, you're a bunch of bullshit. You're bullshitting people. Oh, and by the way, you want to know who's already signed it? Well, here they are. I don't know about any of these people, but here you go. Here's who they are: Adam Gray out of California, Tom Sozzi out of New York, Lara Gillen out of New York, Don Davis from North Carolina. Jessica Killen from Colorado. Kristen McDonald-Rivet out of, uh, looks like Michigan. Josh Gottheimer out of New Jersey. Jamie Aguirre out of North Carolina. Bobby Pulido, I guess, P-U-L-I-D-O, Pulido out of Texas. Marlene Gallen Woods out of Arizona, Paul Barringer, or Barringer, out of North Carolina, Maggie Goodlander out of New Hampshire, Janelle Bynum from Oregon, Vincente Gonzalez out of Texas, and Susie Lee out of Nevada. Those are the ones Yeah, those are the ones that are here. Yeah, they signed it. They signed that they want to actually be a part of— because if they actually followed everything that was in there, they would be Republicans anyway. Just saying. I'm just saying. Well, Gavin Newsom is starting to feel the heat, and he's starting to realize that, well, you know what, I may have made a mistake. And so in the interest of trying to save my burning down political career, I am now going to backpedal on something that I was pushing for. Yeah, you remember on his podcast I showed you the video last night where he basically said, hey, we need to take more control, we need to be in more control, we need to take more control. Yeah, well, now apparently the governor who was all for this billionaire tax for California The billionaire tax, which basically was a one-time tax, a one-time 5% tax levy on any California resident worth more than a billion dollars, and that, that would retroactively apply to all billionaire California residents who lived within the state as of January 1st, 2026. So if you didn't leave in December of 2025, by the end of December in 2025, yeah, you're still going to get taxed even if you move out before the tax goes into effect. That's part of the problem. Well, Gavin Newsom was like, oh heck yeah, I need this! Except there's only one problem, um He is now saying, uh, you know what, we don't, um, we don't need this here in the state. He's now come out strongly against the tax because he's starting to realize that, hey, billionaires who are above $1 billion, guess what, they have the money, they have the resources, they have the ability to Basically what they have is— kids, cover your ears here— they basically have fuck-off money. And they're like, you know what, we don't need to live in California anymore. And they say bye-bye and they take off. And he's starting to realize that, holy crap, I'm not gonna have any billionaires left in this state. Yeah. You know, something like just about any sane person was saying. Yeah, yeah. Now he's come out strongly against the California tax, and he's now jumped on the bandwagon by saying that, hey, you know what, billionaires will just simply up and leave the state and go to places like, oh, I don't know, Texas and Florida. Wait, wait, Texas and Florida. Hmm, what do those two states have in common? Low tax, or significantly non-existent taxes. Gee. And not to mention the fact a political position that is favorable to businesses.

[69:35] **Speaker B:** Wow.

[69:35] **Speaker A:** So apparently Newsom wrote a lengthy Substack post. For those of you that don't know what Substack is, it is essentially where people can go and become the writer that they think they want to be for free in a lot of cases. Anyway, in a lengthy Substack post, Newsom said, last night it became certain that the wealth tax would be placed on the November ballot in California. I'm voting no. Wait, what? He says, you may not be able to pick up and move to Texas or Florida to shelter your income from taxation, but I promise you that billionaires can and do. He writes, wealth is movable. And it shops for the state with the lowest taxes. Oh my God, Newsom all of a sudden became an intelligent human being. Holy crap, he actually said the truth. Now keep in mind, California has already lost prominent business figures such as Elon Musk went to Texas. Google co-founder Larry Page, Oracle founder Larry Ellison. Yeah, that's just 3. Earlier this year, Silicon Valley tech entrepreneur Allison Hunya predicted in an interview with Fox News Digital that the tax would cause a mass migration, starting with not just billionaires But the people who are investing in new ideas, new infrastructure, whether it's AI, healthcare, tech, robotics— think about this. I may not be a billionaire today. I may not be worth more than $1 billion today in California, provided that I lived in California. Thank God I don't. But I may not be worth $1 billion today, but if I have a fantastic idea that I am betting on that I think is going to be the next big thing, the next viral thing, and is likely to launch me into to billionaire-plus status, guess what? If I'm smart, which I should be, if I'm looking at a brand new idea that is going to launch me into billionaire status, I'm going to sit there and say, you know what, maybe I don't want to be here when that history-making, at least for me, situation pops up. And I'm just gonna say, you know what, I think I'll do my entrepreneurialship elsewhere because I don't want to become a billionaire and be subject to this one-time 5% wealth tax on things like unrealized gains from stuff that I may quote-unquote own but haven't earned money off of. Which is exactly what the billionaire tax is all about. See, they don't care about the income that the billionaires make, because Elon Musk being a trillionaire, you don't think he's running around with a trillion dollars in gold or a trillion dollars in dollars, do you? No, that is what his, uh, companies that he owns stock in are worth. And what that's called is unrealized gains, because the stock market— he could be a trillionaire today and a billionaire tomorrow, or a millionaire 2 days from now. If all of a sudden SpaceX and Tesla and X stock all just went and just went and crashed, he would have had that 5% tax taken at its peak. And he would not get it back. The government's not going to give it back. Seriously, do you really think so? The government doesn't care. They're like, hey, pay me, pay me, pay me. When it comes to getting a refund or, or, uh, you know, paying something back, it takes forever because they hate to let go of money. Yeah. Yep. Now, Alison Hanya likened the proposed tax hike to a restaurant that is about to go out of business. See, because restaurants that are about to go out of business, what do they do? Just like anybody else, instead of lowering their prices and trying to capitalize on sheer volume, In other words, don't up your percentage, but up your actual revenue dollars that are coming in. Again, that's what happens every time you lower taxes on the government. You will receive greater revenues. It's a fact that happens every single time you lower the overall percentage of taxes and you gain a crap ton in revenue. Why do you think we sit here, we talk about this all the time? It's like, hey, you want to gain 10% of taxes, or do you want to gain the equivalent of 5% of taxes but 5% of a larger sum of money? You're gonna gain a big bunch of revenue, folks. Anyway, as I was saying, instead of lowering the prices— this is Hanye— Hanya. Instead of lowering the price, they increase the price. And then when you go into the restaurant and it's like $50 for a bowl of really bad dumplings— I don't know where these people, these economics majors, get their economics degree, but I can sell one widget on $100 at a 30% profit, or I can sell 1,000 widgets at $2 at a 5% profit. Which one do you think I'm gonna end up walking away with more money in my pocket? Do that one, mathematical people. See, this is the part that people like Bernie Sanders and AOC— AOC, who's supposed to be an economics, uh, graduate. Yeah, anyway. However, let's keep in mind that Gavin Newsom is only doing this because he wants to save face with his disastrous state. Policies, because he immediately turns around and says, well, you know what, California doesn't need that billionaires tax, but guess who does? Oh yes, the federal government needs it. Now let's not do it in California, but let's do it everywhere. Let's do it all over the country, because that's really going to make a difference. Yeah, think about this for a second. Your billionaires are leaving your state because of this billionaire tax. Where do you think these billionaires are gonna go if the federal government, i.e., the country, institutes the same billionaire tax? What was it that you said when you were advocating to vote no on it? Oh, that billionaires can just pick up and move all of their shit.

[77:42] **Speaker B:** Elsewhere.

[77:43] **Speaker A:** Where do you think they're gonna go? They're gonna take off out of the country. They're gonna go places where their money is actually gonna be worth more. They're gonna go to places like, oh, I don't know, Cancún— sorry, the Cayman Islands is what I was thinking of. Anyway, yeah, yeah. So in his post In his Substack post, he argued that the fight to make the wealthiest Americans pay more in taxes is not one that we should be fighting state by state. He said the fight belongs at the federal level, where the broken system was created in the first place. Really? He also put in an ex-post, he says The system is fundamentally broken. The federal tax code, corporate code, inheritance code were written for a different set of Americans. It's time for an economic reset. Yeah. Yep. Oh, and by the way, Newsom said that he felt vindicated in opposing the proposed wealth tax after reports showed that some of California's wealthiest residents moving money and businesses out of state. Warning that the measure would damage the economy and drive away investment. You think? Oh my gosh. He said in a Politico interview on Monday, he goes, this is my fear. It's just what I warned against. It's happening. He goes, the evidence is in. The impacts are very real, not just substantive or substantive economic impacts in terms of the revenue, but startups, the indirect impacts of people questioning long-term commitments, medium-term commitments, he continued. That's not what we need right now at a time of so much uncertainty. Quite, quite the contrary. Yeah, right. Yep, folks, these people don't care. They just know they don't give a crap one bit about it. And what's sad is the Democrat Party internally is starting to realize that, wait a minute, maybe we overextended ourselves. But an even worse piece out of all of this is the fact that the right The right more often than not says, oh, that's just Democrats being Democrats and it'll go away soon. When the Democrats start losing, it'll go away. No, it won't. See, these assholes like Mamdani, like Ilhan Omar, like all of these others that are in Congress and everywhere else that keep getting elected, are getting elected Because people are stupid. Do you know what the incumbency rate is for a, a, uh, uh, House of Representatives person? It's almost 80 to 90%. And here's why: because people get stupid. They vote the person in And then they continue to vote the person in because they don't bother to look into that individual's job performance once they get into the office. Why do you think AOC still has a freaking job? I mean, how many times has she said completely stupid off-the-cuff remarks? And what do they do? Well, they vote her in because they figure, what the hell, she's the only one that I know. Maybe it's better to vote in the devil that we know than the devil that we don't. See, this is the problem with today's— with today's, um, voting. Today's politics, nobody wants to get involved, nobody wants to be a part of these politics. And so what happens? You have radical people, radical idiots get in and then start changing the laws and essentially change the culture of the country. And we're at that point right now. We're at that point. Because people are basically voting these people in for— ideally, I don't know, maybe a difference, a change. I have no idea why they're voting these people in. I guarantee you it's not me. It wouldn't be me if I lived over there because I actually pay attention to politics for the most part. I won't say everything, but for the most part. If the Republicans are not smart here, if Republicans are not smart, they are going to end up losing the government to the leftist moron lunatics. So what's going to happen? We're going to allow it to happen because we the voters are apparently too busy at our jobs, too interested in the latest, uh, Kardashian dress or, you know, whatever on reality TV to actually pay attention to what is really important, which is our politics and our religion and our culture. We're going to lose all of that, and it's already started. We are starting on the downhill slope. And people don't seem to understand this. It's happening right now, every day. See, we, you know, people sit here and they look at New York because this is highly publicized about the 3 socialists that happened in New York, but this is happening everywhere. Look at Seattle. Self-described socialist Katie Wilson elected mayor in 2025. She's never held a job. Los Angeles, DSA-backed incumbents secured reelections handily. Nithya Raman, who is a— just absolutely, if you think Karen Bass was bad, man, this lady, holy crap, she advanced to the LA mayoral runoff. Washington, D.C., they have a DSA-aligned Janice Lewis George. She won the Democrat primary for mayor. Aparna Raj captured Ward 1's council seat in D.C. The candidates are young, they're highly educated— meaning they're highly indoctrinated— ideologically extreme— thanks to that indoctrination— and lack in any real-world governing or private sector experience. Yet they know how to run a TikTok reel. They know how to run social media, and that's what they do. By the way, some of these people like Katie Wilson are actually from very rich families, and yet they claim that they represent the actual working-class Americans. Yeah, this is a problem. This is a serious problem. This is a very serious problem. And if you think this is, you know, something that's going to go away, it's not. It's not going to go away anytime soon. It's going to get worse before it gets better unless we can stand up and block these people from getting general elections and get these people out of office. Seriously, get these people out of office. And if you think that it's not happening to the leftists either, let me just tell you, here's an example of a leftist Wikipedia. I always laugh whenever I see a leftist go and, you know, attack me on social media or post some Wikipedia post and be like, see, see, there's the proof. I hate to tell you this, people. No, I don't. I don't hate to tell you this at all. Wikipedia is not considered to be a reliable proper source of information. Now Wikipedia by itself is mostly leftist, but here's even something even worse. One of the co-founders— I don't know if you saw this, but here in Breitbart, one of the co-founders by the name of Larry Sanger He gets banned from Wikipedia. Why? Because he essentially says, hey, uh, we need intellectual diversity. In other words, we need to have more people representing more perspectives, more viewpoints, in order to get actual factual information. That's what he says, and they went and banned him indefinitely. One of the Wikipedia editors called this a show trial. See, Sanger was trying to form a group on the site that would advocate for policy reforms that promote Intellectual diversity. I thought the leftists were all about diversity. I thought the leftists were all about inclusion of everybody, that everybody was okay. We all know that's a lie. We all know that's a lie, and it keeps getting shown to us by the actions every single day. If you don't agree with a leftist They don't like you. They don't want you in their group. They don't want to hear what you have to say. They hate you. For them, it's either mimic my ideas, which is why you have these, these echo chambers like X used to be when it was Twitter and now Bluesky, these echo chambers of thought. And they think that, oh, these are, these are absolutely great. This is so provocative and innovative and progressive to think this way. No, what's progressive, innovative, and provocative is to have all aspects represented, and then you choose the best one and you go from there. Telling you folks, we're in for a very, very rough ride, and this is just the start. Alrighty folks, that is it for me for this evening. Do me a favor, if you haven't already, head on over to rumble.com, get yourself an account, it is free. And once you are signed up and signed in, make sure that you search up the American Perspective channel and hit that green follow button to get notified every time that I go live. Also too, don't forget to give me a thumbs up, thumbs down, or in the case of 3Chevy, a thumb sideways or at an angle across all of my platforms, whether it's X, YouTube, Facebook, or of course the aforementioned Rumble. Have a great rest of your weekend. We will see you Monday right here on American Perspective, 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM Eastern time. Have a great rest of your weekend like I already said, and good night everybody. The previous broadcast was produced and is owned by Active Eye Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
