# Ep.36  Chad Bianco could sink CA Republican primary chances

**Show:** Just Kira Davis on The Orange Report
**Date Published:** 2026-06-01
**Date Found:** 2026-06-02
**URL:** https://www.listennotes.com/e/eab1f18358134c9fb02bea9778b8d96e/
**Search Target:** Nithya Raman (mentioned)
**Duration:** 65 minutes

## Summary

This 65-minute episode of Just Kira Davis on The Orange Report mentions Nithya Raman.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Nithya Raman, Just Kira Davis on The Orange Report

## Key Moment

> "Welcome to another episode of The Orange Report with Kira Davis. I am your host, Kira Davis, bringing you all the news and views you can use from around California, Orange County, and America, because California news is Orange County news. It's fine. Let's just keep going. Um, as I was saying, we lost my mother. If it feels like it's a little confused this morning, it is because we lost my mother-in-law this past week and we're all just sort of reeling and trying to get back into go mode. Um, but I just wanted to remember my mother-in-law Faith Davis this morning. And, uh, she was a wonderful woman. Um, a wonderful mother-in-law, the best. Mother-in-law I think a wife could ask for and, um, was very dearly loved by her family and her husband of 65 years, Victor. So you can pray for, um, my father-in-law Victor. You can pray for our family. We are going to have a memorial in a couple of weeks, and we're doing it in a couple of different places because they were snowbirds. They transplanted out west, um, from the Midwest. And so we're going to make sure everybody has, the opportunity to remember her and memorialize her. And, um, I just want to say that she's an example, I think, of what a mother-in-law should be, and that is embracing and open and understanding that when your child leaves the nest, they're, they're going to their own family. They're, they're not necessarily adding to yours, but they are starting their own. And if you have open heart and open mind, you You can add a new family, and that's how she was for me when we first married. I remember she told me, 'cause I lived right down the street from her, I mean, on the other side of the block. And she said, "Look, this is, I want you to know this is your family now. This is your home, this is your husband, and I'm gonna respect that. I'm not just gonna drop by or, you know, or just be out of pocket with you. I want you to know that this is your home, and I'm gonna respect that." And she always did. But she was always there for advice and comfort and encouragement. She taught me a lot about being a wife. I didn't really have an example growing up, um, you know, I'm a child of divorce and, um, uh, abusive childhood, and, uh, I didn't really have those examples. I was not raised in a Christian home, and she taught me the value of, of keeping a home, of staying home for your children. Um, she always encouraged me to do that, and I'm so glad she encouraged me to do that because other people in my life were not encouraging me to do that. And she always said that this is the biggest blessing that you could ever have, is to be a mom, and, um, you have to take that seriously. And so I, I will miss her. Today is not our memorial show. Maybe I'll do something on my Substack just to have a place to talk about her because she was a wonderful woman and Gonna miss her very much. I miss her very much already. But we have some other business to get to today, and she would want us to get about our business. She is doing kingdom business right now. She's not— she's not sad. She's not wanting for anything anymore, and she's not missing anyone anymore. She is doing kingdom business. So let's do our earthly business today. We— this is primary election eve, everybody. June 1st in California.. And, um, we are— I mean, I guess it's June 1st everywhere, but in California our primaries are tomorrow. And I know you've been hearing about them because it's all anyone is talking about these days. Now granted, I have been off the grid for about the last week as we go through this process of grief, so there's a lot of news that has escaped me. Please bear with me. Even you saw we were like a little bit jittery getting online this morning. We're just getting things back together. So if it seems like I'm— I've got some gaps in my, um, in my news knowledge, you know, my current news knowledge, that's just because I've been grieving this week. So, uh, again, just I'll take your grace if you would offer that. But I know that you have been hearing about the California elections, and tomorrow night is going to be a big night for us. We have got The two big races everyone is looking at is the race for governor and the race for LA mayor with Spencer Pratt. And I want to talk first, we're going to— Herb Morgan is running on the Golden Ticket here in California. That's Steve Hilton's ticket. And he's going to join us at 10:30 to— he's, he's got 20 minutes for us. Herb is doing all the last minute um, campaigning. Herb is running for State Controller. I've talked about that office a lot. I also had Stacy Coorsgarden on. She is running for Insurance Commissioner. And I wanted to have those two on specifically because they are offices that a lot of people don't think about, they don't know about. And I'm going to be totally honest with you, until this election cycle, I barely paid attention to those offices. And you know what made me pay attention to them? Steve's golden ticket. Which I think is rather brilliant. The idea that no, we need to send a team to Sacramento. We need to run as a team, just the way that Trump ran that coalition. Steve thought a coalition would be great for California. I think it's been a fantastic way to get out the vote for all of these offices because Californians are lazy voters. Even the conservative voters often are lazy and will come out for big things. Big-ticket items, you know, like voter ID or the gas tax or governor. But a lot of people will skip those other offices on the ballot, or they will just pick a name that they've heard before. They won't do any research. I want to reiterate this. I say this often. I want to say it again. Your ballot is not a multiple-choice questionnaire. You can skip any of the offices that you like. You can skip any of the questions that you like. You don't have to choose if you don't know the office. I guess I had a lot of grief. I put this on X, and then people were like, oh, Kira, why don't you tell people to educate themselves? Well, duh, obviously you should educate yourself, but a lot of people don't. And I'm not— I, I don't think that one social media post is going to change a person's entire lifestyle, but a lot of people might feel like, oh, okay, I actually don't have to fill all of these things out, and I can just skip it, because every— you It's such a chaos— chaotic disruptor for people to just choose who they're voting for, for based on a name. During COVID when we had elections, we, we vote for a lot of judges, and there were people who were voting just by name recognition. And it turns out some of those judges won their races by a dozen votes, two dozen votes, less than 100 votes. I heard of one uh, one race, I think it was in South Carolina, where a judge won by 2 votes. So, and as it turned out, some of those judges were the very ones who were ruling to keep the schools closed, uh, ruling for mask mandates, vax mandates, all of that stuff. So there were conservatives voting for those people because they were being lazy voters. They just were like, I gotta pick someone, this looks like a good name. There are people out there who do all the research on judges and all of that stuff. You can go look that up. But if you don't know, just don't vote for that name. Just skip over it. That's fine. That's fine. If all you want to vote for is governor, governor, I encourage you to vote all the way down the ticket. You should. But if all you're going to vote for is governor, then don't feel like you have to fill out the rest of the ticket just because you think you're going to lose points or something. You don't lose any points. So don't fill out an office that you're not sure of. In California, that's not helpful. It's not helpful. And you, a lot of times you could be voting because we don't have the names. You know, these are nonpartisan elections. We don't have the letters after the names in a lot of these cases. So it's not enough just to say like, I like this name. But Steve Hilton is, we, It's getting tight, it's getting tight. And, um, there are 3 at the top here in the polling. That's, uh, Javier Becerra— I also want to say Xavier— José Becerra, uh, Tom Steyer, who has just bought himself into the top 3. It's just incredible. It just goes to show you money does make a difference. It doesn't make the ultimate difference, I don't think, but it does make a difference. And then there's Steve Hilton. Now Steve's been consistently in the top 2 since this all started. And yesterday the poll came— a poll came out, an Emerson poll, final Emerson poll, had him sitting tied with Steyer basically for third, just a little bit below Steyer. I actually think— don't think that that's the purest poll, but I think it's, it's the best poll you're going to get from Emerson at this point. There's— it's not worth polling anymore. And you have to understand that polls take days and sometimes weeks, a week or more to tabulate. And so that polling is not based— and this race has been changing day to day, and that polling is not based on the changes that have been happening day to day in the news cycle in California. So it's— there's about a week lag on that poll. So it might be a little bit different. Steve might have popped back into that top 2. And of course, these are just polls. Polls are not votes. We understand this. But let's talk about this for a minute, because the Bianco crowd is out there Or, and Bianco himself, Sheriff Bianco, they are saying you can't believe the polls at all, that the polls are, um, that they are inaccurate. And somebody posted this morning, um, oh yeah, I, I believe these polls about as much as I believe this poll. And they posted a picture of Hillary and Trump from 2016, where one of the polls said she has a 91% chance of winning. And look, dude, I get it. Like, I get it. I don't fully believe the polls either. There's a lot of shenanigans and there's a lot of different factors in the polling. But I don't think it behooves us to point to a 10-year-old polling failure. We've come a long way since then. In a race from 2016. And anyway, you guys hate Trump because he endorsed Steve. This is the other thing that I don't understand about the Bianco crowd. Um, I think it's a cult at this point. I will say that I've held my fire, uh, about how I feel personally about all of this because I have a lot of friends who are Bianco voters. I don't think those friends are stupid, but I do think that they are misinformed. I really do. And I think that what— the same thing again, this is why right, left, Republican, Democrat, conservative, liberal— if you're not curious, it doesn't matter what your politics are, right? Right-wingers can be just as incurious and silly and stupid as left-wingers. The whole thing that's supposed to make us different is that we're more curious. But there are a lot of people on our side who aren't curious. They really just want to be like the, like the far left is. They just want to pick up an issue, pick a candidate, and then they will hang on to it with cult-like fanaticism. And that's who Bianco has turned out to be here in California. He's got this very hard-right base. I think it's very small, actually. I think it's a lot smaller than we even think. Especially these days. But, um, just the way that left-wingers will only watch CNN, M-Snow, or whatever they're calling themselves these days, and then, or just read the headlines on X and then call that the news, let that inform all their opinions. That's what Bianco voters are doing. They're, um, you know, I had a friend say the other day, I just find there's something unsettling about Steve Hilton. I just, there's something off about him. And I said, I, I said, yeah, I, I, I guess if all you were seeing about him was what's coming out of the Bianco camp, yeah, you would have questions about him. And that's of course what's been happening. And that's what the left does too. You know, it's, it's so funny. I was talking to my, uh, well, a family member the other day, and we were talking about— I texted about this Trump account because she has a young child at home. And I said, um, Hey, download the Trump Account app. Trump Accounts launched on July 4th. They match up to $5,000 a year in, um, investment— in investments. And every kid in America under the age of 18 is eligible for this. So kind of free money, seems like a great idea. If I had kids under 18, I'd be enrolling. And her response was twofold. One, she had never heard of it. She had never, she had never heard of it before, even though Trump's been talking about it for a year. It's been being covered for a year. Um, there was multiple stories even in the left-wing media when the Dells came out. Susan and— is it Robert Dell, um, or Bob Dell— came out and said, we're going to fund these Trump accounts, I think for 15 years or something, is pouring billions of personal dollars into it. We're gonna fund this. And it was a big deal, and even the left-wing media had stuff to say about it. But because her sources are so limited, she had not heard about it. And then the other response was, I don't know if I want to do this. How do I know he's just not going to take off with my money? He being Trump. And I realized that, you know, this is somebody who's completely siloed. They only have a small amount of information, and that informs everything else. And so even though there was this great opportunity, this person could only look at it with suspicion because they, they aren't curious enough to get the full spectrum. So they didn't even know that this was happening. And this is like a really big deal. That's a— it's a pretty big deal. And by the way, this isn't a stupid person. They didn't know that it wasn't happening, not because they're dumb, but because they have limited avenues of information coming in. And that's how I feel about the Bianco crowd. They have limited avenues. They've made themselves the left wing of the GOP, in my estimation. And they call themselves the most conservative, um, and the most right wing and the most principled. But yet the two of the biggest heroes in the conservative movement, Donald Trump and Charlie Kirk, have endorsed Steve Hilton. And the Bianco crowd are still like, Steve is a Democrat plant. Or I— listen, when Democrats lost everything in 2024 and they started talking about fascists and Nazis and all that stuff, Epstein and pedophiles, what did we say? We said that's projection. That's whatever they're accusing you of, that's what they're doing. And when they're doing it with such gusto, that is because They, they are projecting what's going on on their side of the fence, what's going on in their minds. They are projecting it onto you. Sometimes it's deliberate, right? It's distractions. But a lot of times, I would say most of the time, it's just that when you, um, you always point out the faults that you suffer from the most, right? And so you think as, as a left-winger, you would cheat and steal and lie and beat up people and hurt people to win elections because you think that's acceptable. So you think that your, quote, enemy feels that way about it too. That's how Bianco voters are. I think at this point, I think that they— that this is all projection, uh, and I'll prove it to you. This is— so Bianco has been facing multiple calls over the last two days to drop out. Steve Hilton has written several op-eds about it. He's done videos. A lot of the influencer class has been out there encouraging Bianco to drop. Even a lot of his more high-profile supporters have said, look, this is not about liking you or who you are. This is about the amount of time we have and the limited pool of votes we have to grab from. And who's polling? Chad's polling. You know, it doesn't matter if even if you think the polls are rigged. You have to take the— at least take the average of all the polls over the last year, and Chad's been in third and fourth consistently. Consistently. There's a couple of moments where he pushed into that top two, and then everyone was like, oh my God, can we get a top two Republican? No, we can't. That was never— that was always a fantasy. I remember that I told you that from the start. Remember that I, Kira Davis, told you that right at the start, that it is a mathematical impossibility. And a lot of you people called me sold out. A lot of you people said I'm a Democrat plant. Um, Chad's Camp has been accusing me of being a paid influencer. First of all, I'm not an influencer. I'm not an in— I'm an opinion journalist. I've been doing this job for almost 20 years now. I am not an influencer. I'm on social media and people follow me, but I am not an influencer. There is a job called influencer. That's not me. But second of all, I have never been paid one dime from any political campaign. Let alone the Hilton campaign. But I've never taken a dime from a political campaign to push a message, to endorse anyone, to make any posts. 2 years ago, Steve and I, who were friends, we met for breakfast 2 years ago and he picked up the tab for my breakfast. That's the first and only time any kind of compensation has exchanged hands between me and Steve Hilton. But the Bianco camp has been accusing every online personality who speaks up for Steve Hilton as being paid. And I think that's projection because I think Bianco's camp is throwing some money around because I can't make heads or tails of some of the people that he's got supporting him. A lot of them aren't even here. And that's not to say that that's necessary because this is California news, is national news. This is why I do this show, and lots of people are interested. But, um, a lot of the heavy hitters that he has speak on his behalf from outside the state. So let's go to number 2. Let's go to Bianco's post that he put up, uh, this morning. And if we thought that there was any chance for Chad to maybe come around and choose California over his own ego, this puts an end to it. Chad says it's clear that Steve Hilton supporter— now this is, I think this is a little pithy P-I-T-H-Y, pithy, in response to all of the— and it's been thousands now— of calls for him to drop out and endorse Steve in this last minute. It's clear that Steve Hilton supporters should unite and support me. While they're at it, Becerra, Steyer, Porter, Mahan, Thurmond, Villaraigosa supporters should vote for me too. So that's what he's post— that's what he posted in the last moments of this election. Nothing about California, nothing about what he wants to do for California, nothing about how, um, you know, passionate he feels about saving this state and how he'll do anything to save this state. Nothing about that. This is, this is a purely selfish tweet, and it made me realize that this man is all about himself. He really is. So that, that's when I decided this is all projection. So when he accuses people like me of being paid to support a good candidate, I think that's because he's probably paying people to support him. When he accuses people like Steve of being a Democrat plant, I think that's because Chad Bianco is a Democrat plant. I don't think he started as a Democrat plant. I think somewhere along the way someone saw the opportunity to cause a rift between the only two viable Republicans in this race and handed him some money. My spidey senses tell me that someone is Tom Steyer. But I think that Bianco is projecting. The Democrat plant is him at this point, and if you support him, you're supporting Democrat chaos. If you look at the polls, which are really the only thing we have to go on when it comes to the temperature of this race, there, there's nothing. It would have to be an absolute miracle for Bianco, even with the shenanigans of polling in California. There would have to be an absolute miracle for him to catapult 3 other people to make it to the top 2. It's an impossibility. And to everybody, including some of my friends out there whom I respect deeply, for everybody out there who was pushing the idea of a top 2 Republican primary while Steve was surging and while Chad was dropping, you were pushing that. Some of you are, are leaders in the community, you're leaders in the Republican Party, and you were pushing that. Shame on you. You're part of the problem. And if we split this vote and we don't get one Republican in, I'm blaming you too, because now's the time for leadership, not cowardice. And frankly, I think the entire California GOP, from the state to the county parties, have exhibited extraordinary cowardice in this, in this election. Now, there are some county parties who have chosen to endorse, you know, good for you. I think that's the right thing to do. I think because we have to look at this as what we're up against, and we're up against an enemy who has set up a jungle primary that is specifically engineered to disadvantage Republicans. And the only way for Republicans to beat it is to do what they don't expect us to do, and that's unite. And intelligent party leaders would know that, and they would ask us to unite. No offense to some of my friends who are party leaders out there, but I do think that this is a time for extraordinary courage. And it's not that courageous actually to just as a party take a stand and say, "We're gonna drop an endorsement here 'cause we have to do the thing that's never been done." That's not, I don't even think that's that courageous, but I do think it's leadership. And we need people who are willing to take a risk and say, "Yeah, I'm willing to take a risk and come down on one side or the other here because we have to win.". And there were a lot of party leaders out there who were doing the opposite. Some, some were just staying quiet, right? Like, hey, this is the state party line. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna break it. But some were actively encouraging, no, we don't, we, you can't, Kira. Some were scolding me, Kira, you can't, you know, it's wrong for you to advocate for Steve. We should be advocating for both. No, I knew the math. And I told you this was the math. I did. Kira Davis did. Remember my name and remember that I called it. Because here we are and there's no possibility. You've wasted a lot of time, effort, and social media real estate pushing a fantasy when you're a leader in the party and you should be leading. So I, I think it's coward— I think it's cowardly for people not to come down on one side or the other in this race of— in this year of all years. I think it's cowardly. I think it's soft. I do, um, and I don't have respect for it. And I know I'm talking to people that are— that I will call friends, and maybe we'll see each other at a party and they'll give me a piece of their minds, but I just— I have no respect for it because I know where we're at in this state and I know what we're up against. I felt like you did too. The math was never there. It was never there. And I'm not even really good at math, and even I knew that from the start. But to me I was, I think I was convinced of this when, um, I was convinced that Bianco could not and should not win. Earlier I have been saying, hey, I, I think Chad's a good guy, but he's just, he's not surging. We just got to make the right choice. But when I went to California, uh, GOP convention, and I think I talked about this a little bit, and I saw how mean most of the Bianco crowd was— not everybody, obviously, but most of them, they were mean— and it was something that people were talking about. At the conference. Like, one of these people are mean and, and kind of rude, and they're very blue. And a lot of— there was just— but the Hilton side, there was a lot of joy, there was a lot of happiness, there was a lot of fun. And, um, besides pointing out Chad's record, Steve Hilton has never come for Chad personally. Never. He's never said anything personal about him, his wife, his personality. Like, he's never said that. He has said, I have a problem with Chad kneeling for BLM, I have a problem with Chad saying that he wants some kind of amnesty. That's it. But on Chad's side, it was the opposite. And that's when I knew, that's when I knew that I— if, if there ever was, you know, if I was ever waffling, just— I think this is a good sign in any political campaign. Where's the joy? Where is the joy? And you can even go back to the Obama-McCain era. Um, listen, I couldn't stand Obama, never had any intention of voting for him. I knew who he was right from the start, as many of you did. But there, in that campaign cycle, there was a lot more joy in that campaign. There was a lot more excitement. There was a lot more positivity. I felt it was false positivity, but there was a lot more of that, and he won. And when it came to Trump, it was the same thing with Hillary, and when he— and when he was running against, um, in, in running in '24. 2020 was his own thing, we don't count that, it wasn't even a real election, uh, but there was so much joy, comedy, positivity, happiness. The left tried to paint it as angst and fear, but it wasn't really like that. And he won. And I think that is a really good barometer. If you're confused, if you feel like you're on the edge of who do I vote for, this candidate or that, you should look for where the joy is in the campaign. And at the California GOP convention, that's how I felt. And it wasn't just me being biased. A lot of people said that. So there is, to me, I realize there is something wrong with the Bianco campaign. It's not just, hey, this is a good guy fighting for California the way everyone else is too. And that post was a post of a child, not somebody who is running to be the leader of this state. That post told that this is not a guy that I would want in Sacramento. This is not a guy I can't depend on his temperament. I don't think he's taking this seriously. I don't think he's taking the fear of Californians seriously. And I bet if someone were to do a deep dive into his records, and somebody may yet, we might see some anomalies in there because it makes absolutely no sense why, if you cared about California, You would stay in the race. No, you're polling in 4th place. And not only that, he has spent the last 2 weeks campaigning against Steve. Not campaigning against Democrats, not campaigning against Tom Steyer or Becerra. He might have 1 or 2 social media posts about that. He's been campaigning against the only other Republican in the race. So even Chad doesn't want a top 2 Republican finish. That's not somebody who's on our side. That's not somebody who I want to send to Sacramento as a Republican leader, as a Republican representative. Can't trust that person. I felt that way when I saw the BLM kneeling video, which for a long time I accepted his explanation on that too. Where he was like, well, I was just praying. Uh, okay. Um, I thought, okay, well, sure, he was praying and he was talking, he was trying to keep the peace. Got it. I did not watch this. I did not listen to the sound of that video for a whole year. I didn't listen to it. I only ever watched it. I did not listen to it. When I listened to it, it changed everything for me. He was not kneeling to pray. He was following orders. There were people shouting at him to take the knee, to take the knee, not pray with us, not meditate with us, not embrace us, take the knee. That's someone asking you to bow to them. And he did it. And it made me think, and that's when I heard those words and those shouts, I thought, oh no, I don't want this guy in Sacramento because Who will he take the knee for there? And there's going to be so much pressure, so much pressure. It's not going to be a cakewalk. We're not going to get a Republican governor and then, woof, you know, all bets are off, now we can finally go about fixing this place. It's going to be fight after fight after fight. And that's why I think when, when Steve Hilton gets there, he's going to be the right man for the job because he is going to fight because he's been through a fight every step of this of this battle. Every step of the way has been a fight. All right, let's see. I want to make sure. We're just waiting on Herb Morgan to pop in here. He should be here shortly. Um, Herb for controller. He's running on the golden ticket as well. Um, but yeah, I just think that I, I don't think he has the temperament for it. I don't. And the way he's behaving in these final days, again, he's going after the— he spent his entire time going after the only Republican. Steve's been on the trail doing town halls, uh, doing debates. Coming out with oppo research on Becerra, on Steyer. He's been, you know, talking about California, California's problems. And Bianco has only been talking about Steve, the only other Republican in the race who is endorsed by Donald Trump, who's the leader of our party and the president of the United States and the leader of the free world. Who just went 31 for 31 in primary endorsements, or 32 for 32 in primary endorsements, and Charlie Kirk, who we have since his death sainted. Some of the same people here in Orange County— it's bizarre— some of the same people who have, who have, they have monuments to Charlie Kirk, they have scholarships to Charlie Kirk, they invoke Charlie's name every time they meet. They talk about Charlie, have pictures of Charlie at every meeting. I know, I go to those meetings. He endorsed Steve. He endorsed Steve. And those people are still like, oh no, well, he just— he didn't know what he was doing. Trump doesn't know what he was doing. Maybe you don't know what you're doing, but that to me, that's cult-like behavior. To me, that's a cult, a cultish devotion. Not saying you can't like the guy. I've heard from many, many people over the last few days who have said You know what? I do like Chad. I want to vote for Chad. Chad's my pick, but I'm looking at the numbers and I'm looking at the reality and I just don't think he can do it at this point. I'm voting Hilton. There are quite a few people out there who are doing that. But I think if you're at this point, if you're saying, nah, I'm just, I'm voting for Chad. I don't care what Trump said. Yeah. I know that Trump is, you know, the greatest president we've ever had. But I'm not going to listen to him this time. And I know he just won 32 primaries, but I'm not going to listen to him this time. And yeah, I know I talk about Charlie Kirk all day long, like people— I talk to people in Orange County who have never met Charlie Kirk, don't know Charlie Kirk. I knew Charlie. I knew Charlie personally, and I can tell them, yeah, I knew Charlie personally, and he did not support Chad Bianco. He supported Steve Hilton. Now, still doesn't matter. That's a cult. That's a cult. So I think at this point, if you are concerned about California, um, then you have to vote for Hilton. You have to. We just— not only does it change the trajectory of every other race on the ballot and every ballot measure we've got coming up in November, it could change the trajectory of America, period. Herb hasn't checked in yet, Steve. I mean Scott, just call him Steve. No, I haven't heard from him. Let's see, let me check my emails. Let's see if he emailed. We keep having, um, technical issues with this platform, so Just wanted to make sure he's not like lost in no man's land. Nope. Okay. I'm just gonna keep going then. We'll, we'll see. Maybe he forgot. Let's do number 3, Scott. Let's, uh, go to clip 3 on here. I want to talk a little bit while we wait for her. We'll see. He might got— this is like if you're a candidate in California, these— this is when you're just, you're knocking on doors, you're going to every last minute meeting, you're making— you're going phone banking, you're doing all that stuff. So I'm sure Herb is doing that. He knows we love him. All right, so here's a story that has been covered quite a bit today. Um, mail-in ballots in LA are being found burned and a voting center vandalized with just one day until Spencer Pratt's potential for an upset win. What a coincidence, Pratt needs to win this. This is Eric Daughtry. On X. This is why mass mail-ins must be banned. We need to pass the SAVE Act. Yes, absolutely. This is why mass mail-ins need to be, need to be banned. We saw this in '24 and in '22, and in 2022 and 2024, here in my neck of the woods, we had a rash— isn't this funny— right around election time. Of mail-in, of mailbox thefts, mailbox thefts. And people were returning their ballots through the USPS, which you can do, which is ridiculous. Or not only that, they, but they were getting their ballots. So those ballots were being stolen. This is the problem with the ballot boxes. And I Tried to explain this with reason on my old show in which I reasoned through things. Just listen to yourself. You can find the archives on my YouTube channel, Kira, just Kira Davis. But I tried to reason through this when a lot of the lefties were like, you're just, you're a fascist for not wanting to expand voting rights. No, you don't know what happens to those ballots. When you drop your ballot in that ballot box, you are making a whole series of assumptions. It's not like going to the vote center yourself where you, you drop the ballot yourself. And here in California, oh, let me address this too, because President Trump's been getting a little bit of grief over this, where he told Lara Trump on an interview that California doesn't even have real vote centers. We don't have vote machines. And they jumped all over him. That's not true. We do. But it was kind of true. He knew what he was talking about. It was just expressed in Trump's way. We don't have the— when you think about going to the ballot box and anywhere else in this country, you're thinking about going to an electronic machine and pressing the buttons on the machine to choose your candidates, to choose who you want. And then the machine tabulates it electronically, transmits that single signal, and then gives you a printout of what you voted on. That's what you're thinking. That's not how it works in California anymore. It's all mail-in ballot. For intents and purposes, it is all mail-in ballot. You take your— you get— everyone gets a ballot in the mail. Everybody gets a ballot in the mail. You, you can take your ballot down to the vote center if you want. If you don't want to drop it in a box, you can fill it out there, but then you either drop it in a box at the vote center, or you can go scan it, which is what a voting booth is. It's a booth that has a scanner and you just scan it, or it's a booth that has curtains so you can fill out your ballot while you're there, but it still goes into the scanner and you're still filling it out by hand. So President Trump wasn't wrong. Now look at these, these ballot boxes. They are unmanned. And in Los Angeles, of all places, you know, I live in the cozy suburbs of Orange County. There's a couple of ballot boxes around my neighborhood. They're pretty safe. But in Los Angeles, where it's the Night of the Living Dead every day— zombies, drug dealers, random fires— You know, the fire department is understaffed by something like 30%. Police don't come. Like, it's just ridiculous. And what do you know, what are people putting in there? You know, you can put anything in there, which clearly you can. You can put something that's on fire in those boxes. But not only that, someone comes and takes the ballots out of the boxes. Who, who is that? Do you know who that is? You don't know who that is. And where do they go? Do they go into a truck that's locked, that's guarded like the Brinks truck? No, you— but you don't— I know you don't know. You can actually walk— you can actually scope out one of those things and watch. A lot of times it's some rando in a 20-year-old car and they put the ballots in the back of their trunk. That's not, you know, a very intelligent chain of custody. Where do they go when that person puts the ballots in their trunk? Then where do they— you— my point is this: you don't know. So don't tell me that all the ballots are safe, that it's fine, it's, it's a safe process. You don't know where they go. You don't know the chain of custody. On these things and you don't know what people put into the boxes. You can pour acid in. I mean, it's just ridiculous. We absolutely should not have anything to do with this type of mail-in system. And, you know, talking about this is how much on the ropes Democrats are here. First of all, they— we have had this uniparty for so long. We have had one-party rule for so long that California Democrats now think they're entitled. Entitled to one-party rule. In fact, Americans think they're entitled to have California be a Democrat state. And our governor has said, oh, we're— we have options to make sure no Republicans get into the top two. Why would you say that? As, as the chief liberty officer in your state, why would you say that? That's not the point. Isn't the point to make sure that you get the best person elected for the people. Now, I understand you're the leader of your party, the leader of the Democrat Party. You want Democrats to win, but to suggest that you have a break glass option, which means you're going to use your authority as the governor of the state to put your thumb on the scale, it should chill everybody. But they, they think they're so entitled. And, uh, so we've been trying to figure out what is this break glass option. I think one of the break glass options is Chad Bianco. Again, I do think— I think there's a lot of projection there, and I think if we dig in there, we're going to see Chad getting some payments from some weird places to stay in this race. So I think he's one of their break glass options, but I think the other break glass option is this law that Gavin Newsom signed, which I don't think is going to do much, but it's a sign of where they're at. Mentally. Let's go to— this is number 4. This article. I'm filling in for Dr. Drew, everybody, on Thursday, right? On the 4th. That's why my phone is buzzing. Producers getting guests ready. But I love filling in for the Dr. Drew Show. So if you love Dr. Ask Dr. Drew live, Tune in on the 4th. I'll be there. We're just getting our guests ready. Okay. Newsom signs California election law before Tuesday primary aiming to block federal interference. Governor Gavin Newsom signed legislation Wednesday that aims to shield California elections from federal interference, saying he expected President Donald Trump's administration to try to meddle in the midterms this year. The law, which took effect immediately and came days before next Tuesday's primary, prohibits any person, including federal agents, from accessing voter rolls or election technology without a court order. Why would you— again, they— it— these are all— it's the same thing with the Nick Shirley Act and the stupid secret tunnel that they're building under the Capitol. It's all anti-transparency. The whole goal is to make it harder for you to find out what is really going on and to ask questions. Law enforcement officers are restricted from disrupting election workers except in public safety emergencies. All right, two things about this. First of all, I think that this is absolutely his break glass moment. Uh, it's a response to how well Republicans are doing, but furthermore, it's a response to what they intend to do, right? Which is cheat. They intend to cheat and Trump's doing what he can from his federal perch. He can't do a ton of stuff because of states' rights, but in midterm elections, in federal elections, he does have purview. And by the way, think about what Trump did. He, he, I haven't seen any, any indication that ICE is going to be at the polls, but why shouldn't they be? Who cares? With ICE, ICE, they don't, they don't run the polls. They don't run elections. Why would you care if ICE is standing nearby? At a vote center? Why would you care? I'll tell you why I care. I, I figured this out a few years ago when I went to school board meeting in Santa Ana, invited by my friend Brenda Lebsack, to see the incredibly, uh, disgusting, disgusting LGBTQ and CRT stuff they have going on in Santa Ana School District. She— they were voicing the trans agenda. This was years ago now. They lost. We all lost that fight, but They're forcing the trans agenda into Santa Ana Unified. Well, Santa Ana Unified is something like 60% immigrant, illegal immigrant really. And so large Hispanic population, but those people are also Catholics. They didn't want it. Brenda invited me to go cover this. I went and covered it. And guess what the school board did? They invited immigration enforcement and police to come and hang out in the parking lot. And what were, what were they there for? They were there to intimidate the illegals who were going to show up to speak up for their children and speak up against this horrible agenda. So they knew that that would be an intimidating factor for those, quote, voters. That's what they're doing now. They know that their voters are going to show up, their illegal voters are going to show up at the polls, and, um, and they know that just having ICE present is going to be an intimidation. Why would we care? Why would I care if ICE is standing on the street corner nearby a vote center? Why would I care? What can they do? They don't count votes. They don't take votes. The ICE has never taken votes. ICE has never seized a vote. Why would Gavin Newsom need to make a law like that? First of all, it's for show, all right? I don't think it has any teeth at all. I don't know how you would enforce it. I don't know how you would even know what federal agents are around unless the feds coordinated with you. And it doesn't speak to what Trump was saying he was going to do anyway, which was just post agents there to catch illegals. So why would you care if federal agents are at the ballot box if you don't have any intentions of cheating? Because it's not— federal agents aren't officers. There's no case which federal agents are walking off with ballots from the ballot box. There's no case of that. It doesn't work like that. Why would they be worried about the feds looking at our voter rolls? What could they possibly be worried about if our voter rolls are fine? Why would they be worried about the feds doing a recount in a federal election? By the way, they absolutely do have the right to do that. So I don't think this law has any teeth. Second of all, if this is his break glass option, then, um, I don't know, I'm encouraged. I'm encouraged by that. And, uh, third of all, isn't it interesting that the law went into effect immediately? Immediately, just like Prop 50 went into effect immediately. But Prop 36, which we voted for, still has yet to be implemented. Prop 36 is what rolled back Prop 47 and, um, all of the other ridiculous, uh, crime reduction bills that just increased crime and chaos in our streets and is the reason Spencer Pratt is winning right now. Prop 36, we voted for over a year ago, and, and they haven't funded it and they haven't implemented it. But when they want— when it's a law to thwart honest elections, to thwart the people, or to tax the people it goes into effect right away. The high-speed rail has been 14 years, 15, 16 years in the making. 16 years in the making, high-speed rail. We voted for extra reservoirs 12 years ago. We don't have the extra reservoirs. We voted for desalinization in some parts. We don't have any desalinization plants. We've all this— we vote. Oh, you want to know what else we voted for in this state? The death penalty. 3 times. We voted for it the original time, which I think was in the early '90s. We voted for it to be strengthened in 20 2016 or 2018, we voted for it to be strengthened. We wanted it to have more teeth. And then we voted to make the appeals time lower. We voted to shorten the appeals time and shorten the amount of time that a prisoner can spend on death row, basically to speed up the process. We voted to speed up the process. We do not have the death penalty. We voted for it 3 times. We don't have one. Why? Because the governor decided that the will of the people didn't matter, and he, he made it null and void. See, when, when they want to get something done, they do it. But when they tell you— when, when you say, why is my kid's school full of rapists? And like, and some of those rapists are teachers and illegal immigrant students who can't speak English, and The trans agenda is sitting on top of my kid every day and it's chaos and no one can read or write or do math. And, and you say, why, you know, why do I have to put up with this every time? And what do they tell you? What do the unions tell you? What does Governor Newsom tell you? What are— what do Democrats tell you every time? They tell you, well, we just, we need more money. You gotta wait. I've got a 10-year plan. I've got a 5-year plan. They can do whatever they want overnight. We can do whatever we want overnight. You all understand me? We have normalized this idea of we can only do so much, the process is slow. First of all, in Congress, the process is slow. I say this a lot. It's supposed to be slow. It's supposed to be gridlock. We're not supposed to let those people do what they want to do quickly. We have a legislature in California that does that, right? When they want to move quick, they move quick, and it crushes us. When they want to move slow, they move super slow, and it crushes us. They can control the pace at which they work, and they do. Like, we do not have to tolerate it. We do not have to assume that it is just like this, that it's a difficult process, that it— oh, it's just gridlock. No, things can change overnight if we have the right leaders. We can have change and we can have it really quickly here if you vote for the right people. And that's why it counts. That's why it matters that, um, our party leaders are brave and have courage and have the courage of convictions. And I don't feel like the California GOP has— and again, I feel bad because I, I am friends with a lot of these people, but I just, I have to call a spade a spade. I don't feel like, for all intents and purposes, the California GOP has the stones that is needed to change things. Because leaders can— a real leader can change things overnight, and people will follow a leader. And the California The GOP keeps waiting for the followers to lead, and that's not how it works. The followers need a leader. We need people who are going to stand up and say, this, not that, there, not here, up, not down. And I'm standing on that, and I'm— and it is a risk. It's a risk. That's the other thing. Leaders take risks. It's a risk. We need leaders who are willing to take risks. Look at the Trump campaign. His entire campaign was one big risk-taking venture, and that's what we need— people who are ready to think big and to take risks, and who are, who are ready to stand and say, I'm not going any further, no more. I feel like people should be angrier, people should be more resolute, people should be more determined. People should be taking more— this more seriously than they are. And we need voices who are strong and unafraid, unafraid to be insulted or disliked, but also unafraid to fly in the face of conventional wisdom and say, yeah, I can be who I am. Like, I can be a conservative and win. I can be anti-abortion and win. You know, I can believe that California can do— make an incredible turnaround. We can, we can ban Islam, we can ban abortion, we can do all of those things. We can do anything we want to do if we have the right leaders, if we have the leaders who are willing to speak with conviction and take the risk to speak up even when it's not popular. And to make a choice. And right now, the California GOP is not making choices. They are hanging back and they're waiting to see what the electorate does, and that's not how it goes. The electorate will follow a strong leader, and we need more strong leaders. I believe Steve Hilton is a great leader, and he's going to be a strong leader for California, and I look forward to seeing him in Sacramento. I think Spencer Pratt is going to be a great leader. He's already a great leader. He's already shown us that if you're willing to be honest and speak common sense and offer people hope, that things can change. Uh, we've got one day, people. We've got one day left. So if you Republican voter, we still have 4 million Republicans that have not voted in this state. So today you have, you still have time to look around and say, what do I care about more? Do I care about the future of this state? Or, and do I care about how we win the future? Do I care about being a leader and a risk taker? Or do I just care about being right? And I just wanted to be right about this guy and I'm going to go down with that sinking ship. Not— I mean, not to insult you, but at this point, I just, I think if you're voting for Bianco, that's the insult. That's insulting to California. And believe me, I will be saying this very same thing if the tables were turned and Steve were polling at the bottom. I would be saying the same thing, but that's not how it's going. And so I, you have a choice tomorrow to join this revolution and to be one of the people who, who will be able to stand up and say, yeah, I voted for change and we won. And I'm proud. I'm proud that I can say I was one of the people that brought California back, that took the risk. You have one chance to do this. We have one chance to do this. It's not about your pride, it's not about your ego, and it is about your principles. I'm not telling you to forego your principles. I think anybody who is saying she's telling me to let go of my principle— no, no, I'm not. And I think that's a very unprincipled response, right? Because I'm a conservative and I'm as hard right as they come, by the way. Go look at my X feed. I'm as hard right as they come. I'm a conservative and I don't back down on my principles. But you know what one of my principles is? Winning. And I think for a long time conservatives in this country have gotten, we've gotten used to losing. And we look at a guy like Trump and we say, well, he's an anomaly, you know, but when Trump's gone, we'll go back to losing. When Trump's gone, MAGA will ascend. Right now, Trump is MAGA, but I think MAGA is America. And I think it's going to become what we define as Americanism, MAGA. And, um, you get to say that you were a part of that revolution. And you don't have to be a loser. You don't— we don't have to be the professional opposition. We can be the leaders even in this state, and this state can change. Yes, overnight it can change. Yes, overnight. I'm going to say it again. This state can change overnight. It is possible. We can change everything. We have to start tomorrow. You have to go vote for Steve Hilton. If your principles are a better California, boys out of girls' sports, a tightened border, lower taxes, low gas. If your principles are family, state, and country first, then you can vote for Steve Hilton because those— that's everything that he's fighting for, and he's taking the golden ticket with him. And what is, what is Chad Bianco doing in his, his final moments? He's, he's choosing to fight the lead Republican instead of saying, hey, let's do this together. Let's get into the— even that's a pipe dream, but at least you could spin it that way. Hey, Steve, I know you think you're winning, but I don't believe the polls. Let's do this together. Let's campaign together. Let's put, you know, there's nothing positive coming out of there. So I just think if you're voting for Chappie Yunkel right now, it's 'cause you hate California. You're mad at California and you wanna prove a point. But if you're like me and you love California and you want— and you believe that the future of California is ours for the taking, then vote Hilton tomorrow. Vote for the entire Golden Ticket and let's get this show on the road. And let's see. Let's see how quickly— and by the way, we don't— I don't know what Spencer is going to do tomorrow. He's out there saying he thinks he can get 50+1 of the vote. And you know what? It's the golden era. And I'm not, I'm not going to say no. I'm not going to say it can't happen because from what I have seen of Spencer Pratt, it's not even just him, but like all the stars are aligned. Like, look how awful his opponents are. He, he posted the other day, it was like, I don't even have to make campaign ads anymore because Karen Bass's ads sound like pro-Spencer Pratt ads, and they do. Like, everything Nithya Raman and Karen Bass, everything they post, it just looks so dark and ridiculous. It looks like a Spencer Pratt post. Like, look how— look what these people are running on. Can you believe it? But it's actually serious. And yes, there's a lot of uninformed voters in LA, and there's a lot of cheating. But this could be too big to rig. And that's what this whole thing needs to be. That's why, Bianco supporters, we need you to be reasonable about this vote. It's not just about who you like better. We need to make it too big to rig. The system can be defeated. We proved it in '24. And I think Trump is right when he said he won California. I think he did win California. I think that, I think that will come out in the wash eventually. I really do. But, uh, that being said, I think this whole thing has to be too big to rig. Democrats are not going to give this up easily. Again, this is what I said from the start. The idea that you would have two Republicans in the top two was a pipe dream. You don't know California Democrats. They own the apparatus of every electoral system machine. In this state. How would they let two Republicans get to the top two? Impossible. You were foolish to ever think it. But, but some of us have understood from the start, and we've been telling you the truth from the start. And so you can believe us, and you can believe me. You can still believe me. We can do this. We can do this. Spencer Pratt can win in LA. Steve Hilton can win governor. Michael Gayes can win attorney general. Gloria Romero can win Lieutenant Governor. Herb Morgan, who— Herb, maybe he forgot, but Godspeed to you, Herb. I'll see you tomorrow night. Uh, Herb can be the Controller. Stacey Korsgarten can be Insurance Commissioner. Sonia Shah, she's not on the Golden Ticket, but she can be Superintendent of Schools if you vote and you believe in what the leaders are telling you. And the leaders are telling you It's time to get going. Like, this is our time. It's the golden— I said this to Steve recently. I said, we're in, we're living in the golden age now. Trump, Trump dubbed it the golden age when he took office, and I believe he is absolutely right. That's why we're doing MMA on the White House lawns, why we're getting a new ballroom, why DC's getting cleaned up. It's why everything looks iffy right now on the international scene. We're entering the golden age. We are. We have not quite hit it yet. I think we're going to hit it after July 4th. Forth. That's what I think. I think we're about to go into overdrive. We're in the Golden Age right now. I feel like America can't lose, and to me that means California can't lose. If there was ever a time for the golden ticket, it's in the Golden Age. And I just have a feeling that we are on the precipice of something really, really big. And if you follow me into this precipice, I promise you we will get to that promised land. Ladies and gentlemen, we do live in the promised land. We already live in the promised land. We have just let others co-opt that promise, but we can take it back. We can, we can start tomorrow. Start there with me. All right. Make sure you get your ballots in, walk them into the vote center yourself. Vote centers are open. I suggest you go in today and do that rather than wait for tomorrow and then get caught up in those long lines, especially if you're in Los Angeles. You should vote early because I think Los Angeles lines are going to be very long. And we'll see, we'll see if any of Newsom's break glass options have, uh, any impact. All right, everybody, follow us everywhere. Um, I'll be hosting Dr. Drew on the 4th this week. I think it's Thursday. You can tune in for that. Um, and then tomorrow is Election Day, and I will be doing— oh, I'll be doing Katie Pavlich tonight on NewsNation. I'll be on with Katie Pavlich. Uh, tomorrow I'll be on Newsmax with Kelly Sadler. We'll also be broadcasting here. And then tomorrow I'll try— I'll be, um, at the Hilton watch party, at the Hilton campaign party. I hope it's a victory celebration, at least victory part one. And prayers up if you're praying. If you're a praying person, shout out to you and go ahead and pray. Pray for us because we have a lot of work to do, and I think we have a lot further to go than even in November in order to receive all of God's blessings for this state. I believe that, but that's another story for another day. I have some ideas about how we can really become the greatest state in the union and maybe in the world. I have some ideas, but those are for another day and another show. I'm Kira Davis. This has been The Orange Report. We'll catch you on the flip side. Don't forget Sunlight is the best disinfectant. So bring on the sunshine. Too big to rig."
> — Speaker A at 00:07
> *Nithya Raman was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:07] Speaker A: "Welcome to another episode of The Orange Report with Kira Davis. I am your host, Kira Davis, bringing you all the news and views you can use from around California, Orange County, and America, because California news is Orange County news. It's fine. Let's just keep going. Um, as I was saying, we lost my mother. If it feels like it's a little confused this morning, it is because we lost my mother-in-law this past week and we're all just sort of reeling and trying to get back into go mode. Um, but I just wanted to remember my mother-in-law Faith Davis this morning. And, uh, she was a wonderful woman. Um, a wonderful mother-in-law, the best. Mother-in-law I think a wife could ask for and, um, was very dearly loved by her family and her husband of 65 years, Victor. So you can pray for, um, my father-in-law Victor. You can pray for our family. We are going to have a memorial in a couple of weeks, and we're doing it in a couple of different places because they were snowbirds. They transplanted out west, um, from the Midwest. And so we're going to make sure everybody has, the opportunity to remember her and memorialize her. And, um, I just want to say that she's an example, I think, of what a mother-in-law should be, and that is embracing and open and understanding that when your child leaves the nest, they're, they're going to their own family. They're, they're not necessarily adding to yours, but they are starting their own. And if you have open heart and open mind, you You can add a new family, and that's how she was for me when we first married. I remember she told me, 'cause I lived right down the street from her, I mean, on the other side of the block. And she said, "Look, this is, I want you to know this is your family now. This is your home, this is your husband, and I'm gonna respect that. I'm not just gonna drop by or, you know, or just be out of pocket with you. I want you to know that this is your home, and I'm gonna respect that." And she always did. But she was always there for advice and comfort and encouragement. She taught me a lot about being a wife. I didn't really have an example growing up, um, you know, I'm a child of divorce and, um, uh, abusive childhood, and, uh, I didn't really have those examples. I was not raised in a Christian home, and she taught me the value of, of keeping a home, of staying home for your children. Um, she always encouraged me to do that, and I'm so glad she encouraged me to do that because other people in my life were not encouraging me to do that. And she always said that this is the biggest blessing that you could ever have, is to be a mom, and, um, you have to take that seriously. And so I, I will miss her. Today is not our memorial show. Maybe I'll do something on my Substack just to have a place to talk about her because she was a wonderful woman and Gonna miss her very much. I miss her very much already. But we have some other business to get to today, and she would want us to get about our business. She is doing kingdom business right now. She's not— she's not sad. She's not wanting for anything anymore, and she's not missing anyone anymore. She is doing kingdom business. So let's do our earthly business today. We— this is primary election eve, everybody. June 1st in California.. And, um, we are— I mean, I guess it's June 1st everywhere, but in California our primaries are tomorrow. And I know you've been hearing about them because it's all anyone is talking about these days. Now granted, I have been off the grid for about the last week as we go through this process of grief, so there's a lot of news that has escaped me. Please bear with me. Even you saw we were like a little bit jittery getting online this morning. We're just getting things back together. So if it seems like I'm— I've got some gaps in my, um, in my news knowledge, you know, my current news knowledge, that's just because I've been grieving this week. So, uh, again, just I'll take your grace if you would offer that. But I know that you have been hearing about the California elections, and tomorrow night is going to be a big night for us. We have got The two big races everyone is looking at is the race for governor and the race for LA mayor with Spencer Pratt. And I want to talk first, we're going to— Herb Morgan is running on the Golden Ticket here in California. That's Steve Hilton's ticket. And he's going to join us at 10:30 to— he's, he's got 20 minutes for us. Herb is doing all the last minute um, campaigning. Herb is running for State Controller. I've talked about that office a lot. I also had Stacy Coorsgarden on. She is running for Insurance Commissioner. And I wanted to have those two on specifically because they are offices that a lot of people don't think about, they don't know about. And I'm going to be totally honest with you, until this election cycle, I barely paid attention to those offices. And you know what made me pay attention to them? Steve's golden ticket. Which I think is rather brilliant. The idea that no, we need to send a team to Sacramento. We need to run as a team, just the way that Trump ran that coalition. Steve thought a coalition would be great for California. I think it's been a fantastic way to get out the vote for all of these offices because Californians are lazy voters. Even the conservative voters often are lazy and will come out for big things. Big-ticket items, you know, like voter ID or the gas tax or governor. But a lot of people will skip those other offices on the ballot, or they will just pick a name that they've heard before. They won't do any research. I want to reiterate this. I say this often. I want to say it again. Your ballot is not a multiple-choice questionnaire. You can skip any of the offices that you like. You can skip any of the questions that you like. You don't have to choose if you don't know the office. I guess I had a lot of grief. I put this on X, and then people were like, oh, Kira, why don't you tell people to educate themselves? Well, duh, obviously you should educate yourself, but a lot of people don't. And I'm not— I, I don't think that one social media post is going to change a person's entire lifestyle, but a lot of people might feel like, oh, okay, I actually don't have to fill all of these things out, and I can just skip it, because every— you It's such a chaos— chaotic disruptor for people to just choose who they're voting for, for based on a name. During COVID when we had elections, we, we vote for a lot of judges, and there were people who were voting just by name recognition. And it turns out some of those judges won their races by a dozen votes, two dozen votes, less than 100 votes. I heard of one uh, one race, I think it was in South Carolina, where a judge won by 2 votes. So, and as it turned out, some of those judges were the very ones who were ruling to keep the schools closed, uh, ruling for mask mandates, vax mandates, all of that stuff. So there were conservatives voting for those people because they were being lazy voters. They just were like, I gotta pick someone, this looks like a good name. There are people out there who do all the research on judges and all of that stuff. You can go look that up. But if you don't know, just don't vote for that name. Just skip over it. That's fine. That's fine. If all you want to vote for is governor, governor, I encourage you to vote all the way down the ticket. You should. But if all you're going to vote for is governor, then don't feel like you have to fill out the rest of the ticket just because you think you're going to lose points or something. You don't lose any points. So don't fill out an office that you're not sure of. In California, that's not helpful. It's not helpful. And you, a lot of times you could be voting because we don't have the names. You know, these are nonpartisan elections. We don't have the letters after the names in a lot of these cases. So it's not enough just to say like, I like this name. But Steve Hilton is, we, It's getting tight, it's getting tight. And, um, there are 3 at the top here in the polling. That's, uh, Javier Becerra— I also want to say Xavier— José Becerra, uh, Tom Steyer, who has just bought himself into the top 3. It's just incredible. It just goes to show you money does make a difference. It doesn't make the ultimate difference, I don't think, but it does make a difference. And then there's Steve Hilton. Now Steve's been consistently in the top 2 since this all started. And yesterday the poll came— a poll came out, an Emerson poll, final Emerson poll, had him sitting tied with Steyer basically for third, just a little bit below Steyer. I actually think— don't think that that's the purest poll, but I think it's, it's the best poll you're going to get from Emerson at this point. There's— it's not worth polling anymore. And you have to understand that polls take days and sometimes weeks, a week or more to tabulate. And so that polling is not based— and this race has been changing day to day, and that polling is not based on the changes that have been happening day to day in the news cycle in California. So it's— there's about a week lag on that poll. So it might be a little bit different. Steve might have popped back into that top 2. And of course, these are just polls. Polls are not votes. We understand this. But let's talk about this for a minute, because the Bianco crowd is out there Or, and Bianco himself, Sheriff Bianco, they are saying you can't believe the polls at all, that the polls are, um, that they are inaccurate. And somebody posted this morning, um, oh yeah, I, I believe these polls about as much as I believe this poll. And they posted a picture of Hillary and Trump from 2016, where one of the polls said she has a 91% chance of winning. And look, dude, I get it. Like, I get it. I don't fully believe the polls either. There's a lot of shenanigans and there's a lot of different factors in the polling. But I don't think it behooves us to point to a 10-year-old polling failure. We've come a long way since then. In a race from 2016. And anyway, you guys hate Trump because he endorsed Steve. This is the other thing that I don't understand about the Bianco crowd. Um, I think it's a cult at this point. I will say that I've held my fire, uh, about how I feel personally about all of this because I have a lot of friends who are Bianco voters. I don't think those friends are stupid, but I do think that they are misinformed. I really do. And I think that what— the same thing again, this is why right, left, Republican, Democrat, conservative, liberal— if you're not curious, it doesn't matter what your politics are, right? Right-wingers can be just as incurious and silly and stupid as left-wingers. The whole thing that's supposed to make us different is that we're more curious. But there are a lot of people on our side who aren't curious. They really just want to be like the, like the far left is. They just want to pick up an issue, pick a candidate, and then they will hang on to it with cult-like fanaticism. And that's who Bianco has turned out to be here in California. He's got this very hard-right base. I think it's very small, actually. I think it's a lot smaller than we even think. Especially these days. But, um, just the way that left-wingers will only watch CNN, M-Snow, or whatever they're calling themselves these days, and then, or just read the headlines on X and then call that the news, let that inform all their opinions. That's what Bianco voters are doing. They're, um, you know, I had a friend say the other day, I just find there's something unsettling about Steve Hilton. I just, there's something off about him. And I said, I, I said, yeah, I, I, I guess if all you were seeing about him was what's coming out of the Bianco camp, yeah, you would have questions about him. And that's of course what's been happening. And that's what the left does too. You know, it's, it's so funny. I was talking to my, uh, well, a family member the other day, and we were talking about— I texted about this Trump account because she has a young child at home. And I said, um, Hey, download the Trump Account app. Trump Accounts launched on July 4th. They match up to $5,000 a year in, um, investment— in investments. And every kid in America under the age of 18 is eligible for this. So kind of free money, seems like a great idea. If I had kids under 18, I'd be enrolling. And her response was twofold. One, she had never heard of it. She had never, she had never heard of it before, even though Trump's been talking about it for a year. It's been being covered for a year. Um, there was multiple stories even in the left-wing media when the Dells came out. Susan and— is it Robert Dell, um, or Bob Dell— came out and said, we're going to fund these Trump accounts, I think for 15 years or something, is pouring billions of personal dollars into it. We're gonna fund this. And it was a big deal, and even the left-wing media had stuff to say about it. But because her sources are so limited, she had not heard about it. And then the other response was, I don't know if I want to do this. How do I know he's just not going to take off with my money? He being Trump. And I realized that, you know, this is somebody who's completely siloed. They only have a small amount of information, and that informs everything else. And so even though there was this great opportunity, this person could only look at it with suspicion because they, they aren't curious enough to get the full spectrum. So they didn't even know that this was happening. And this is like a really big deal. That's a— it's a pretty big deal. And by the way, this isn't a stupid person. They didn't know that it wasn't happening, not because they're dumb, but because they have limited avenues of information coming in. And that's how I feel about the Bianco crowd. They have limited avenues. They've made themselves the left wing of the GOP, in my estimation. And they call themselves the most conservative, um, and the most right wing and the most principled. But yet the two of the biggest heroes in the conservative movement, Donald Trump and Charlie Kirk, have endorsed Steve Hilton. And the Bianco crowd are still like, Steve is a Democrat plant. Or I— listen, when Democrats lost everything in 2024 and they started talking about fascists and Nazis and all that stuff, Epstein and pedophiles, what did we say? We said that's projection. That's whatever they're accusing you of, that's what they're doing. And when they're doing it with such gusto, that is because They, they are projecting what's going on on their side of the fence, what's going on in their minds. They are projecting it onto you. Sometimes it's deliberate, right? It's distractions. But a lot of times, I would say most of the time, it's just that when you, um, you always point out the faults that you suffer from the most, right? And so you think as, as a left-winger, you would cheat and steal and lie and beat up people and hurt people to win elections because you think that's acceptable. So you think that your, quote, enemy feels that way about it too. That's how Bianco voters are. I think at this point, I think that they— that this is all projection, uh, and I'll prove it to you. This is— so Bianco has been facing multiple calls over the last two days to drop out. Steve Hilton has written several op-eds about it. He's done videos. A lot of the influencer class has been out there encouraging Bianco to drop. Even a lot of his more high-profile supporters have said, look, this is not about liking you or who you are. This is about the amount of time we have and the limited pool of votes we have to grab from. And who's polling? Chad's polling. You know, it doesn't matter if even if you think the polls are rigged. You have to take the— at least take the average of all the polls over the last year, and Chad's been in third and fourth consistently. Consistently. There's a couple of moments where he pushed into that top two, and then everyone was like, oh my God, can we get a top two Republican? No, we can't. That was never— that was always a fantasy. I remember that I told you that from the start. Remember that I, Kira Davis, told you that right at the start, that it is a mathematical impossibility. And a lot of you people called me sold out. A lot of you people said I'm a Democrat plant. Um, Chad's Camp has been accusing me of being a paid influencer. First of all, I'm not an influencer. I'm not an in— I'm an opinion journalist. I've been doing this job for almost 20 years now. I am not an influencer. I'm on social media and people follow me, but I am not an influencer. There is a job called influencer. That's not me. But second of all, I have never been paid one dime from any political campaign. Let alone the Hilton campaign. But I've never taken a dime from a political campaign to push a message, to endorse anyone, to make any posts. 2 years ago, Steve and I, who were friends, we met for breakfast 2 years ago and he picked up the tab for my breakfast. That's the first and only time any kind of compensation has exchanged hands between me and Steve Hilton. But the Bianco camp has been accusing every online personality who speaks up for Steve Hilton as being paid. And I think that's projection because I think Bianco's camp is throwing some money around because I can't make heads or tails of some of the people that he's got supporting him. A lot of them aren't even here. And that's not to say that that's necessary because this is California news, is national news. This is why I do this show, and lots of people are interested. But, um, a lot of the heavy hitters that he has speak on his behalf from outside the state. So let's go to number 2. Let's go to Bianco's post that he put up, uh, this morning. And if we thought that there was any chance for Chad to maybe come around and choose California over his own ego, this puts an end to it. Chad says it's clear that Steve Hilton supporter— now this is, I think this is a little pithy P-I-T-H-Y, pithy, in response to all of the— and it's been thousands now— of calls for him to drop out and endorse Steve in this last minute. It's clear that Steve Hilton supporters should unite and support me. While they're at it, Becerra, Steyer, Porter, Mahan, Thurmond, Villaraigosa supporters should vote for me too. So that's what he's post— that's what he posted in the last moments of this election. Nothing about California, nothing about what he wants to do for California, nothing about how, um, you know, passionate he feels about saving this state and how he'll do anything to save this state. Nothing about that. This is, this is a purely selfish tweet, and it made me realize that this man is all about himself. He really is. So that, that's when I decided this is all projection. So when he accuses people like me of being paid to support a good candidate, I think that's because he's probably paying people to support him. When he accuses people like Steve of being a Democrat plant, I think that's because Chad Bianco is a Democrat plant. I don't think he started as a Democrat plant. I think somewhere along the way someone saw the opportunity to cause a rift between the only two viable Republicans in this race and handed him some money. My spidey senses tell me that someone is Tom Steyer. But I think that Bianco is projecting. The Democrat plant is him at this point, and if you support him, you're supporting Democrat chaos. If you look at the polls, which are really the only thing we have to go on when it comes to the temperature of this race, there, there's nothing. It would have to be an absolute miracle for Bianco, even with the shenanigans of polling in California. There would have to be an absolute miracle for him to catapult 3 other people to make it to the top 2. It's an impossibility. And to everybody, including some of my friends out there whom I respect deeply, for everybody out there who was pushing the idea of a top 2 Republican primary while Steve was surging and while Chad was dropping, you were pushing that. Some of you are, are leaders in the community, you're leaders in the Republican Party, and you were pushing that. Shame on you. You're part of the problem. And if we split this vote and we don't get one Republican in, I'm blaming you too, because now's the time for leadership, not cowardice. And frankly, I think the entire California GOP, from the state to the county parties, have exhibited extraordinary cowardice in this, in this election. Now, there are some county parties who have chosen to endorse, you know, good for you. I think that's the right thing to do. I think because we have to look at this as what we're up against, and we're up against an enemy who has set up a jungle primary that is specifically engineered to disadvantage Republicans. And the only way for Republicans to beat it is to do what they don't expect us to do, and that's unite. And intelligent party leaders would know that, and they would ask us to unite. No offense to some of my friends who are party leaders out there, but I do think that this is a time for extraordinary courage. And it's not that courageous actually to just as a party take a stand and say, "We're gonna drop an endorsement here 'cause we have to do the thing that's never been done." That's not, I don't even think that's that courageous, but I do think it's leadership. And we need people who are willing to take a risk and say, "Yeah, I'm willing to take a risk and come down on one side or the other here because we have to win.". And there were a lot of party leaders out there who were doing the opposite. Some, some were just staying quiet, right? Like, hey, this is the state party line. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna break it. But some were actively encouraging, no, we don't, we, you can't, Kira. Some were scolding me, Kira, you can't, you know, it's wrong for you to advocate for Steve. We should be advocating for both. No, I knew the math. And I told you this was the math. I did. Kira Davis did. Remember my name and remember that I called it. Because here we are and there's no possibility. You've wasted a lot of time, effort, and social media real estate pushing a fantasy when you're a leader in the party and you should be leading. So I, I think it's coward— I think it's cowardly for people not to come down on one side or the other in this race of— in this year of all years. I think it's cowardly. I think it's soft. I do, um, and I don't have respect for it. And I know I'm talking to people that are— that I will call friends, and maybe we'll see each other at a party and they'll give me a piece of their minds, but I just— I have no respect for it because I know where we're at in this state and I know what we're up against. I felt like you did too. The math was never there. It was never there. And I'm not even really good at math, and even I knew that from the start. But to me I was, I think I was convinced of this when, um, I was convinced that Bianco could not and should not win. Earlier I have been saying, hey, I, I think Chad's a good guy, but he's just, he's not surging. We just got to make the right choice. But when I went to California, uh, GOP convention, and I think I talked about this a little bit, and I saw how mean most of the Bianco crowd was— not everybody, obviously, but most of them, they were mean— and it was something that people were talking about. At the conference. Like, one of these people are mean and, and kind of rude, and they're very blue. And a lot of— there was just— but the Hilton side, there was a lot of joy, there was a lot of happiness, there was a lot of fun. And, um, besides pointing out Chad's record, Steve Hilton has never come for Chad personally. Never. He's never said anything personal about him, his wife, his personality. Like, he's never said that. He has said, I have a problem with Chad kneeling for BLM, I have a problem with Chad saying that he wants some kind of amnesty. That's it. But on Chad's side, it was the opposite. And that's when I knew, that's when I knew that I— if, if there ever was, you know, if I was ever waffling, just— I think this is a good sign in any political campaign. Where's the joy? Where is the joy? And you can even go back to the Obama-McCain era. Um, listen, I couldn't stand Obama, never had any intention of voting for him. I knew who he was right from the start, as many of you did. But there, in that campaign cycle, there was a lot more joy in that campaign. There was a lot more excitement. There was a lot more positivity. I felt it was false positivity, but there was a lot more of that, and he won. And when it came to Trump, it was the same thing with Hillary, and when he— and when he was running against, um, in, in running in '24. 2020 was his own thing, we don't count that, it wasn't even a real election, uh, but there was so much joy, comedy, positivity, happiness. The left tried to paint it as angst and fear, but it wasn't really like that. And he won. And I think that is a really good barometer. If you're confused, if you feel like you're on the edge of who do I vote for, this candidate or that, you should look for where the joy is in the campaign. And at the California GOP convention, that's how I felt. And it wasn't just me being biased. A lot of people said that. So there is, to me, I realize there is something wrong with the Bianco campaign. It's not just, hey, this is a good guy fighting for California the way everyone else is too. And that post was a post of a child, not somebody who is running to be the leader of this state. That post told that this is not a guy that I would want in Sacramento. This is not a guy I can't depend on his temperament. I don't think he's taking this seriously. I don't think he's taking the fear of Californians seriously. And I bet if someone were to do a deep dive into his records, and somebody may yet, we might see some anomalies in there because it makes absolutely no sense why, if you cared about California, You would stay in the race. No, you're polling in 4th place. And not only that, he has spent the last 2 weeks campaigning against Steve. Not campaigning against Democrats, not campaigning against Tom Steyer or Becerra. He might have 1 or 2 social media posts about that. He's been campaigning against the only other Republican in the race. So even Chad doesn't want a top 2 Republican finish. That's not somebody who's on our side. That's not somebody who I want to send to Sacramento as a Republican leader, as a Republican representative. Can't trust that person. I felt that way when I saw the BLM kneeling video, which for a long time I accepted his explanation on that too. Where he was like, well, I was just praying. Uh, okay. Um, I thought, okay, well, sure, he was praying and he was talking, he was trying to keep the peace. Got it. I did not watch this. I did not listen to the sound of that video for a whole year. I didn't listen to it. I only ever watched it. I did not listen to it. When I listened to it, it changed everything for me. He was not kneeling to pray. He was following orders. There were people shouting at him to take the knee, to take the knee, not pray with us, not meditate with us, not embrace us, take the knee. That's someone asking you to bow to them. And he did it. And it made me think, and that's when I heard those words and those shouts, I thought, oh no, I don't want this guy in Sacramento because Who will he take the knee for there? And there's going to be so much pressure, so much pressure. It's not going to be a cakewalk. We're not going to get a Republican governor and then, woof, you know, all bets are off, now we can finally go about fixing this place. It's going to be fight after fight after fight. And that's why I think when, when Steve Hilton gets there, he's going to be the right man for the job because he is going to fight because he's been through a fight every step of this of this battle. Every step of the way has been a fight. All right, let's see. I want to make sure. We're just waiting on Herb Morgan to pop in here. He should be here shortly. Um, Herb for controller. He's running on the golden ticket as well. Um, but yeah, I just think that I, I don't think he has the temperament for it. I don't. And the way he's behaving in these final days, again, he's going after the— he spent his entire time going after the only Republican. Steve's been on the trail doing town halls, uh, doing debates. Coming out with oppo research on Becerra, on Steyer. He's been, you know, talking about California, California's problems. And Bianco has only been talking about Steve, the only other Republican in the race who is endorsed by Donald Trump, who's the leader of our party and the president of the United States and the leader of the free world. Who just went 31 for 31 in primary endorsements, or 32 for 32 in primary endorsements, and Charlie Kirk, who we have since his death sainted. Some of the same people here in Orange County— it's bizarre— some of the same people who have, who have, they have monuments to Charlie Kirk, they have scholarships to Charlie Kirk, they invoke Charlie's name every time they meet. They talk about Charlie, have pictures of Charlie at every meeting. I know, I go to those meetings. He endorsed Steve. He endorsed Steve. And those people are still like, oh no, well, he just— he didn't know what he was doing. Trump doesn't know what he was doing. Maybe you don't know what you're doing, but that to me, that's cult-like behavior. To me, that's a cult, a cultish devotion. Not saying you can't like the guy. I've heard from many, many people over the last few days who have said You know what? I do like Chad. I want to vote for Chad. Chad's my pick, but I'm looking at the numbers and I'm looking at the reality and I just don't think he can do it at this point. I'm voting Hilton. There are quite a few people out there who are doing that. But I think if you're at this point, if you're saying, nah, I'm just, I'm voting for Chad. I don't care what Trump said. Yeah. I know that Trump is, you know, the greatest president we've ever had. But I'm not going to listen to him this time. And I know he just won 32 primaries, but I'm not going to listen to him this time. And yeah, I know I talk about Charlie Kirk all day long, like people— I talk to people in Orange County who have never met Charlie Kirk, don't know Charlie Kirk. I knew Charlie. I knew Charlie personally, and I can tell them, yeah, I knew Charlie personally, and he did not support Chad Bianco. He supported Steve Hilton. Now, still doesn't matter. That's a cult. That's a cult. So I think at this point, if you are concerned about California, um, then you have to vote for Hilton. You have to. We just— not only does it change the trajectory of every other race on the ballot and every ballot measure we've got coming up in November, it could change the trajectory of America, period. Herb hasn't checked in yet, Steve. I mean Scott, just call him Steve. No, I haven't heard from him. Let's see, let me check my emails. Let's see if he emailed. We keep having, um, technical issues with this platform, so Just wanted to make sure he's not like lost in no man's land. Nope. Okay. I'm just gonna keep going then. We'll, we'll see. Maybe he forgot. Let's do number 3, Scott. Let's, uh, go to clip 3 on here. I want to talk a little bit while we wait for her. We'll see. He might got— this is like if you're a candidate in California, these— this is when you're just, you're knocking on doors, you're going to every last minute meeting, you're making— you're going phone banking, you're doing all that stuff. So I'm sure Herb is doing that. He knows we love him. All right, so here's a story that has been covered quite a bit today. Um, mail-in ballots in LA are being found burned and a voting center vandalized with just one day until Spencer Pratt's potential for an upset win. What a coincidence, Pratt needs to win this. This is Eric Daughtry. On X. This is why mass mail-ins must be banned. We need to pass the SAVE Act. Yes, absolutely. This is why mass mail-ins need to be, need to be banned. We saw this in '24 and in '22, and in 2022 and 2024, here in my neck of the woods, we had a rash— isn't this funny— right around election time. Of mail-in, of mailbox thefts, mailbox thefts. And people were returning their ballots through the USPS, which you can do, which is ridiculous. Or not only that, they, but they were getting their ballots. So those ballots were being stolen. This is the problem with the ballot boxes. And I Tried to explain this with reason on my old show in which I reasoned through things. Just listen to yourself. You can find the archives on my YouTube channel, Kira, just Kira Davis. But I tried to reason through this when a lot of the lefties were like, you're just, you're a fascist for not wanting to expand voting rights. No, you don't know what happens to those ballots. When you drop your ballot in that ballot box, you are making a whole series of assumptions. It's not like going to the vote center yourself where you, you drop the ballot yourself. And here in California, oh, let me address this too, because President Trump's been getting a little bit of grief over this, where he told Lara Trump on an interview that California doesn't even have real vote centers. We don't have vote machines. And they jumped all over him. That's not true. We do. But it was kind of true. He knew what he was talking about. It was just expressed in Trump's way. We don't have the— when you think about going to the ballot box and anywhere else in this country, you're thinking about going to an electronic machine and pressing the buttons on the machine to choose your candidates, to choose who you want. And then the machine tabulates it electronically, transmits that single signal, and then gives you a printout of what you voted on. That's what you're thinking. That's not how it works in California anymore. It's all mail-in ballot. For intents and purposes, it is all mail-in ballot. You take your— you get— everyone gets a ballot in the mail. Everybody gets a ballot in the mail. You, you can take your ballot down to the vote center if you want. If you don't want to drop it in a box, you can fill it out there, but then you either drop it in a box at the vote center, or you can go scan it, which is what a voting booth is. It's a booth that has a scanner and you just scan it, or it's a booth that has curtains so you can fill out your ballot while you're there, but it still goes into the scanner and you're still filling it out by hand. So President Trump wasn't wrong. Now look at these, these ballot boxes. They are unmanned. And in Los Angeles, of all places, you know, I live in the cozy suburbs of Orange County. There's a couple of ballot boxes around my neighborhood. They're pretty safe. But in Los Angeles, where it's the Night of the Living Dead every day— zombies, drug dealers, random fires— You know, the fire department is understaffed by something like 30%. Police don't come. Like, it's just ridiculous. And what do you know, what are people putting in there? You know, you can put anything in there, which clearly you can. You can put something that's on fire in those boxes. But not only that, someone comes and takes the ballots out of the boxes. Who, who is that? Do you know who that is? You don't know who that is. And where do they go? Do they go into a truck that's locked, that's guarded like the Brinks truck? No, you— but you don't— I know you don't know. You can actually walk— you can actually scope out one of those things and watch. A lot of times it's some rando in a 20-year-old car and they put the ballots in the back of their trunk. That's not, you know, a very intelligent chain of custody. Where do they go when that person puts the ballots in their trunk? Then where do they— you— my point is this: you don't know. So don't tell me that all the ballots are safe, that it's fine, it's, it's a safe process. You don't know where they go. You don't know the chain of custody. On these things and you don't know what people put into the boxes. You can pour acid in. I mean, it's just ridiculous. We absolutely should not have anything to do with this type of mail-in system. And, you know, talking about this is how much on the ropes Democrats are here. First of all, they— we have had this uniparty for so long. We have had one-party rule for so long that California Democrats now think they're entitled. Entitled to one-party rule. In fact, Americans think they're entitled to have California be a Democrat state. And our governor has said, oh, we're— we have options to make sure no Republicans get into the top two. Why would you say that? As, as the chief liberty officer in your state, why would you say that? That's not the point. Isn't the point to make sure that you get the best person elected for the people. Now, I understand you're the leader of your party, the leader of the Democrat Party. You want Democrats to win, but to suggest that you have a break glass option, which means you're going to use your authority as the governor of the state to put your thumb on the scale, it should chill everybody. But they, they think they're so entitled. And, uh, so we've been trying to figure out what is this break glass option. I think one of the break glass options is Chad Bianco. Again, I do think— I think there's a lot of projection there, and I think if we dig in there, we're going to see Chad getting some payments from some weird places to stay in this race. So I think he's one of their break glass options, but I think the other break glass option is this law that Gavin Newsom signed, which I don't think is going to do much, but it's a sign of where they're at. Mentally. Let's go to— this is number 4. This article. I'm filling in for Dr. Drew, everybody, on Thursday, right? On the 4th. That's why my phone is buzzing. Producers getting guests ready. But I love filling in for the Dr. Drew Show. So if you love Dr. Ask Dr. Drew live, Tune in on the 4th. I'll be there. We're just getting our guests ready. Okay. Newsom signs California election law before Tuesday primary aiming to block federal interference. Governor Gavin Newsom signed legislation Wednesday that aims to shield California elections from federal interference, saying he expected President Donald Trump's administration to try to meddle in the midterms this year. The law, which took effect immediately and came days before next Tuesday's primary, prohibits any person, including federal agents, from accessing voter rolls or election technology without a court order. Why would you— again, they— it— these are all— it's the same thing with the Nick Shirley Act and the stupid secret tunnel that they're building under the Capitol. It's all anti-transparency. The whole goal is to make it harder for you to find out what is really going on and to ask questions. Law enforcement officers are restricted from disrupting election workers except in public safety emergencies. All right, two things about this. First of all, I think that this is absolutely his break glass moment. Uh, it's a response to how well Republicans are doing, but furthermore, it's a response to what they intend to do, right? Which is cheat. They intend to cheat and Trump's doing what he can from his federal perch. He can't do a ton of stuff because of states' rights, but in midterm elections, in federal elections, he does have purview. And by the way, think about what Trump did. He, he, I haven't seen any, any indication that ICE is going to be at the polls, but why shouldn't they be? Who cares? With ICE, ICE, they don't, they don't run the polls. They don't run elections. Why would you care if ICE is standing nearby? At a vote center? Why would you care? I'll tell you why I care. I, I figured this out a few years ago when I went to school board meeting in Santa Ana, invited by my friend Brenda Lebsack, to see the incredibly, uh, disgusting, disgusting LGBTQ and CRT stuff they have going on in Santa Ana School District. She— they were voicing the trans agenda. This was years ago now. They lost. We all lost that fight, but They're forcing the trans agenda into Santa Ana Unified. Well, Santa Ana Unified is something like 60% immigrant, illegal immigrant really. And so large Hispanic population, but those people are also Catholics. They didn't want it. Brenda invited me to go cover this. I went and covered it. And guess what the school board did? They invited immigration enforcement and police to come and hang out in the parking lot. And what were, what were they there for? They were there to intimidate the illegals who were going to show up to speak up for their children and speak up against this horrible agenda. So they knew that that would be an intimidating factor for those, quote, voters. That's what they're doing now. They know that their voters are going to show up, their illegal voters are going to show up at the polls, and, um, and they know that just having ICE present is going to be an intimidation. Why would we care? Why would I care if ICE is standing on the street corner nearby a vote center? Why would I care? What can they do? They don't count votes. They don't take votes. The ICE has never taken votes. ICE has never seized a vote. Why would Gavin Newsom need to make a law like that? First of all, it's for show, all right? I don't think it has any teeth at all. I don't know how you would enforce it. I don't know how you would even know what federal agents are around unless the feds coordinated with you. And it doesn't speak to what Trump was saying he was going to do anyway, which was just post agents there to catch illegals. So why would you care if federal agents are at the ballot box if you don't have any intentions of cheating? Because it's not— federal agents aren't officers. There's no case which federal agents are walking off with ballots from the ballot box. There's no case of that. It doesn't work like that. Why would they be worried about the feds looking at our voter rolls? What could they possibly be worried about if our voter rolls are fine? Why would they be worried about the feds doing a recount in a federal election? By the way, they absolutely do have the right to do that. So I don't think this law has any teeth. Second of all, if this is his break glass option, then, um, I don't know, I'm encouraged. I'm encouraged by that. And, uh, third of all, isn't it interesting that the law went into effect immediately? Immediately, just like Prop 50 went into effect immediately. But Prop 36, which we voted for, still has yet to be implemented. Prop 36 is what rolled back Prop 47 and, um, all of the other ridiculous, uh, crime reduction bills that just increased crime and chaos in our streets and is the reason Spencer Pratt is winning right now. Prop 36, we voted for over a year ago, and, and they haven't funded it and they haven't implemented it. But when they want— when it's a law to thwart honest elections, to thwart the people, or to tax the people it goes into effect right away. The high-speed rail has been 14 years, 15, 16 years in the making. 16 years in the making, high-speed rail. We voted for extra reservoirs 12 years ago. We don't have the extra reservoirs. We voted for desalinization in some parts. We don't have any desalinization plants. We've all this— we vote. Oh, you want to know what else we voted for in this state? The death penalty. 3 times. We voted for it the original time, which I think was in the early '90s. We voted for it to be strengthened in 20 2016 or 2018, we voted for it to be strengthened. We wanted it to have more teeth. And then we voted to make the appeals time lower. We voted to shorten the appeals time and shorten the amount of time that a prisoner can spend on death row, basically to speed up the process. We voted to speed up the process. We do not have the death penalty. We voted for it 3 times. We don't have one. Why? Because the governor decided that the will of the people didn't matter, and he, he made it null and void. See, when, when they want to get something done, they do it. But when they tell you— when, when you say, why is my kid's school full of rapists? And like, and some of those rapists are teachers and illegal immigrant students who can't speak English, and The trans agenda is sitting on top of my kid every day and it's chaos and no one can read or write or do math. And, and you say, why, you know, why do I have to put up with this every time? And what do they tell you? What do the unions tell you? What does Governor Newsom tell you? What are— what do Democrats tell you every time? They tell you, well, we just, we need more money. You gotta wait. I've got a 10-year plan. I've got a 5-year plan. They can do whatever they want overnight. We can do whatever we want overnight. You all understand me? We have normalized this idea of we can only do so much, the process is slow. First of all, in Congress, the process is slow. I say this a lot. It's supposed to be slow. It's supposed to be gridlock. We're not supposed to let those people do what they want to do quickly. We have a legislature in California that does that, right? When they want to move quick, they move quick, and it crushes us. When they want to move slow, they move super slow, and it crushes us. They can control the pace at which they work, and they do. Like, we do not have to tolerate it. We do not have to assume that it is just like this, that it's a difficult process, that it— oh, it's just gridlock. No, things can change overnight if we have the right leaders. We can have change and we can have it really quickly here if you vote for the right people. And that's why it counts. That's why it matters that, um, our party leaders are brave and have courage and have the courage of convictions. And I don't feel like the California GOP has— and again, I feel bad because I, I am friends with a lot of these people, but I just, I have to call a spade a spade. I don't feel like, for all intents and purposes, the California GOP has the stones that is needed to change things. Because leaders can— a real leader can change things overnight, and people will follow a leader. And the California The GOP keeps waiting for the followers to lead, and that's not how it works. The followers need a leader. We need people who are going to stand up and say, this, not that, there, not here, up, not down. And I'm standing on that, and I'm— and it is a risk. It's a risk. That's the other thing. Leaders take risks. It's a risk. We need leaders who are willing to take risks. Look at the Trump campaign. His entire campaign was one big risk-taking venture, and that's what we need— people who are ready to think big and to take risks, and who are, who are ready to stand and say, I'm not going any further, no more. I feel like people should be angrier, people should be more resolute, people should be more determined. People should be taking more— this more seriously than they are. And we need voices who are strong and unafraid, unafraid to be insulted or disliked, but also unafraid to fly in the face of conventional wisdom and say, yeah, I can be who I am. Like, I can be a conservative and win. I can be anti-abortion and win. You know, I can believe that California can do— make an incredible turnaround. We can, we can ban Islam, we can ban abortion, we can do all of those things. We can do anything we want to do if we have the right leaders, if we have the leaders who are willing to speak with conviction and take the risk to speak up even when it's not popular. And to make a choice. And right now, the California GOP is not making choices. They are hanging back and they're waiting to see what the electorate does, and that's not how it goes. The electorate will follow a strong leader, and we need more strong leaders. I believe Steve Hilton is a great leader, and he's going to be a strong leader for California, and I look forward to seeing him in Sacramento. I think Spencer Pratt is going to be a great leader. He's already a great leader. He's already shown us that if you're willing to be honest and speak common sense and offer people hope, that things can change. Uh, we've got one day, people. We've got one day left. So if you Republican voter, we still have 4 million Republicans that have not voted in this state. So today you have, you still have time to look around and say, what do I care about more? Do I care about the future of this state? Or, and do I care about how we win the future? Do I care about being a leader and a risk taker? Or do I just care about being right? And I just wanted to be right about this guy and I'm going to go down with that sinking ship. Not— I mean, not to insult you, but at this point, I just, I think if you're voting for Bianco, that's the insult. That's insulting to California. And believe me, I will be saying this very same thing if the tables were turned and Steve were polling at the bottom. I would be saying the same thing, but that's not how it's going. And so I, you have a choice tomorrow to join this revolution and to be one of the people who, who will be able to stand up and say, yeah, I voted for change and we won. And I'm proud. I'm proud that I can say I was one of the people that brought California back, that took the risk. You have one chance to do this. We have one chance to do this. It's not about your pride, it's not about your ego, and it is about your principles. I'm not telling you to forego your principles. I think anybody who is saying she's telling me to let go of my principle— no, no, I'm not. And I think that's a very unprincipled response, right? Because I'm a conservative and I'm as hard right as they come, by the way. Go look at my X feed. I'm as hard right as they come. I'm a conservative and I don't back down on my principles. But you know what one of my principles is? Winning. And I think for a long time conservatives in this country have gotten, we've gotten used to losing. And we look at a guy like Trump and we say, well, he's an anomaly, you know, but when Trump's gone, we'll go back to losing. When Trump's gone, MAGA will ascend. Right now, Trump is MAGA, but I think MAGA is America. And I think it's going to become what we define as Americanism, MAGA. And, um, you get to say that you were a part of that revolution. And you don't have to be a loser. You don't— we don't have to be the professional opposition. We can be the leaders even in this state, and this state can change. Yes, overnight it can change. Yes, overnight. I'm going to say it again. This state can change overnight. It is possible. We can change everything. We have to start tomorrow. You have to go vote for Steve Hilton. If your principles are a better California, boys out of girls' sports, a tightened border, lower taxes, low gas. If your principles are family, state, and country first, then you can vote for Steve Hilton because those— that's everything that he's fighting for, and he's taking the golden ticket with him. And what is, what is Chad Bianco doing in his, his final moments? He's, he's choosing to fight the lead Republican instead of saying, hey, let's do this together. Let's get into the— even that's a pipe dream, but at least you could spin it that way. Hey, Steve, I know you think you're winning, but I don't believe the polls. Let's do this together. Let's campaign together. Let's put, you know, there's nothing positive coming out of there. So I just think if you're voting for Chappie Yunkel right now, it's 'cause you hate California. You're mad at California and you wanna prove a point. But if you're like me and you love California and you want— and you believe that the future of California is ours for the taking, then vote Hilton tomorrow. Vote for the entire Golden Ticket and let's get this show on the road. And let's see. Let's see how quickly— and by the way, we don't— I don't know what Spencer is going to do tomorrow. He's out there saying he thinks he can get 50+1 of the vote. And you know what? It's the golden era. And I'm not, I'm not going to say no. I'm not going to say it can't happen because from what I have seen of Spencer Pratt, it's not even just him, but like all the stars are aligned. Like, look how awful his opponents are. He, he posted the other day, it was like, I don't even have to make campaign ads anymore because Karen Bass's ads sound like pro-Spencer Pratt ads, and they do. Like, everything Nithya Raman and Karen Bass, everything they post, it just looks so dark and ridiculous. It looks like a Spencer Pratt post. Like, look how— look what these people are running on. Can you believe it? But it's actually serious. And yes, there's a lot of uninformed voters in LA, and there's a lot of cheating. But this could be too big to rig. And that's what this whole thing needs to be. That's why, Bianco supporters, we need you to be reasonable about this vote. It's not just about who you like better. We need to make it too big to rig. The system can be defeated. We proved it in '24. And I think Trump is right when he said he won California. I think he did win California. I think that, I think that will come out in the wash eventually. I really do. But, uh, that being said, I think this whole thing has to be too big to rig. Democrats are not going to give this up easily. Again, this is what I said from the start. The idea that you would have two Republicans in the top two was a pipe dream. You don't know California Democrats. They own the apparatus of every electoral system machine. In this state. How would they let two Republicans get to the top two? Impossible. You were foolish to ever think it. But, but some of us have understood from the start, and we've been telling you the truth from the start. And so you can believe us, and you can believe me. You can still believe me. We can do this. We can do this. Spencer Pratt can win in LA. Steve Hilton can win governor. Michael Gayes can win attorney general. Gloria Romero can win Lieutenant Governor. Herb Morgan, who— Herb, maybe he forgot, but Godspeed to you, Herb. I'll see you tomorrow night. Uh, Herb can be the Controller. Stacey Korsgarten can be Insurance Commissioner. Sonia Shah, she's not on the Golden Ticket, but she can be Superintendent of Schools if you vote and you believe in what the leaders are telling you. And the leaders are telling you It's time to get going. Like, this is our time. It's the golden— I said this to Steve recently. I said, we're in, we're living in the golden age now. Trump, Trump dubbed it the golden age when he took office, and I believe he is absolutely right. That's why we're doing MMA on the White House lawns, why we're getting a new ballroom, why DC's getting cleaned up. It's why everything looks iffy right now on the international scene. We're entering the golden age. We are. We have not quite hit it yet. I think we're going to hit it after July 4th. Forth. That's what I think. I think we're about to go into overdrive. We're in the Golden Age right now. I feel like America can't lose, and to me that means California can't lose. If there was ever a time for the golden ticket, it's in the Golden Age. And I just have a feeling that we are on the precipice of something really, really big. And if you follow me into this precipice, I promise you we will get to that promised land. Ladies and gentlemen, we do live in the promised land. We already live in the promised land. We have just let others co-opt that promise, but we can take it back. We can, we can start tomorrow. Start there with me. All right. Make sure you get your ballots in, walk them into the vote center yourself. Vote centers are open. I suggest you go in today and do that rather than wait for tomorrow and then get caught up in those long lines, especially if you're in Los Angeles. You should vote early because I think Los Angeles lines are going to be very long. And we'll see, we'll see if any of Newsom's break glass options have, uh, any impact. All right, everybody, follow us everywhere. Um, I'll be hosting Dr. Drew on the 4th this week. I think it's Thursday. You can tune in for that. Um, and then tomorrow is Election Day, and I will be doing— oh, I'll be doing Katie Pavlich tonight on NewsNation. I'll be on with Katie Pavlich. Uh, tomorrow I'll be on Newsmax with Kelly Sadler. We'll also be broadcasting here. And then tomorrow I'll try— I'll be, um, at the Hilton watch party, at the Hilton campaign party. I hope it's a victory celebration, at least victory part one. And prayers up if you're praying. If you're a praying person, shout out to you and go ahead and pray. Pray for us because we have a lot of work to do, and I think we have a lot further to go than even in November in order to receive all of God's blessings for this state. I believe that, but that's another story for another day. I have some ideas about how we can really become the greatest state in the union and maybe in the world. I have some ideas, but those are for another day and another show. I'm Kira Davis. This has been The Orange Report. We'll catch you on the flip side. Don't forget Sunlight is the best disinfectant. So bring on the sunshine. Too big to rig."

## Full Transcript

[00:07] **Speaker A:** Welcome to another episode of The Orange Report with Kira Davis. I am your host, Kira Davis, bringing you all the news and views you can use from around California, Orange County, and America, because California news is Orange County news. It's fine. Let's just keep going. Um, as I was saying, we lost my mother. If it feels like it's a little confused this morning, it is because we lost my mother-in-law this past week and we're all just sort of reeling and trying to get back into go mode. Um, but I just wanted to remember my mother-in-law Faith Davis this morning. And, uh, she was a wonderful woman. Um, a wonderful mother-in-law, the best. Mother-in-law I think a wife could ask for and, um, was very dearly loved by her family and her husband of 65 years, Victor. So you can pray for, um, my father-in-law Victor. You can pray for our family. We are going to have a memorial in a couple of weeks, and we're doing it in a couple of different places because they were snowbirds. They transplanted out west, um, from the Midwest. And so we're going to make sure everybody has, the opportunity to remember her and memorialize her. And, um, I just want to say that she's an example, I think, of what a mother-in-law should be, and that is embracing and open and understanding that when your child leaves the nest, they're, they're going to their own family. They're, they're not necessarily adding to yours, but they are starting their own. And if you have open heart and open mind, you You can add a new family, and that's how she was for me when we first married. I remember she told me, 'cause I lived right down the street from her, I mean, on the other side of the block. And she said, "Look, this is, I want you to know this is your family now. This is your home, this is your husband, and I'm gonna respect that. I'm not just gonna drop by or, you know, or just be out of pocket with you. I want you to know that this is your home, and I'm gonna respect that." And she always did. But she was always there for advice and comfort and encouragement. She taught me a lot about being a wife. I didn't really have an example growing up, um, you know, I'm a child of divorce and, um, uh, abusive childhood, and, uh, I didn't really have those examples. I was not raised in a Christian home, and she taught me the value of, of keeping a home, of staying home for your children. Um, she always encouraged me to do that, and I'm so glad she encouraged me to do that because other people in my life were not encouraging me to do that. And she always said that this is the biggest blessing that you could ever have, is to be a mom, and, um, you have to take that seriously. And so I, I will miss her. Today is not our memorial show. Maybe I'll do something on my Substack just to have a place to talk about her because she was a wonderful woman and Gonna miss her very much. I miss her very much already. But we have some other business to get to today, and she would want us to get about our business. She is doing kingdom business right now. She's not— she's not sad. She's not wanting for anything anymore, and she's not missing anyone anymore. She is doing kingdom business. So let's do our earthly business today. We— this is primary election eve, everybody. June 1st in California.. And, um, we are— I mean, I guess it's June 1st everywhere, but in California our primaries are tomorrow. And I know you've been hearing about them because it's all anyone is talking about these days. Now granted, I have been off the grid for about the last week as we go through this process of grief, so there's a lot of news that has escaped me. Please bear with me. Even you saw we were like a little bit jittery getting online this morning. We're just getting things back together. So if it seems like I'm— I've got some gaps in my, um, in my news knowledge, you know, my current news knowledge, that's just because I've been grieving this week. So, uh, again, just I'll take your grace if you would offer that. But I know that you have been hearing about the California elections, and tomorrow night is going to be a big night for us. We have got The two big races everyone is looking at is the race for governor and the race for LA mayor with Spencer Pratt. And I want to talk first, we're going to— Herb Morgan is running on the Golden Ticket here in California. That's Steve Hilton's ticket. And he's going to join us at 10:30 to— he's, he's got 20 minutes for us. Herb is doing all the last minute um, campaigning. Herb is running for State Controller. I've talked about that office a lot. I also had Stacy Coorsgarden on. She is running for Insurance Commissioner. And I wanted to have those two on specifically because they are offices that a lot of people don't think about, they don't know about. And I'm going to be totally honest with you, until this election cycle, I barely paid attention to those offices. And you know what made me pay attention to them? Steve's golden ticket. Which I think is rather brilliant. The idea that no, we need to send a team to Sacramento. We need to run as a team, just the way that Trump ran that coalition. Steve thought a coalition would be great for California. I think it's been a fantastic way to get out the vote for all of these offices because Californians are lazy voters. Even the conservative voters often are lazy and will come out for big things. Big-ticket items, you know, like voter ID or the gas tax or governor. But a lot of people will skip those other offices on the ballot, or they will just pick a name that they've heard before. They won't do any research. I want to reiterate this. I say this often. I want to say it again. Your ballot is not a multiple-choice questionnaire. You can skip any of the offices that you like. You can skip any of the questions that you like. You don't have to choose if you don't know the office. I guess I had a lot of grief. I put this on X, and then people were like, oh, Kira, why don't you tell people to educate themselves? Well, duh, obviously you should educate yourself, but a lot of people don't. And I'm not— I, I don't think that one social media post is going to change a person's entire lifestyle, but a lot of people might feel like, oh, okay, I actually don't have to fill all of these things out, and I can just skip it, because every— you It's such a chaos— chaotic disruptor for people to just choose who they're voting for, for based on a name. During COVID when we had elections, we, we vote for a lot of judges, and there were people who were voting just by name recognition. And it turns out some of those judges won their races by a dozen votes, two dozen votes, less than 100 votes. I heard of one uh, one race, I think it was in South Carolina, where a judge won by 2 votes. So, and as it turned out, some of those judges were the very ones who were ruling to keep the schools closed, uh, ruling for mask mandates, vax mandates, all of that stuff. So there were conservatives voting for those people because they were being lazy voters. They just were like, I gotta pick someone, this looks like a good name. There are people out there who do all the research on judges and all of that stuff. You can go look that up. But if you don't know, just don't vote for that name. Just skip over it. That's fine. That's fine. If all you want to vote for is governor, governor, I encourage you to vote all the way down the ticket. You should. But if all you're going to vote for is governor, then don't feel like you have to fill out the rest of the ticket just because you think you're going to lose points or something. You don't lose any points. So don't fill out an office that you're not sure of. In California, that's not helpful. It's not helpful. And you, a lot of times you could be voting because we don't have the names. You know, these are nonpartisan elections. We don't have the letters after the names in a lot of these cases. So it's not enough just to say like, I like this name. But Steve Hilton is, we, It's getting tight, it's getting tight. And, um, there are 3 at the top here in the polling. That's, uh, Javier Becerra— I also want to say Xavier— José Becerra, uh, Tom Steyer, who has just bought himself into the top 3. It's just incredible. It just goes to show you money does make a difference. It doesn't make the ultimate difference, I don't think, but it does make a difference. And then there's Steve Hilton. Now Steve's been consistently in the top 2 since this all started. And yesterday the poll came— a poll came out, an Emerson poll, final Emerson poll, had him sitting tied with Steyer basically for third, just a little bit below Steyer. I actually think— don't think that that's the purest poll, but I think it's, it's the best poll you're going to get from Emerson at this point. There's— it's not worth polling anymore. And you have to understand that polls take days and sometimes weeks, a week or more to tabulate. And so that polling is not based— and this race has been changing day to day, and that polling is not based on the changes that have been happening day to day in the news cycle in California. So it's— there's about a week lag on that poll. So it might be a little bit different. Steve might have popped back into that top 2. And of course, these are just polls. Polls are not votes. We understand this. But let's talk about this for a minute, because the Bianco crowd is out there Or, and Bianco himself, Sheriff Bianco, they are saying you can't believe the polls at all, that the polls are, um, that they are inaccurate. And somebody posted this morning, um, oh yeah, I, I believe these polls about as much as I believe this poll. And they posted a picture of Hillary and Trump from 2016, where one of the polls said she has a 91% chance of winning. And look, dude, I get it. Like, I get it. I don't fully believe the polls either. There's a lot of shenanigans and there's a lot of different factors in the polling. But I don't think it behooves us to point to a 10-year-old polling failure. We've come a long way since then. In a race from 2016. And anyway, you guys hate Trump because he endorsed Steve. This is the other thing that I don't understand about the Bianco crowd. Um, I think it's a cult at this point. I will say that I've held my fire, uh, about how I feel personally about all of this because I have a lot of friends who are Bianco voters. I don't think those friends are stupid, but I do think that they are misinformed. I really do. And I think that what— the same thing again, this is why right, left, Republican, Democrat, conservative, liberal— if you're not curious, it doesn't matter what your politics are, right? Right-wingers can be just as incurious and silly and stupid as left-wingers. The whole thing that's supposed to make us different is that we're more curious. But there are a lot of people on our side who aren't curious. They really just want to be like the, like the far left is. They just want to pick up an issue, pick a candidate, and then they will hang on to it with cult-like fanaticism. And that's who Bianco has turned out to be here in California. He's got this very hard-right base. I think it's very small, actually. I think it's a lot smaller than we even think. Especially these days. But, um, just the way that left-wingers will only watch CNN, M-Snow, or whatever they're calling themselves these days, and then, or just read the headlines on X and then call that the news, let that inform all their opinions. That's what Bianco voters are doing. They're, um, you know, I had a friend say the other day, I just find there's something unsettling about Steve Hilton. I just, there's something off about him. And I said, I, I said, yeah, I, I, I guess if all you were seeing about him was what's coming out of the Bianco camp, yeah, you would have questions about him. And that's of course what's been happening. And that's what the left does too. You know, it's, it's so funny. I was talking to my, uh, well, a family member the other day, and we were talking about— I texted about this Trump account because she has a young child at home. And I said, um, Hey, download the Trump Account app. Trump Accounts launched on July 4th. They match up to $5,000 a year in, um, investment— in investments. And every kid in America under the age of 18 is eligible for this. So kind of free money, seems like a great idea. If I had kids under 18, I'd be enrolling. And her response was twofold. One, she had never heard of it. She had never, she had never heard of it before, even though Trump's been talking about it for a year. It's been being covered for a year. Um, there was multiple stories even in the left-wing media when the Dells came out. Susan and— is it Robert Dell, um, or Bob Dell— came out and said, we're going to fund these Trump accounts, I think for 15 years or something, is pouring billions of personal dollars into it. We're gonna fund this. And it was a big deal, and even the left-wing media had stuff to say about it. But because her sources are so limited, she had not heard about it. And then the other response was, I don't know if I want to do this. How do I know he's just not going to take off with my money? He being Trump. And I realized that, you know, this is somebody who's completely siloed. They only have a small amount of information, and that informs everything else. And so even though there was this great opportunity, this person could only look at it with suspicion because they, they aren't curious enough to get the full spectrum. So they didn't even know that this was happening. And this is like a really big deal. That's a— it's a pretty big deal. And by the way, this isn't a stupid person. They didn't know that it wasn't happening, not because they're dumb, but because they have limited avenues of information coming in. And that's how I feel about the Bianco crowd. They have limited avenues. They've made themselves the left wing of the GOP, in my estimation. And they call themselves the most conservative, um, and the most right wing and the most principled. But yet the two of the biggest heroes in the conservative movement, Donald Trump and Charlie Kirk, have endorsed Steve Hilton. And the Bianco crowd are still like, Steve is a Democrat plant. Or I— listen, when Democrats lost everything in 2024 and they started talking about fascists and Nazis and all that stuff, Epstein and pedophiles, what did we say? We said that's projection. That's whatever they're accusing you of, that's what they're doing. And when they're doing it with such gusto, that is because They, they are projecting what's going on on their side of the fence, what's going on in their minds. They are projecting it onto you. Sometimes it's deliberate, right? It's distractions. But a lot of times, I would say most of the time, it's just that when you, um, you always point out the faults that you suffer from the most, right? And so you think as, as a left-winger, you would cheat and steal and lie and beat up people and hurt people to win elections because you think that's acceptable. So you think that your, quote, enemy feels that way about it too. That's how Bianco voters are. I think at this point, I think that they— that this is all projection, uh, and I'll prove it to you. This is— so Bianco has been facing multiple calls over the last two days to drop out. Steve Hilton has written several op-eds about it. He's done videos. A lot of the influencer class has been out there encouraging Bianco to drop. Even a lot of his more high-profile supporters have said, look, this is not about liking you or who you are. This is about the amount of time we have and the limited pool of votes we have to grab from. And who's polling? Chad's polling. You know, it doesn't matter if even if you think the polls are rigged. You have to take the— at least take the average of all the polls over the last year, and Chad's been in third and fourth consistently. Consistently. There's a couple of moments where he pushed into that top two, and then everyone was like, oh my God, can we get a top two Republican? No, we can't. That was never— that was always a fantasy. I remember that I told you that from the start. Remember that I, Kira Davis, told you that right at the start, that it is a mathematical impossibility. And a lot of you people called me sold out. A lot of you people said I'm a Democrat plant. Um, Chad's Camp has been accusing me of being a paid influencer. First of all, I'm not an influencer. I'm not an in— I'm an opinion journalist. I've been doing this job for almost 20 years now. I am not an influencer. I'm on social media and people follow me, but I am not an influencer. There is a job called influencer. That's not me. But second of all, I have never been paid one dime from any political campaign. Let alone the Hilton campaign. But I've never taken a dime from a political campaign to push a message, to endorse anyone, to make any posts. 2 years ago, Steve and I, who were friends, we met for breakfast 2 years ago and he picked up the tab for my breakfast. That's the first and only time any kind of compensation has exchanged hands between me and Steve Hilton. But the Bianco camp has been accusing every online personality who speaks up for Steve Hilton as being paid. And I think that's projection because I think Bianco's camp is throwing some money around because I can't make heads or tails of some of the people that he's got supporting him. A lot of them aren't even here. And that's not to say that that's necessary because this is California news, is national news. This is why I do this show, and lots of people are interested. But, um, a lot of the heavy hitters that he has speak on his behalf from outside the state. So let's go to number 2. Let's go to Bianco's post that he put up, uh, this morning. And if we thought that there was any chance for Chad to maybe come around and choose California over his own ego, this puts an end to it. Chad says it's clear that Steve Hilton supporter— now this is, I think this is a little pithy P-I-T-H-Y, pithy, in response to all of the— and it's been thousands now— of calls for him to drop out and endorse Steve in this last minute. It's clear that Steve Hilton supporters should unite and support me. While they're at it, Becerra, Steyer, Porter, Mahan, Thurmond, Villaraigosa supporters should vote for me too. So that's what he's post— that's what he posted in the last moments of this election. Nothing about California, nothing about what he wants to do for California, nothing about how, um, you know, passionate he feels about saving this state and how he'll do anything to save this state. Nothing about that. This is, this is a purely selfish tweet, and it made me realize that this man is all about himself. He really is. So that, that's when I decided this is all projection. So when he accuses people like me of being paid to support a good candidate, I think that's because he's probably paying people to support him. When he accuses people like Steve of being a Democrat plant, I think that's because Chad Bianco is a Democrat plant. I don't think he started as a Democrat plant. I think somewhere along the way someone saw the opportunity to cause a rift between the only two viable Republicans in this race and handed him some money. My spidey senses tell me that someone is Tom Steyer. But I think that Bianco is projecting. The Democrat plant is him at this point, and if you support him, you're supporting Democrat chaos. If you look at the polls, which are really the only thing we have to go on when it comes to the temperature of this race, there, there's nothing. It would have to be an absolute miracle for Bianco, even with the shenanigans of polling in California. There would have to be an absolute miracle for him to catapult 3 other people to make it to the top 2. It's an impossibility. And to everybody, including some of my friends out there whom I respect deeply, for everybody out there who was pushing the idea of a top 2 Republican primary while Steve was surging and while Chad was dropping, you were pushing that. Some of you are, are leaders in the community, you're leaders in the Republican Party, and you were pushing that. Shame on you. You're part of the problem. And if we split this vote and we don't get one Republican in, I'm blaming you too, because now's the time for leadership, not cowardice. And frankly, I think the entire California GOP, from the state to the county parties, have exhibited extraordinary cowardice in this, in this election. Now, there are some county parties who have chosen to endorse, you know, good for you. I think that's the right thing to do. I think because we have to look at this as what we're up against, and we're up against an enemy who has set up a jungle primary that is specifically engineered to disadvantage Republicans. And the only way for Republicans to beat it is to do what they don't expect us to do, and that's unite. And intelligent party leaders would know that, and they would ask us to unite. No offense to some of my friends who are party leaders out there, but I do think that this is a time for extraordinary courage. And it's not that courageous actually to just as a party take a stand and say, "We're gonna drop an endorsement here 'cause we have to do the thing that's never been done." That's not, I don't even think that's that courageous, but I do think it's leadership. And we need people who are willing to take a risk and say, "Yeah, I'm willing to take a risk and come down on one side or the other here because we have to win.". And there were a lot of party leaders out there who were doing the opposite. Some, some were just staying quiet, right? Like, hey, this is the state party line. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna break it. But some were actively encouraging, no, we don't, we, you can't, Kira. Some were scolding me, Kira, you can't, you know, it's wrong for you to advocate for Steve. We should be advocating for both. No, I knew the math. And I told you this was the math. I did. Kira Davis did. Remember my name and remember that I called it. Because here we are and there's no possibility. You've wasted a lot of time, effort, and social media real estate pushing a fantasy when you're a leader in the party and you should be leading. So I, I think it's coward— I think it's cowardly for people not to come down on one side or the other in this race of— in this year of all years. I think it's cowardly. I think it's soft. I do, um, and I don't have respect for it. And I know I'm talking to people that are— that I will call friends, and maybe we'll see each other at a party and they'll give me a piece of their minds, but I just— I have no respect for it because I know where we're at in this state and I know what we're up against. I felt like you did too. The math was never there. It was never there. And I'm not even really good at math, and even I knew that from the start. But to me I was, I think I was convinced of this when, um, I was convinced that Bianco could not and should not win. Earlier I have been saying, hey, I, I think Chad's a good guy, but he's just, he's not surging. We just got to make the right choice. But when I went to California, uh, GOP convention, and I think I talked about this a little bit, and I saw how mean most of the Bianco crowd was— not everybody, obviously, but most of them, they were mean— and it was something that people were talking about. At the conference. Like, one of these people are mean and, and kind of rude, and they're very blue. And a lot of— there was just— but the Hilton side, there was a lot of joy, there was a lot of happiness, there was a lot of fun. And, um, besides pointing out Chad's record, Steve Hilton has never come for Chad personally. Never. He's never said anything personal about him, his wife, his personality. Like, he's never said that. He has said, I have a problem with Chad kneeling for BLM, I have a problem with Chad saying that he wants some kind of amnesty. That's it. But on Chad's side, it was the opposite. And that's when I knew, that's when I knew that I— if, if there ever was, you know, if I was ever waffling, just— I think this is a good sign in any political campaign. Where's the joy? Where is the joy? And you can even go back to the Obama-McCain era. Um, listen, I couldn't stand Obama, never had any intention of voting for him. I knew who he was right from the start, as many of you did. But there, in that campaign cycle, there was a lot more joy in that campaign. There was a lot more excitement. There was a lot more positivity. I felt it was false positivity, but there was a lot more of that, and he won. And when it came to Trump, it was the same thing with Hillary, and when he— and when he was running against, um, in, in running in '24. 2020 was his own thing, we don't count that, it wasn't even a real election, uh, but there was so much joy, comedy, positivity, happiness. The left tried to paint it as angst and fear, but it wasn't really like that. And he won. And I think that is a really good barometer. If you're confused, if you feel like you're on the edge of who do I vote for, this candidate or that, you should look for where the joy is in the campaign. And at the California GOP convention, that's how I felt. And it wasn't just me being biased. A lot of people said that. So there is, to me, I realize there is something wrong with the Bianco campaign. It's not just, hey, this is a good guy fighting for California the way everyone else is too. And that post was a post of a child, not somebody who is running to be the leader of this state. That post told that this is not a guy that I would want in Sacramento. This is not a guy I can't depend on his temperament. I don't think he's taking this seriously. I don't think he's taking the fear of Californians seriously. And I bet if someone were to do a deep dive into his records, and somebody may yet, we might see some anomalies in there because it makes absolutely no sense why, if you cared about California, You would stay in the race. No, you're polling in 4th place. And not only that, he has spent the last 2 weeks campaigning against Steve. Not campaigning against Democrats, not campaigning against Tom Steyer or Becerra. He might have 1 or 2 social media posts about that. He's been campaigning against the only other Republican in the race. So even Chad doesn't want a top 2 Republican finish. That's not somebody who's on our side. That's not somebody who I want to send to Sacramento as a Republican leader, as a Republican representative. Can't trust that person. I felt that way when I saw the BLM kneeling video, which for a long time I accepted his explanation on that too. Where he was like, well, I was just praying. Uh, okay. Um, I thought, okay, well, sure, he was praying and he was talking, he was trying to keep the peace. Got it. I did not watch this. I did not listen to the sound of that video for a whole year. I didn't listen to it. I only ever watched it. I did not listen to it. When I listened to it, it changed everything for me. He was not kneeling to pray. He was following orders. There were people shouting at him to take the knee, to take the knee, not pray with us, not meditate with us, not embrace us, take the knee. That's someone asking you to bow to them. And he did it. And it made me think, and that's when I heard those words and those shouts, I thought, oh no, I don't want this guy in Sacramento because Who will he take the knee for there? And there's going to be so much pressure, so much pressure. It's not going to be a cakewalk. We're not going to get a Republican governor and then, woof, you know, all bets are off, now we can finally go about fixing this place. It's going to be fight after fight after fight. And that's why I think when, when Steve Hilton gets there, he's going to be the right man for the job because he is going to fight because he's been through a fight every step of this of this battle. Every step of the way has been a fight. All right, let's see. I want to make sure. We're just waiting on Herb Morgan to pop in here. He should be here shortly. Um, Herb for controller. He's running on the golden ticket as well. Um, but yeah, I just think that I, I don't think he has the temperament for it. I don't. And the way he's behaving in these final days, again, he's going after the— he spent his entire time going after the only Republican. Steve's been on the trail doing town halls, uh, doing debates. Coming out with oppo research on Becerra, on Steyer. He's been, you know, talking about California, California's problems. And Bianco has only been talking about Steve, the only other Republican in the race who is endorsed by Donald Trump, who's the leader of our party and the president of the United States and the leader of the free world. Who just went 31 for 31 in primary endorsements, or 32 for 32 in primary endorsements, and Charlie Kirk, who we have since his death sainted. Some of the same people here in Orange County— it's bizarre— some of the same people who have, who have, they have monuments to Charlie Kirk, they have scholarships to Charlie Kirk, they invoke Charlie's name every time they meet. They talk about Charlie, have pictures of Charlie at every meeting. I know, I go to those meetings. He endorsed Steve. He endorsed Steve. And those people are still like, oh no, well, he just— he didn't know what he was doing. Trump doesn't know what he was doing. Maybe you don't know what you're doing, but that to me, that's cult-like behavior. To me, that's a cult, a cultish devotion. Not saying you can't like the guy. I've heard from many, many people over the last few days who have said You know what? I do like Chad. I want to vote for Chad. Chad's my pick, but I'm looking at the numbers and I'm looking at the reality and I just don't think he can do it at this point. I'm voting Hilton. There are quite a few people out there who are doing that. But I think if you're at this point, if you're saying, nah, I'm just, I'm voting for Chad. I don't care what Trump said. Yeah. I know that Trump is, you know, the greatest president we've ever had. But I'm not going to listen to him this time. And I know he just won 32 primaries, but I'm not going to listen to him this time. And yeah, I know I talk about Charlie Kirk all day long, like people— I talk to people in Orange County who have never met Charlie Kirk, don't know Charlie Kirk. I knew Charlie. I knew Charlie personally, and I can tell them, yeah, I knew Charlie personally, and he did not support Chad Bianco. He supported Steve Hilton. Now, still doesn't matter. That's a cult. That's a cult. So I think at this point, if you are concerned about California, um, then you have to vote for Hilton. You have to. We just— not only does it change the trajectory of every other race on the ballot and every ballot measure we've got coming up in November, it could change the trajectory of America, period. Herb hasn't checked in yet, Steve. I mean Scott, just call him Steve. No, I haven't heard from him. Let's see, let me check my emails. Let's see if he emailed. We keep having, um, technical issues with this platform, so Just wanted to make sure he's not like lost in no man's land. Nope. Okay. I'm just gonna keep going then. We'll, we'll see. Maybe he forgot. Let's do number 3, Scott. Let's, uh, go to clip 3 on here. I want to talk a little bit while we wait for her. We'll see. He might got— this is like if you're a candidate in California, these— this is when you're just, you're knocking on doors, you're going to every last minute meeting, you're making— you're going phone banking, you're doing all that stuff. So I'm sure Herb is doing that. He knows we love him. All right, so here's a story that has been covered quite a bit today. Um, mail-in ballots in LA are being found burned and a voting center vandalized with just one day until Spencer Pratt's potential for an upset win. What a coincidence, Pratt needs to win this. This is Eric Daughtry. On X. This is why mass mail-ins must be banned. We need to pass the SAVE Act. Yes, absolutely. This is why mass mail-ins need to be, need to be banned. We saw this in '24 and in '22, and in 2022 and 2024, here in my neck of the woods, we had a rash— isn't this funny— right around election time. Of mail-in, of mailbox thefts, mailbox thefts. And people were returning their ballots through the USPS, which you can do, which is ridiculous. Or not only that, they, but they were getting their ballots. So those ballots were being stolen. This is the problem with the ballot boxes. And I Tried to explain this with reason on my old show in which I reasoned through things. Just listen to yourself. You can find the archives on my YouTube channel, Kira, just Kira Davis. But I tried to reason through this when a lot of the lefties were like, you're just, you're a fascist for not wanting to expand voting rights. No, you don't know what happens to those ballots. When you drop your ballot in that ballot box, you are making a whole series of assumptions. It's not like going to the vote center yourself where you, you drop the ballot yourself. And here in California, oh, let me address this too, because President Trump's been getting a little bit of grief over this, where he told Lara Trump on an interview that California doesn't even have real vote centers. We don't have vote machines. And they jumped all over him. That's not true. We do. But it was kind of true. He knew what he was talking about. It was just expressed in Trump's way. We don't have the— when you think about going to the ballot box and anywhere else in this country, you're thinking about going to an electronic machine and pressing the buttons on the machine to choose your candidates, to choose who you want. And then the machine tabulates it electronically, transmits that single signal, and then gives you a printout of what you voted on. That's what you're thinking. That's not how it works in California anymore. It's all mail-in ballot. For intents and purposes, it is all mail-in ballot. You take your— you get— everyone gets a ballot in the mail. Everybody gets a ballot in the mail. You, you can take your ballot down to the vote center if you want. If you don't want to drop it in a box, you can fill it out there, but then you either drop it in a box at the vote center, or you can go scan it, which is what a voting booth is. It's a booth that has a scanner and you just scan it, or it's a booth that has curtains so you can fill out your ballot while you're there, but it still goes into the scanner and you're still filling it out by hand. So President Trump wasn't wrong. Now look at these, these ballot boxes. They are unmanned. And in Los Angeles, of all places, you know, I live in the cozy suburbs of Orange County. There's a couple of ballot boxes around my neighborhood. They're pretty safe. But in Los Angeles, where it's the Night of the Living Dead every day— zombies, drug dealers, random fires— You know, the fire department is understaffed by something like 30%. Police don't come. Like, it's just ridiculous. And what do you know, what are people putting in there? You know, you can put anything in there, which clearly you can. You can put something that's on fire in those boxes. But not only that, someone comes and takes the ballots out of the boxes. Who, who is that? Do you know who that is? You don't know who that is. And where do they go? Do they go into a truck that's locked, that's guarded like the Brinks truck? No, you— but you don't— I know you don't know. You can actually walk— you can actually scope out one of those things and watch. A lot of times it's some rando in a 20-year-old car and they put the ballots in the back of their trunk. That's not, you know, a very intelligent chain of custody. Where do they go when that person puts the ballots in their trunk? Then where do they— you— my point is this: you don't know. So don't tell me that all the ballots are safe, that it's fine, it's, it's a safe process. You don't know where they go. You don't know the chain of custody. On these things and you don't know what people put into the boxes. You can pour acid in. I mean, it's just ridiculous. We absolutely should not have anything to do with this type of mail-in system. And, you know, talking about this is how much on the ropes Democrats are here. First of all, they— we have had this uniparty for so long. We have had one-party rule for so long that California Democrats now think they're entitled. Entitled to one-party rule. In fact, Americans think they're entitled to have California be a Democrat state. And our governor has said, oh, we're— we have options to make sure no Republicans get into the top two. Why would you say that? As, as the chief liberty officer in your state, why would you say that? That's not the point. Isn't the point to make sure that you get the best person elected for the people. Now, I understand you're the leader of your party, the leader of the Democrat Party. You want Democrats to win, but to suggest that you have a break glass option, which means you're going to use your authority as the governor of the state to put your thumb on the scale, it should chill everybody. But they, they think they're so entitled. And, uh, so we've been trying to figure out what is this break glass option. I think one of the break glass options is Chad Bianco. Again, I do think— I think there's a lot of projection there, and I think if we dig in there, we're going to see Chad getting some payments from some weird places to stay in this race. So I think he's one of their break glass options, but I think the other break glass option is this law that Gavin Newsom signed, which I don't think is going to do much, but it's a sign of where they're at. Mentally. Let's go to— this is number 4. This article. I'm filling in for Dr. Drew, everybody, on Thursday, right? On the 4th. That's why my phone is buzzing. Producers getting guests ready. But I love filling in for the Dr. Drew Show. So if you love Dr. Ask Dr. Drew live, Tune in on the 4th. I'll be there. We're just getting our guests ready. Okay. Newsom signs California election law before Tuesday primary aiming to block federal interference. Governor Gavin Newsom signed legislation Wednesday that aims to shield California elections from federal interference, saying he expected President Donald Trump's administration to try to meddle in the midterms this year. The law, which took effect immediately and came days before next Tuesday's primary, prohibits any person, including federal agents, from accessing voter rolls or election technology without a court order. Why would you— again, they— it— these are all— it's the same thing with the Nick Shirley Act and the stupid secret tunnel that they're building under the Capitol. It's all anti-transparency. The whole goal is to make it harder for you to find out what is really going on and to ask questions. Law enforcement officers are restricted from disrupting election workers except in public safety emergencies. All right, two things about this. First of all, I think that this is absolutely his break glass moment. Uh, it's a response to how well Republicans are doing, but furthermore, it's a response to what they intend to do, right? Which is cheat. They intend to cheat and Trump's doing what he can from his federal perch. He can't do a ton of stuff because of states' rights, but in midterm elections, in federal elections, he does have purview. And by the way, think about what Trump did. He, he, I haven't seen any, any indication that ICE is going to be at the polls, but why shouldn't they be? Who cares? With ICE, ICE, they don't, they don't run the polls. They don't run elections. Why would you care if ICE is standing nearby? At a vote center? Why would you care? I'll tell you why I care. I, I figured this out a few years ago when I went to school board meeting in Santa Ana, invited by my friend Brenda Lebsack, to see the incredibly, uh, disgusting, disgusting LGBTQ and CRT stuff they have going on in Santa Ana School District. She— they were voicing the trans agenda. This was years ago now. They lost. We all lost that fight, but They're forcing the trans agenda into Santa Ana Unified. Well, Santa Ana Unified is something like 60% immigrant, illegal immigrant really. And so large Hispanic population, but those people are also Catholics. They didn't want it. Brenda invited me to go cover this. I went and covered it. And guess what the school board did? They invited immigration enforcement and police to come and hang out in the parking lot. And what were, what were they there for? They were there to intimidate the illegals who were going to show up to speak up for their children and speak up against this horrible agenda. So they knew that that would be an intimidating factor for those, quote, voters. That's what they're doing now. They know that their voters are going to show up, their illegal voters are going to show up at the polls, and, um, and they know that just having ICE present is going to be an intimidation. Why would we care? Why would I care if ICE is standing on the street corner nearby a vote center? Why would I care? What can they do? They don't count votes. They don't take votes. The ICE has never taken votes. ICE has never seized a vote. Why would Gavin Newsom need to make a law like that? First of all, it's for show, all right? I don't think it has any teeth at all. I don't know how you would enforce it. I don't know how you would even know what federal agents are around unless the feds coordinated with you. And it doesn't speak to what Trump was saying he was going to do anyway, which was just post agents there to catch illegals. So why would you care if federal agents are at the ballot box if you don't have any intentions of cheating? Because it's not— federal agents aren't officers. There's no case which federal agents are walking off with ballots from the ballot box. There's no case of that. It doesn't work like that. Why would they be worried about the feds looking at our voter rolls? What could they possibly be worried about if our voter rolls are fine? Why would they be worried about the feds doing a recount in a federal election? By the way, they absolutely do have the right to do that. So I don't think this law has any teeth. Second of all, if this is his break glass option, then, um, I don't know, I'm encouraged. I'm encouraged by that. And, uh, third of all, isn't it interesting that the law went into effect immediately? Immediately, just like Prop 50 went into effect immediately. But Prop 36, which we voted for, still has yet to be implemented. Prop 36 is what rolled back Prop 47 and, um, all of the other ridiculous, uh, crime reduction bills that just increased crime and chaos in our streets and is the reason Spencer Pratt is winning right now. Prop 36, we voted for over a year ago, and, and they haven't funded it and they haven't implemented it. But when they want— when it's a law to thwart honest elections, to thwart the people, or to tax the people it goes into effect right away. The high-speed rail has been 14 years, 15, 16 years in the making. 16 years in the making, high-speed rail. We voted for extra reservoirs 12 years ago. We don't have the extra reservoirs. We voted for desalinization in some parts. We don't have any desalinization plants. We've all this— we vote. Oh, you want to know what else we voted for in this state? The death penalty. 3 times. We voted for it the original time, which I think was in the early '90s. We voted for it to be strengthened in 20 2016 or 2018, we voted for it to be strengthened. We wanted it to have more teeth. And then we voted to make the appeals time lower. We voted to shorten the appeals time and shorten the amount of time that a prisoner can spend on death row, basically to speed up the process. We voted to speed up the process. We do not have the death penalty. We voted for it 3 times. We don't have one. Why? Because the governor decided that the will of the people didn't matter, and he, he made it null and void. See, when, when they want to get something done, they do it. But when they tell you— when, when you say, why is my kid's school full of rapists? And like, and some of those rapists are teachers and illegal immigrant students who can't speak English, and The trans agenda is sitting on top of my kid every day and it's chaos and no one can read or write or do math. And, and you say, why, you know, why do I have to put up with this every time? And what do they tell you? What do the unions tell you? What does Governor Newsom tell you? What are— what do Democrats tell you every time? They tell you, well, we just, we need more money. You gotta wait. I've got a 10-year plan. I've got a 5-year plan. They can do whatever they want overnight. We can do whatever we want overnight. You all understand me? We have normalized this idea of we can only do so much, the process is slow. First of all, in Congress, the process is slow. I say this a lot. It's supposed to be slow. It's supposed to be gridlock. We're not supposed to let those people do what they want to do quickly. We have a legislature in California that does that, right? When they want to move quick, they move quick, and it crushes us. When they want to move slow, they move super slow, and it crushes us. They can control the pace at which they work, and they do. Like, we do not have to tolerate it. We do not have to assume that it is just like this, that it's a difficult process, that it— oh, it's just gridlock. No, things can change overnight if we have the right leaders. We can have change and we can have it really quickly here if you vote for the right people. And that's why it counts. That's why it matters that, um, our party leaders are brave and have courage and have the courage of convictions. And I don't feel like the California GOP has— and again, I feel bad because I, I am friends with a lot of these people, but I just, I have to call a spade a spade. I don't feel like, for all intents and purposes, the California GOP has the stones that is needed to change things. Because leaders can— a real leader can change things overnight, and people will follow a leader. And the California The GOP keeps waiting for the followers to lead, and that's not how it works. The followers need a leader. We need people who are going to stand up and say, this, not that, there, not here, up, not down. And I'm standing on that, and I'm— and it is a risk. It's a risk. That's the other thing. Leaders take risks. It's a risk. We need leaders who are willing to take risks. Look at the Trump campaign. His entire campaign was one big risk-taking venture, and that's what we need— people who are ready to think big and to take risks, and who are, who are ready to stand and say, I'm not going any further, no more. I feel like people should be angrier, people should be more resolute, people should be more determined. People should be taking more— this more seriously than they are. And we need voices who are strong and unafraid, unafraid to be insulted or disliked, but also unafraid to fly in the face of conventional wisdom and say, yeah, I can be who I am. Like, I can be a conservative and win. I can be anti-abortion and win. You know, I can believe that California can do— make an incredible turnaround. We can, we can ban Islam, we can ban abortion, we can do all of those things. We can do anything we want to do if we have the right leaders, if we have the leaders who are willing to speak with conviction and take the risk to speak up even when it's not popular. And to make a choice. And right now, the California GOP is not making choices. They are hanging back and they're waiting to see what the electorate does, and that's not how it goes. The electorate will follow a strong leader, and we need more strong leaders. I believe Steve Hilton is a great leader, and he's going to be a strong leader for California, and I look forward to seeing him in Sacramento. I think Spencer Pratt is going to be a great leader. He's already a great leader. He's already shown us that if you're willing to be honest and speak common sense and offer people hope, that things can change. Uh, we've got one day, people. We've got one day left. So if you Republican voter, we still have 4 million Republicans that have not voted in this state. So today you have, you still have time to look around and say, what do I care about more? Do I care about the future of this state? Or, and do I care about how we win the future? Do I care about being a leader and a risk taker? Or do I just care about being right? And I just wanted to be right about this guy and I'm going to go down with that sinking ship. Not— I mean, not to insult you, but at this point, I just, I think if you're voting for Bianco, that's the insult. That's insulting to California. And believe me, I will be saying this very same thing if the tables were turned and Steve were polling at the bottom. I would be saying the same thing, but that's not how it's going. And so I, you have a choice tomorrow to join this revolution and to be one of the people who, who will be able to stand up and say, yeah, I voted for change and we won. And I'm proud. I'm proud that I can say I was one of the people that brought California back, that took the risk. You have one chance to do this. We have one chance to do this. It's not about your pride, it's not about your ego, and it is about your principles. I'm not telling you to forego your principles. I think anybody who is saying she's telling me to let go of my principle— no, no, I'm not. And I think that's a very unprincipled response, right? Because I'm a conservative and I'm as hard right as they come, by the way. Go look at my X feed. I'm as hard right as they come. I'm a conservative and I don't back down on my principles. But you know what one of my principles is? Winning. And I think for a long time conservatives in this country have gotten, we've gotten used to losing. And we look at a guy like Trump and we say, well, he's an anomaly, you know, but when Trump's gone, we'll go back to losing. When Trump's gone, MAGA will ascend. Right now, Trump is MAGA, but I think MAGA is America. And I think it's going to become what we define as Americanism, MAGA. And, um, you get to say that you were a part of that revolution. And you don't have to be a loser. You don't— we don't have to be the professional opposition. We can be the leaders even in this state, and this state can change. Yes, overnight it can change. Yes, overnight. I'm going to say it again. This state can change overnight. It is possible. We can change everything. We have to start tomorrow. You have to go vote for Steve Hilton. If your principles are a better California, boys out of girls' sports, a tightened border, lower taxes, low gas. If your principles are family, state, and country first, then you can vote for Steve Hilton because those— that's everything that he's fighting for, and he's taking the golden ticket with him. And what is, what is Chad Bianco doing in his, his final moments? He's, he's choosing to fight the lead Republican instead of saying, hey, let's do this together. Let's get into the— even that's a pipe dream, but at least you could spin it that way. Hey, Steve, I know you think you're winning, but I don't believe the polls. Let's do this together. Let's campaign together. Let's put, you know, there's nothing positive coming out of there. So I just think if you're voting for Chappie Yunkel right now, it's 'cause you hate California. You're mad at California and you wanna prove a point. But if you're like me and you love California and you want— and you believe that the future of California is ours for the taking, then vote Hilton tomorrow. Vote for the entire Golden Ticket and let's get this show on the road. And let's see. Let's see how quickly— and by the way, we don't— I don't know what Spencer is going to do tomorrow. He's out there saying he thinks he can get 50+1 of the vote. And you know what? It's the golden era. And I'm not, I'm not going to say no. I'm not going to say it can't happen because from what I have seen of Spencer Pratt, it's not even just him, but like all the stars are aligned. Like, look how awful his opponents are. He, he posted the other day, it was like, I don't even have to make campaign ads anymore because Karen Bass's ads sound like pro-Spencer Pratt ads, and they do. Like, everything Nithya Raman and Karen Bass, everything they post, it just looks so dark and ridiculous. It looks like a Spencer Pratt post. Like, look how— look what these people are running on. Can you believe it? But it's actually serious. And yes, there's a lot of uninformed voters in LA, and there's a lot of cheating. But this could be too big to rig. And that's what this whole thing needs to be. That's why, Bianco supporters, we need you to be reasonable about this vote. It's not just about who you like better. We need to make it too big to rig. The system can be defeated. We proved it in '24. And I think Trump is right when he said he won California. I think he did win California. I think that, I think that will come out in the wash eventually. I really do. But, uh, that being said, I think this whole thing has to be too big to rig. Democrats are not going to give this up easily. Again, this is what I said from the start. The idea that you would have two Republicans in the top two was a pipe dream. You don't know California Democrats. They own the apparatus of every electoral system machine. In this state. How would they let two Republicans get to the top two? Impossible. You were foolish to ever think it. But, but some of us have understood from the start, and we've been telling you the truth from the start. And so you can believe us, and you can believe me. You can still believe me. We can do this. We can do this. Spencer Pratt can win in LA. Steve Hilton can win governor. Michael Gayes can win attorney general. Gloria Romero can win Lieutenant Governor. Herb Morgan, who— Herb, maybe he forgot, but Godspeed to you, Herb. I'll see you tomorrow night. Uh, Herb can be the Controller. Stacey Korsgarten can be Insurance Commissioner. Sonia Shah, she's not on the Golden Ticket, but she can be Superintendent of Schools if you vote and you believe in what the leaders are telling you. And the leaders are telling you It's time to get going. Like, this is our time. It's the golden— I said this to Steve recently. I said, we're in, we're living in the golden age now. Trump, Trump dubbed it the golden age when he took office, and I believe he is absolutely right. That's why we're doing MMA on the White House lawns, why we're getting a new ballroom, why DC's getting cleaned up. It's why everything looks iffy right now on the international scene. We're entering the golden age. We are. We have not quite hit it yet. I think we're going to hit it after July 4th. Forth. That's what I think. I think we're about to go into overdrive. We're in the Golden Age right now. I feel like America can't lose, and to me that means California can't lose. If there was ever a time for the golden ticket, it's in the Golden Age. And I just have a feeling that we are on the precipice of something really, really big. And if you follow me into this precipice, I promise you we will get to that promised land. Ladies and gentlemen, we do live in the promised land. We already live in the promised land. We have just let others co-opt that promise, but we can take it back. We can, we can start tomorrow. Start there with me. All right. Make sure you get your ballots in, walk them into the vote center yourself. Vote centers are open. I suggest you go in today and do that rather than wait for tomorrow and then get caught up in those long lines, especially if you're in Los Angeles. You should vote early because I think Los Angeles lines are going to be very long. And we'll see, we'll see if any of Newsom's break glass options have, uh, any impact. All right, everybody, follow us everywhere. Um, I'll be hosting Dr. Drew on the 4th this week. I think it's Thursday. You can tune in for that. Um, and then tomorrow is Election Day, and I will be doing— oh, I'll be doing Katie Pavlich tonight on NewsNation. I'll be on with Katie Pavlich. Uh, tomorrow I'll be on Newsmax with Kelly Sadler. We'll also be broadcasting here. And then tomorrow I'll try— I'll be, um, at the Hilton watch party, at the Hilton campaign party. I hope it's a victory celebration, at least victory part one. And prayers up if you're praying. If you're a praying person, shout out to you and go ahead and pray. Pray for us because we have a lot of work to do, and I think we have a lot further to go than even in November in order to receive all of God's blessings for this state. I believe that, but that's another story for another day. I have some ideas about how we can really become the greatest state in the union and maybe in the world. I have some ideas, but those are for another day and another show. I'm Kira Davis. This has been The Orange Report. We'll catch you on the flip side. Don't forget Sunlight is the best disinfectant. So bring on the sunshine. Too big to rig.
