# Memorial Day With Shawn Farash Full Show

**Show:** Kayal and Company
**Date Published:** 2026-05-25
**Date Found:** 2026-05-25
**URL:** https://player.amperwavepodcasting.com?feed-link=https%3A%2F%2Frss.amperwave.net%2Fv2%2Fepisode%2F8408365_2026-05-25-151605&utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 163 minutes

## Summary

This 163-minute episode of Kayal and Company mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Kayal and Company

## Key Moment

> "Kael and Company, weekday mornings, 6 till 10. And we have liftoff on a Monday Memorial Day morning, May 25th, 2026. It is 6 AM. It is Kael and Company. Well, it's Sean Ferrish filling in for Kaelin Company here on talk radio 1210 WPHD. We got, uh, the great Phil Armquist and Jimmy Kelly running things back up at headquarters in the City of Brotherly Love, where I'll be looking. Hey, you know what, uh, Five Alarm Fire, I'll be there this week. I don't know how the city's going to receive me. That's all right, we'll see what happens. If I can make it through the Philly airport when I land on Wednesday, that'll be, uh, progress made. Sean Farris filling in till 10 this morning as we negotiate a Memorial Day. We navigate Memorial Day this morning, and I'm excited to see everybody on Thursday at the FOP Lodge for the remote broadcast. It's gonna be a good time. It's gonna be a good time. Alright, let's remember what today is all about, folks. It is Memorial Day. It is the day that we pause and reflect on the sacrifices made by our brave men and women of our military. They gave their lives in defense of the greatest country in the world, and we have the luxury of doing 4 hours of radio this morning because of their sacrifice. So, you know, when you fire up your grill today, if that's the kind of thing you're going to do, or You just take the— you have the day off and you take a little bit of time to sit back and enjoy the day off. Just remember that it is, uh, you know, today is, is about more than just a day off from work or a good deal on a new car or, uh, you know, anything of that nature, a long weekend. Just reflect on that for a little bit today, right? Then go buy your car. Right, there you go. Happy Memorial Day to everybody, and let's keep that in mind as we, uh, as we go through today. We have more of the same with Iran this weekend, the announcement of an imminent deal and then some tiptoeing around whether or not there was a deal and whether or not it was actually close and what the deal contained. Like, we have seen this before, right? We've seen this before, and I, I'm going to tell you, this is probably for me the most frustrating part of this whole Iran process is I feel like we're going around like a— have you ever seen a— you watch video of it, it's not like a rare thing, like a unicorn. I found a unicorn in public. Like a dog chasing its tail. I feel like for the last month and a half, that's kind of the exercise we've been engaged in with regards to Iran. You know, oh, we have a deal. And then it's like, "Oh, well, their command structure's all jacked up, so we don't know if we have a deal." And then Iran's like, "No, we don't have a deal." And then the United States goes, "Oh, we don't have a deal? We're gonna bomb ya." And then we come back to the top of the cycle, and it's like, "Please don't bomb us, let's make a deal. We've got a deal." And we go around and around and around to, you know, "Don't bomb us, we have a deal. Maybe we don't have a deal. We definitely don't have a deal. We're gonna bomb you." Iran comes back to the negotiation, and it's like we're going around and around and around and around and around, and we've been doing that since April 7th. Now, I'm not trying to destroy, you know, the administration over this, or, you know, tell you that it's never gonna get done. I just, every time I hear about a potential deal, I'm not gonna say I roll my eyes, but I kinda do the whole, you know, I'll believe it when I see something signed. Now, beware of all of the online chatter and folks who are rushing the judgment about the deal when nobody has the actual details of the deal. The details that are leaking about this deal are not leaking from the United States perspective, okay? The president made it very clear yesterday on social media that, um, that anybody who's criticizing the deal doesn't know what the deal actually is. So pay very close attention, 'cause we saw this toward the middle of April when deals were announced, and then the terms of the deal came out, and it was like, you're looking at it going, this is a horrible deal. Well, it's 'cause it wasn't the deal. It's this information that's being leaked out of negotiations or leaked out of the region from Iranian sources. We can't trust them, right? We've seen this before where purported deals are leaked, usually coming from Iran themselves, and people eat it up, right? They eat it up, like, they're just like, "Oh, look at this, these details are terrible. They're gonna keep their nukes. They're gonna keep control of the strait. They're gonna do this, they're gonna do that." And it turns out that that's not what the United States is getting ready to agree to. So while I don't like the whole, you know, chasing the tail exercise that it looks as if we're engaged in right now, I'm also not gonna sit there and say we're making a bad deal. I don't know what the deal is, and I believe that this administration deserves— and I've said it for a while, and I guess I'm getting a little impatient with how long it's taking, but at the same time you don't want to rush into a bad deal. I think this is the administration that'll get it right if it can be made right. The only other option at that point, if the deal is not the way that we're gonna go is to resume military operations. And sitting here on Memorial Day, it's kind of hard to, it's kind of hard to, to pound our chest and say, let's, let's do that too. But that might be the only way to deal with these guys. So I believe Donald Trump gave them another 5 to 7 days. We've also heard that before. Um, at some point though, push is going to have to come to shove. But we gotta slow down, we're gonna let it play out, and most certainly not get caught up in the hysteria. That's the top thing I can tell you to do. Don't get caught up in the hysteria. There are rumors about what this deal contains, and I was reading about this just before, you know, just before we jumped on the air from from Amwaj Media, okay, which appears to be, you know, Middle Eastern origin. And it's talking about the potential framework of the deal, and it, you know, it tells on itself, this piece. The draft framework says here, quote, the draft framework as described to Amwaj Media by Arab and Iranian sources. Arab and Iranian sources, not U.S. sources. So any of the— and, and all of this All of the details that are being leaked out, you know, in this Amwaj Media article are the same details that people were, you know, up in arms over yesterday. Guys, these are details coming from Iran. This isn't the actual deal. Now, there may be some parts of the, you know, quote unquote leaked proposal that you know, may mirror that of the actual deal. But we have seen this before, so I say take a chill pill just a little bit. All right, we'll go through what's next with Iran, and I'm hoping this thing comes to an end sooner rather than later. I've been saying that really since it started. Has the mission been accomplished? Was the mission just nuclear weapons? Is that now where we are? We'll see. You know, I had been saying we wanted to get the Strait of Hormuz and gas under control by Memorial Day. Memorial Day is here. Gas prices are not under control yet. We would, you know, if Republicans are going to do well in the midterms, this is going to have to get worked out. So we will see. We will see how far and how long this exercise with Iran goes. I am not going to say that I'm pessimistic, but I'm also going to say, you know, I'm not going to say that I'm optimistic because we've seen it before. I'm in kind of wait-and-see mode, and the cynic in me says, okay, here we go again. So we'll see. Thomas Massie has not been handling his primary election loss particularly well. Went on Meet the Press yesterday, which didn't go very well for him, as you could imagine. Like I say, he hasn't been handling it well. This is a guy, whether you like him or you don't like him, whatever. There's no doubt that if you look at the way he ran his campaign and you look at the messaging coming from Thomas Massie, that he is performing for an online audience. And this is the— this is a trap that I think we see many members of Congress and members of the government and, you know, whomever fall into. They start, they start performing for an online audience. They start using talking points that resonate online instead of talking points that resonate where most people are, not online, in the real world. Jackson Dart introduced President Trump at a rally before the weekend started, prompting nationwide meltdowns. That's funny. Because I don't remember these meltdowns over Colin Kaepernick. I remember, oh, stunning and brave, right? Disney, Mickey Mouse, got along well with Mickey Mouse. Disney's new Star Wars movie, The Mandalorian and Grogu, is tanking in the box office. Many may say rightfully so. Stephen Colbert is off the air because, well, oh, censorship. The president just now this guy was costing CBS $40 million a year. My question is, where the hell is CBS? And why aren't they saying we didn't cancel him because of the— but you would think this company's being accused of bending under the pressure of the administration. That's not why Stephen Colbert was canceled. It was— he was, he was canceled. The show was canceled because he was losing $40 million a year. Greg Stocker's favorite folks over there at the FCC, by the way, asking the public for help with regards whether to classify The View— this is a real story— The View as a bona fide news show. Spencer Pratt is surging in Los Angeles. Does he have a shot? He might. I think he's got as good a shot as anyone else who ran— who was running as a non-Republican— and I'm sorry, non-Democrat in that race. So we will get to that a little bit later on this morning. And a very bizarre story out of New Jersey that we will get to a little bit later this morning. We had a very emotional sports weekend on the racing front. Kyle Busch, a lot of tributes being paid to late NASCAR driver Kyle Busch. Cause of death details have been released as well. Speaking of sports, we can go to the great Phil Omquist, my brother in suffering, fellow New York Jets fan and fellow New York Islanders fan. We had quite a collapse to end this year, but that's okay because the future looks bright. The hockey players have been great."
> — Speaker B at 01:44
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [01:44] Speaker B: "Kael and Company, weekday mornings, 6 till 10. And we have liftoff on a Monday Memorial Day morning, May 25th, 2026. It is 6 AM. It is Kael and Company. Well, it's Sean Ferrish filling in for Kaelin Company here on talk radio 1210 WPHD. We got, uh, the great Phil Armquist and Jimmy Kelly running things back up at headquarters in the City of Brotherly Love, where I'll be looking. Hey, you know what, uh, Five Alarm Fire, I'll be there this week. I don't know how the city's going to receive me. That's all right, we'll see what happens. If I can make it through the Philly airport when I land on Wednesday, that'll be, uh, progress made. Sean Farris filling in till 10 this morning as we negotiate a Memorial Day. We navigate Memorial Day this morning, and I'm excited to see everybody on Thursday at the FOP Lodge for the remote broadcast. It's gonna be a good time. It's gonna be a good time. Alright, let's remember what today is all about, folks. It is Memorial Day. It is the day that we pause and reflect on the sacrifices made by our brave men and women of our military. They gave their lives in defense of the greatest country in the world, and we have the luxury of doing 4 hours of radio this morning because of their sacrifice. So, you know, when you fire up your grill today, if that's the kind of thing you're going to do, or You just take the— you have the day off and you take a little bit of time to sit back and enjoy the day off. Just remember that it is, uh, you know, today is, is about more than just a day off from work or a good deal on a new car or, uh, you know, anything of that nature, a long weekend. Just reflect on that for a little bit today, right? Then go buy your car. Right, there you go. Happy Memorial Day to everybody, and let's keep that in mind as we, uh, as we go through today. We have more of the same with Iran this weekend, the announcement of an imminent deal and then some tiptoeing around whether or not there was a deal and whether or not it was actually close and what the deal contained. Like, we have seen this before, right? We've seen this before, and I, I'm going to tell you, this is probably for me the most frustrating part of this whole Iran process is I feel like we're going around like a— have you ever seen a— you watch video of it, it's not like a rare thing, like a unicorn. I found a unicorn in public. Like a dog chasing its tail. I feel like for the last month and a half, that's kind of the exercise we've been engaged in with regards to Iran. You know, oh, we have a deal. And then it's like, "Oh, well, their command structure's all jacked up, so we don't know if we have a deal." And then Iran's like, "No, we don't have a deal." And then the United States goes, "Oh, we don't have a deal? We're gonna bomb ya." And then we come back to the top of the cycle, and it's like, "Please don't bomb us, let's make a deal. We've got a deal." And we go around and around and around to, you know, "Don't bomb us, we have a deal. Maybe we don't have a deal. We definitely don't have a deal. We're gonna bomb you." Iran comes back to the negotiation, and it's like we're going around and around and around and around and around, and we've been doing that since April 7th. Now, I'm not trying to destroy, you know, the administration over this, or, you know, tell you that it's never gonna get done. I just, every time I hear about a potential deal, I'm not gonna say I roll my eyes, but I kinda do the whole, you know, I'll believe it when I see something signed. Now, beware of all of the online chatter and folks who are rushing the judgment about the deal when nobody has the actual details of the deal. The details that are leaking about this deal are not leaking from the United States perspective, okay? The president made it very clear yesterday on social media that, um, that anybody who's criticizing the deal doesn't know what the deal actually is. So pay very close attention, 'cause we saw this toward the middle of April when deals were announced, and then the terms of the deal came out, and it was like, you're looking at it going, this is a horrible deal. Well, it's 'cause it wasn't the deal. It's this information that's being leaked out of negotiations or leaked out of the region from Iranian sources. We can't trust them, right? We've seen this before where purported deals are leaked, usually coming from Iran themselves, and people eat it up, right? They eat it up, like, they're just like, "Oh, look at this, these details are terrible. They're gonna keep their nukes. They're gonna keep control of the strait. They're gonna do this, they're gonna do that." And it turns out that that's not what the United States is getting ready to agree to. So while I don't like the whole, you know, chasing the tail exercise that it looks as if we're engaged in right now, I'm also not gonna sit there and say we're making a bad deal. I don't know what the deal is, and I believe that this administration deserves— and I've said it for a while, and I guess I'm getting a little impatient with how long it's taking, but at the same time you don't want to rush into a bad deal. I think this is the administration that'll get it right if it can be made right. The only other option at that point, if the deal is not the way that we're gonna go is to resume military operations. And sitting here on Memorial Day, it's kind of hard to, it's kind of hard to, to pound our chest and say, let's, let's do that too. But that might be the only way to deal with these guys. So I believe Donald Trump gave them another 5 to 7 days. We've also heard that before. Um, at some point though, push is going to have to come to shove. But we gotta slow down, we're gonna let it play out, and most certainly not get caught up in the hysteria. That's the top thing I can tell you to do. Don't get caught up in the hysteria. There are rumors about what this deal contains, and I was reading about this just before, you know, just before we jumped on the air from from Amwaj Media, okay, which appears to be, you know, Middle Eastern origin. And it's talking about the potential framework of the deal, and it, you know, it tells on itself, this piece. The draft framework says here, quote, the draft framework as described to Amwaj Media by Arab and Iranian sources. Arab and Iranian sources, not U.S. sources. So any of the— and, and all of this All of the details that are being leaked out, you know, in this Amwaj Media article are the same details that people were, you know, up in arms over yesterday. Guys, these are details coming from Iran. This isn't the actual deal. Now, there may be some parts of the, you know, quote unquote leaked proposal that you know, may mirror that of the actual deal. But we have seen this before, so I say take a chill pill just a little bit. All right, we'll go through what's next with Iran, and I'm hoping this thing comes to an end sooner rather than later. I've been saying that really since it started. Has the mission been accomplished? Was the mission just nuclear weapons? Is that now where we are? We'll see. You know, I had been saying we wanted to get the Strait of Hormuz and gas under control by Memorial Day. Memorial Day is here. Gas prices are not under control yet. We would, you know, if Republicans are going to do well in the midterms, this is going to have to get worked out. So we will see. We will see how far and how long this exercise with Iran goes. I am not going to say that I'm pessimistic, but I'm also going to say, you know, I'm not going to say that I'm optimistic because we've seen it before. I'm in kind of wait-and-see mode, and the cynic in me says, okay, here we go again. So we'll see. Thomas Massie has not been handling his primary election loss particularly well. Went on Meet the Press yesterday, which didn't go very well for him, as you could imagine. Like I say, he hasn't been handling it well. This is a guy, whether you like him or you don't like him, whatever. There's no doubt that if you look at the way he ran his campaign and you look at the messaging coming from Thomas Massie, that he is performing for an online audience. And this is the— this is a trap that I think we see many members of Congress and members of the government and, you know, whomever fall into. They start, they start performing for an online audience. They start using talking points that resonate online instead of talking points that resonate where most people are, not online, in the real world. Jackson Dart introduced President Trump at a rally before the weekend started, prompting nationwide meltdowns. That's funny. Because I don't remember these meltdowns over Colin Kaepernick. I remember, oh, stunning and brave, right? Disney, Mickey Mouse, got along well with Mickey Mouse. Disney's new Star Wars movie, The Mandalorian and Grogu, is tanking in the box office. Many may say rightfully so. Stephen Colbert is off the air because, well, oh, censorship. The president just now this guy was costing CBS $40 million a year. My question is, where the hell is CBS? And why aren't they saying we didn't cancel him because of the— but you would think this company's being accused of bending under the pressure of the administration. That's not why Stephen Colbert was canceled. It was— he was, he was canceled. The show was canceled because he was losing $40 million a year. Greg Stocker's favorite folks over there at the FCC, by the way, asking the public for help with regards whether to classify The View— this is a real story— The View as a bona fide news show. Spencer Pratt is surging in Los Angeles. Does he have a shot? He might. I think he's got as good a shot as anyone else who ran— who was running as a non-Republican— and I'm sorry, non-Democrat in that race. So we will get to that a little bit later on this morning. And a very bizarre story out of New Jersey that we will get to a little bit later this morning. We had a very emotional sports weekend on the racing front. Kyle Busch, a lot of tributes being paid to late NASCAR driver Kyle Busch. Cause of death details have been released as well. Speaking of sports, we can go to the great Phil Omquist, my brother in suffering, fellow New York Jets fan and fellow New York Islanders fan. We had quite a collapse to end this year, but that's okay because the future looks bright. The hockey players have been great."
- [75:55] Speaker B: "His district. It's Kail and Company on demand from Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Don't even tell me that's not even about what legislation has passed. He's had one bill passed, by the way, which was the Epstein Files Transparency Act. It's an important issue. I'm not telling you that it's not an important issue. But it doesn't lower costs for people in Kentucky 4. It doesn't bring investments into Kentucky 4. It doesn't bring— the Epstein Files Transparency Act does not bring jobs into the district. It sheds some light and brings transparency on, on a very important issue. I'm not downplaying the allegations there, but what does it do for people going up and down the grocery store aisles going, dang, this stuff is expensive. What does it do for someone who just lost their job in Kentucky to an AI company or whatever that can't find a well-paying job? This is my question. And they say, whoa, so you don't care? I just said I care. I'm just asking, how is this issue number one? How does this address the most pressing priorities in the district? And the answer is it doesn't. Here's, in my opinion, why Thomas Massie lost his primary. Okay? And I want you to understand that I'm coming at this from an angle as someone who has seen good campaigns and bad campaigns from an on-the-ground activist perspective. Okay, that's a perspective that I want to bring into this thing. Thomas Massie— and there's a list of reasons I'm going to go down here for you— lost because he was and still is disconnected from the real world. He performs for an online audience. The internet is not real life. There are real people on the internet. There are real conversations on the internet. There are real debates on the internet. There are real issues discussed on the internet. But the internet is not real life. For those of you who are on X, have you noticed— it's almost impossible not to notice— that the massive bot swarms that were in favor, you know, the massive swarms of, of quote-unquote people that were posting and replying in favor of Thomas Massie are gone. Have you noticed that? Where did those people go? The answer is a lot of them weren't real people. I'm not saying Massie was standing in some phone dungeon somewhere, you know, firing off all these bot replies. I'm not even saying he directed that to happen. I'm saying he benefited from it, or he thought he was benefiting from it. It got to his head. It went to his head. He started bragging about, I ratio Dan Bongino, I ratio this ratio. Do you know what that is? Like when you comment on a post and your comment gets more likes than the original post, they call it a ratio. Whatever. What does it get you in the real world? And I've been saying this for over a year and a half now. The Nick Fuentes sick offense love this, the groipers. Well, you got ratioed, man. Yeah, what does that mean? I mean, I know what it means, but what does it actually, what does it do for you in the real world? Other than you being able to say, yeah, haha, screenshot, look what I did on X. I got more likes than the original post. This guy's a loser. Well, but what does it actually do for you in the real world? Does it lower the cost of anything? Can you go and get, you know, 30% off of, you know, a beef or something in the supermarket because you ratioed Dan Bongino on X? It does nothing. Here's the problem though. It is, the internet provides data and metrics and analytics in real time right at your fingertips. So one could— this is not smart, but one could make a post on X, okay, or any social media platform, X, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, wherever, and it could get a tremendous amount of engagement. Okay, you need to look at that as this post did well, not this post did well because this idea is popular. And a lot of people use a post doing well, okay, uh, as, as their basis for what will perform well in the real world. For example, For example, a lot of you may notice this about how I do my social media. I'm not on there doing Trump all day long, right? Now, when I do my bits, 90-second, 2-minute bits of, you know, your favorite president doing tremendous things, we're doing fun— they— those videos do very well. Does that mean I should enter the real world talking like Donald Trump 24/7 because it does well online? How ridiculous would that be? It would be funny, like at first, but then it would get played out if I was walking around the supermarket talking like Donald Trump to everybody that I saw. Well, it does well on the internet, so that's what I should do in the real world. This is what Massey was doing. Every time he brought up Israel, every time he brought up Epstein, every time he brought up, you know, AIPAC, it did very well online. That does not mean you take that and then you apply that to your entire campaign in the real world. He was performing in the real world for his audience online. He had a poor track record for his time in Congress, 14 years. He made a lot of this race that he just lost about a foreign country, not about his district. That's another problem. If you're in Kentucky's 4th Congressional District and you have a member of Congress running for reelection, do you want to hear him talking about AIPAC, Bibi Netanyahu, you know, Epstein, Israel, Israel, Epstein, the Jews, all this? Or do you want to hear about what he's going to do for you? I can tell you that if I was in the middle of a congressional primary here and I had to choose between two candidates and I had one guy talking about a foreign country the whole time, and it doesn't matter what foreign country, it could be Australia, and another guy talking about how he wants to advance the Republican agenda that I voted for two years ago in the 2024 election, I'm probably going with the guy who's talking about advancing the agenda that I voted for instead of the guy who's obsessed with the country overseas. And finally, Thomas Massie got involved with some bad people. Now, I just told you the internet's not real life. I don't know what impact this had, but some of the quote-unquote influencers— and I use that term loosely because it doesn't look like they have much influence at all— that he was palling around with were not good for his image, not one bit. And I hate to say it, and I'm no fan of Massey, but I think he was taken advantage of. He got desperate. The folks that went out to Kentucky, some of these influencers that you saw, you can look back last week at some of these folks who, you know, found their way out to Kentucky. I don't know the nature of the arrangements that were made. Did they spend their own money? Are they— have they been reimbursed? Were they paid? I don't know. I have a hard time believing that all of a sudden, you know, 10, 15 quote unquote influencers all decided to go to Kentucky at the same time and none of them were compensated or reimbursed for it. I have a hard time believing that, but I don't have— I don't know. I don't have their finances in front of me. I have no idea. Whether it's folks in an American Reich hoodie, whether it's, you know, the, the whole, the comments that they were making, it didn't look good. It didn't look good. And I call that group of people now, we call it the kiss of death. If they get involved with your campaign, you could, you can reasonably expect that you're not going to do very well. So 5, 5 things, 5 reasons why I think Thomas Massie didn't do well. He lost because he was and still is disconnected from the real world. There was a point in time where that was not the case. I think there was a point in time where Thomas Massie, maybe when he was newer, you know, a newer, a newer congressman, maybe his, you know, first 5 or so years, he wasn't as disconnected from the real world because the online ecosystem wasn't as robust as it is now. He is performing for an online audience. Just like Marjorie Taylor Greene, he is performing for an online audience. He's not performing for a real-world audience. The real-world votes— Pakistani bots, whether he knows about them or not, can't vote in your primary. So you could be looking at an idea, you could be looking at a post you make about Israel, AIPAC, Epstein, whatever it might be, and say, whoa, that post did really well. That's what I should campaign on. Well, it's gonna work online. You may gain a lot of followers, you may gain a lot of engagement, you may have a lot of people celebrating, you know, how viral a post went, but the virality of a post does not win you elections. It does not. That's why, and I did, you know, very early on and even now I say, okay, you look at like, for example, Spencer Pratt, he releases a couple of really, really awesome ads. They do really well and people are like, oh, he's gonna win. Well, pump the brakes there, pal. Just because something does really well online does not mean that a candidate is going to win an election. Now, the way Spencer Pratt is running his campaign is a lot different than the way Thomas Massie is running his campaign. We'll get to Spencer Pratt in a little bit because Spencer Pratt's not performing for an online world. Spencer Pratt is performing for the real world, talking about actual issues in actual Los Angeles that are actually impacting actual people. It's a lot different than the way Massey's running the campaign. But my point here, overarching point here, is the performance of a candidate's content online, it could be an indicator, but it is not a reliable metric that you should be resting your laurels on and running your campaign around, "Oh, well, this post did well, so now go on the campaign trail and talk about this." Well, you'll clip it on the campaign trail and you'll put it online and it'll perform well again, but the people that you're actually speaking to that you're trying to motivate to go out and vote for you, they don't care when you start bringing up Israel and Tel Aviv and AIPAC and the Epstein files. On the campaign trail. If that was an effective message in the real world, then Thomas Massie wouldn't have gotten smoked by 10 points in the real world, would he? So he lost because he was still— he is and was still disconnected from the real world, performing for an online audience. The internet is not real life. So for those of you thinking about running for office, Use the internet as a tool, but just because you see a post do well on the internet does not mean you got to repeat that on the campaign trail. You can make it a part of your messaging, but don't, don't assume because, you know, every time you, you talk about a specific topic on social media that you're going to win a campaign if you talk about that topic and make it a central point of your campaign in the real world. He had a poor track record for his time in Congress, which is, you know, you're supposed to have an incumbents advantage. But if your track record is basically nothing, oh, principles, people are eventually gonna want to move on from you. Made the race about a foreign country, not about Kentucky, and got involved with some really bad people in his campaign, influencers that came out there, awful for his image. That's why Thomas Massie lost, okay? Oh, there was all this money that was spent against him. It was all this money, AIPAC spent a lot of, okay, all right, you don't like special interest money, really? You realize there's more than one type of special interest in this country, right? It's not just AIPAC and the American-Israeli relationship. Like, you know, pro-life is a special interest. Mass deportations is a special interest. Border security is a special interest. Gun rights is a special interest. Free speech is a special interest. You want to get rid of all special interest lobbying? Listen, I'm fine with that. By the way, I would be total— if somebody came up to me in this country, waved the magic wand and said, no more PACs, the only way you can raise money in politics is from individual donors, Where do I sign? Right now, I'll sign for that. Politics shouldn't be a lucrative business. When we come back on the other side of this break, I want to, I want to get to more from Massie because he went on Meet the Press. I've got 3 cuts that we're going to play when we come back here about Massie. It just shows you The guy is not guided by any solid principles. He's a hypocrite, and people got tired of what, what has become an act. Maybe he didn't start off acting, but it became an act. It was grandstanding, and we'll prove that on the other side of this break. 855-839-1210. Sean Farish here filling in for Kaelin Company as we roll on through the second hour. We'll be back with a couple of cuts showing you some of the reasons why Thomas Massie lost that primary and what he did yesterday on Meet the Press. We're back after this. Don't go anywhere."
- [158:20] Speaker B: "Ah, alright, well, we are— we do have Fight Club coming up still this weekend. This weekend, my gosh, listen to me. I'm still in weekend mode. We do have Fight Club coming up today in just a few minutes, so we're gonna get to that. I found a fight online And, um, very interesting. Uh, uh, you know, I would say maybe it's not that— not as much of a fight, so to say. I mean, it's a fight, but, uh, it's, it's dominant on one side. So we didn't want to, uh, I didn't want to leave anybody without, uh, without our favorite slash most controversial segment of the show. So we will have Fight Club. Uh, Kyle Busch, his cause of death was revealed. Very emotional day in racing yesterday. Uh, as I mentioned on, uh, Friday morning I kinda heard rumors of what the cause of death was. Turns out that those rumors were pretty much true. Very, very sad day. We will get back into some more, some more, some more politics to the FCC. Greg's favorite organization is asking the public for help with The View and whether they should be considered a bona fide news show. So that's pretty funny. As I mentioned, Fight Club and Spencer Pratt. We gotta talk Spencer Pratt because this guy is he's doing the opposite of what Thomas Massey did, listening to his, his people, listening to and having an accurate pulse of what the real world in Los Angeles is saying. And he's resonating with folks. And I'm not going to say— I'm not going to sit here and give you— I'm not going to be a hopium dealer and tell you that Spencer Pratt's going to be the next mayor of Los Angeles, because I don't think those odds are good. But what I will say is he's got the best chance of anyone running as a non-Democrat. And the reason I say that is because he's not running under a party. Um, he's got the best chance of anybody running as a non-Democrat in Los Angeles that, uh, I think anybody has had in the last couple of, uh, decades, to be completely honest. Also a very bizarre story out of Princeton, New Jersey. I don't know if, uh, Jimmy, you heard about the schizophrenic cannibal. but he's a very, very weird story turned up there in Princeton, New Jersey. So we're gonna have all that and more. Any of your thoughts on Iran, Thomas Massie, Spencer Pratt, Star Wars, 855-839-1210 as we take you all the way till 10 o'clock this morning on this Memorial Day morning. By the way, I cannot wait to see everybody who's gonna be coming out to the FOP Lodge Thursday for a remote broadcast. I cannot wait to come up, be back where we held the great mock debate. Be nice to, to be with a live audience out there at the FOP Lodge for that Families Beyond the Badge charity remote broadcast event. That is going to be a good time. Can't wait to do that this week. It's going to be a great week. Going to be a great week. So we'll be back with, with Fight Club. We'll be back with a story out of New Jersey. Be back with Kyle Busch cause of death. And then some on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD. Sean Ferris filling in for one more hour here. 855-839-1210 if you want to chime in. Back after this. Start your day with Kale and Company, weekday mornings 6 till 10 on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** If you're an experienced pet owner, you already know that having a pet is 25% belly rubs, 25% yelling "drop it," and 50% groaning at the bill from every pet visit. Which is why Lemonade Pet Insurance is tailor-made for your pet and can save you up to 90% on vet bills. It can help cover checkups, emergencies, diagnostics— basically all the stuff that makes your bank account get nervous. Claims are filed super easily through the Lemonade app, and half get settled instantly. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet, and they'll help cover the vet bill for whatever your pet swallowed after you yelled "drop it." Nerds!

[00:33] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Ever Google a money question and end up 12 tabs deep with 12 different answers? This podcast is your shortcut back to clarity. NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast breaks down financial decisions with a team of trusted journalists. They explain the why behind decisions like investing, home buying, and choosing credit cards with clear, research-backed insights. No jargon, no misinformation. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[01:02] **Speaker B:** ¡Hola!

[01:04] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi. And trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Visit lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[01:32] **Speaker C:** Presented by T-Mobile, the official wireless partner of Odyssey Sports. With an awesome network and great savings, there's never been a better time to join T-Mobile. Visit your neighborhood store to make the switch today.

[01:44] **Speaker B:** Kael and Company, weekday mornings, 6 till 10. And we have liftoff on a Monday Memorial Day morning, May 25th, 2026. It is 6 AM. It is Kael and Company. Well, it's Sean Ferrish filling in for Kaelin Company here on talk radio 1210 WPHD. We got, uh, the great Phil Armquist and Jimmy Kelly running things back up at headquarters in the City of Brotherly Love, where I'll be looking. Hey, you know what, uh, Five Alarm Fire, I'll be there this week. I don't know how the city's going to receive me. That's all right, we'll see what happens. If I can make it through the Philly airport when I land on Wednesday, that'll be, uh, progress made. Sean Farris filling in till 10 this morning as we negotiate a Memorial Day. We navigate Memorial Day this morning, and I'm excited to see everybody on Thursday at the FOP Lodge for the remote broadcast. It's gonna be a good time. It's gonna be a good time. Alright, let's remember what today is all about, folks. It is Memorial Day. It is the day that we pause and reflect on the sacrifices made by our brave men and women of our military. They gave their lives in defense of the greatest country in the world, and we have the luxury of doing 4 hours of radio this morning because of their sacrifice. So, you know, when you fire up your grill today, if that's the kind of thing you're going to do, or You just take the— you have the day off and you take a little bit of time to sit back and enjoy the day off. Just remember that it is, uh, you know, today is, is about more than just a day off from work or a good deal on a new car or, uh, you know, anything of that nature, a long weekend. Just reflect on that for a little bit today, right? Then go buy your car. Right, there you go. Happy Memorial Day to everybody, and let's keep that in mind as we, uh, as we go through today. We have more of the same with Iran this weekend, the announcement of an imminent deal and then some tiptoeing around whether or not there was a deal and whether or not it was actually close and what the deal contained. Like, we have seen this before, right? We've seen this before, and I, I'm going to tell you, this is probably for me the most frustrating part of this whole Iran process is I feel like we're going around like a— have you ever seen a— you watch video of it, it's not like a rare thing, like a unicorn. I found a unicorn in public. Like a dog chasing its tail. I feel like for the last month and a half, that's kind of the exercise we've been engaged in with regards to Iran. You know, oh, we have a deal. And then it's like, "Oh, well, their command structure's all jacked up, so we don't know if we have a deal." And then Iran's like, "No, we don't have a deal." And then the United States goes, "Oh, we don't have a deal? We're gonna bomb ya." And then we come back to the top of the cycle, and it's like, "Please don't bomb us, let's make a deal. We've got a deal." And we go around and around and around to, you know, "Don't bomb us, we have a deal. Maybe we don't have a deal. We definitely don't have a deal. We're gonna bomb you." Iran comes back to the negotiation, and it's like we're going around and around and around and around and around, and we've been doing that since April 7th. Now, I'm not trying to destroy, you know, the administration over this, or, you know, tell you that it's never gonna get done. I just, every time I hear about a potential deal, I'm not gonna say I roll my eyes, but I kinda do the whole, you know, I'll believe it when I see something signed. Now, beware of all of the online chatter and folks who are rushing the judgment about the deal when nobody has the actual details of the deal. The details that are leaking about this deal are not leaking from the United States perspective, okay? The president made it very clear yesterday on social media that, um, that anybody who's criticizing the deal doesn't know what the deal actually is. So pay very close attention, 'cause we saw this toward the middle of April when deals were announced, and then the terms of the deal came out, and it was like, you're looking at it going, this is a horrible deal. Well, it's 'cause it wasn't the deal. It's this information that's being leaked out of negotiations or leaked out of the region from Iranian sources. We can't trust them, right? We've seen this before where purported deals are leaked, usually coming from Iran themselves, and people eat it up, right? They eat it up, like, they're just like, "Oh, look at this, these details are terrible. They're gonna keep their nukes. They're gonna keep control of the strait. They're gonna do this, they're gonna do that." And it turns out that that's not what the United States is getting ready to agree to. So while I don't like the whole, you know, chasing the tail exercise that it looks as if we're engaged in right now, I'm also not gonna sit there and say we're making a bad deal. I don't know what the deal is, and I believe that this administration deserves— and I've said it for a while, and I guess I'm getting a little impatient with how long it's taking, but at the same time you don't want to rush into a bad deal. I think this is the administration that'll get it right if it can be made right. The only other option at that point, if the deal is not the way that we're gonna go is to resume military operations. And sitting here on Memorial Day, it's kind of hard to, it's kind of hard to, to pound our chest and say, let's, let's do that too. But that might be the only way to deal with these guys. So I believe Donald Trump gave them another 5 to 7 days. We've also heard that before. Um, at some point though, push is going to have to come to shove. But we gotta slow down, we're gonna let it play out, and most certainly not get caught up in the hysteria. That's the top thing I can tell you to do. Don't get caught up in the hysteria. There are rumors about what this deal contains, and I was reading about this just before, you know, just before we jumped on the air from from Amwaj Media, okay, which appears to be, you know, Middle Eastern origin. And it's talking about the potential framework of the deal, and it, you know, it tells on itself, this piece. The draft framework says here, quote, the draft framework as described to Amwaj Media by Arab and Iranian sources. Arab and Iranian sources, not U.S. sources. So any of the— and, and all of this All of the details that are being leaked out, you know, in this Amwaj Media article are the same details that people were, you know, up in arms over yesterday. Guys, these are details coming from Iran. This isn't the actual deal. Now, there may be some parts of the, you know, quote unquote leaked proposal that you know, may mirror that of the actual deal. But we have seen this before, so I say take a chill pill just a little bit. All right, we'll go through what's next with Iran, and I'm hoping this thing comes to an end sooner rather than later. I've been saying that really since it started. Has the mission been accomplished? Was the mission just nuclear weapons? Is that now where we are? We'll see. You know, I had been saying we wanted to get the Strait of Hormuz and gas under control by Memorial Day. Memorial Day is here. Gas prices are not under control yet. We would, you know, if Republicans are going to do well in the midterms, this is going to have to get worked out. So we will see. We will see how far and how long this exercise with Iran goes. I am not going to say that I'm pessimistic, but I'm also going to say, you know, I'm not going to say that I'm optimistic because we've seen it before. I'm in kind of wait-and-see mode, and the cynic in me says, okay, here we go again. So we'll see. Thomas Massie has not been handling his primary election loss particularly well. Went on Meet the Press yesterday, which didn't go very well for him, as you could imagine. Like I say, he hasn't been handling it well. This is a guy, whether you like him or you don't like him, whatever. There's no doubt that if you look at the way he ran his campaign and you look at the messaging coming from Thomas Massie, that he is performing for an online audience. And this is the— this is a trap that I think we see many members of Congress and members of the government and, you know, whomever fall into. They start, they start performing for an online audience. They start using talking points that resonate online instead of talking points that resonate where most people are, not online, in the real world. Jackson Dart introduced President Trump at a rally before the weekend started, prompting nationwide meltdowns. That's funny. Because I don't remember these meltdowns over Colin Kaepernick. I remember, oh, stunning and brave, right? Disney, Mickey Mouse, got along well with Mickey Mouse. Disney's new Star Wars movie, The Mandalorian and Grogu, is tanking in the box office. Many may say rightfully so. Stephen Colbert is off the air because, well, oh, censorship. The president just now this guy was costing CBS $40 million a year. My question is, where the hell is CBS? And why aren't they saying we didn't cancel him because of the— but you would think this company's being accused of bending under the pressure of the administration. That's not why Stephen Colbert was canceled. It was— he was, he was canceled. The show was canceled because he was losing $40 million a year. Greg Stocker's favorite folks over there at the FCC, by the way, asking the public for help with regards whether to classify The View— this is a real story— The View as a bona fide news show. Spencer Pratt is surging in Los Angeles. Does he have a shot? He might. I think he's got as good a shot as anyone else who ran— who was running as a non-Republican— and I'm sorry, non-Democrat in that race. So we will get to that a little bit later on this morning. And a very bizarre story out of New Jersey that we will get to a little bit later this morning. We had a very emotional sports weekend on the racing front. Kyle Busch, a lot of tributes being paid to late NASCAR driver Kyle Busch. Cause of death details have been released as well. Speaking of sports, we can go to the great Phil Omquist, my brother in suffering, fellow New York Jets fan and fellow New York Islanders fan. We had quite a collapse to end this year, but that's okay because the future looks bright. The hockey players have been great.

[13:29] **Speaker D:** Absolutely.

[13:29] **Speaker B:** They have been fantastic. So Phil Omquist with sports, let's hear it. All right. I guess, Jim, there's no bed today, but that's okay. We will start in baseball. Oh no, no, no, no, no.

[13:40] **Speaker E:** There is a bed. I just didn't want to interrupt you. Here's the bed, Phil.

[13:43] **Speaker B:** Okay. There it is. There it is. We will start in baseball where the Phil's office They lost 3-1 to Cleveland yesterday and ended up losing 2 of 3 in the weekend series. It's their second straight series loss, ironically both to Ohio teams. They're now a game under.500 and 10 back of Atlanta, who now lead the division, uh, and lead by— like I said, lead the division by 10. But they not only lead the division, they also have the best record in baseball. How are your Rangers doing right now? We don't talk about it. Okay, we don't talk about it. Just forget that. We don't talk about it. Okay, moving on. You know, they're, they're, they're, they're doing what they normally do. 2 or 3 games under.500, losing games to Los Angeles Angels, not scoring runs. When they do score runs, they give up more runs than they score. It's just, you know, typical Rangers baseball. Typical Rangers. All right. At least I had 2023. Well, that's good. That is true. Yeah. Moving on to racing and the Indy 500. Now, before I get to the finish, which was the closest in Indy history, there were black hawks flying overhead during the pace lap. Hawks of color, by the way. This was pretty much identical to last year when I went. It was just really cool. What a sight as the 38th Combat Aviation Brigade, UH-60M Blackhawks fly above the Stars and Stripes of Santino Ferrucci's AJ Foyt racing car and this entire field. Anyway, it's just really cool to hear everything and do that when I went a year ago. Now getting back to the finish, which I said was the closest in history Here's the finish. Great run off the final corner. Here comes Rosenquist. Maloukas defends. Who has it over the line? Who's it going to be? It's Rosenquist! They'll slow it down right here. Oh my— final lap. Oh, look at that. Wow, it's not even a nose. Crazy. You can see why Maloukas is so devastated, cuz 0.02 seconds, that's the difference. 0.0233 was the exact official time between those two cars. It's crazy. Wow. Also of note, they did have a moment of silence for Kyle Busch during lap 18, which was obviously his NASCAR number from 2008 to 2022. He won 56 of his 63 Cup wins with that number. Now in Charlotte, they also obviously honored him, but during lap 8, which is his current number, and here is lap 8. And a very special moment coming here as we work lap 8, we go silent. In honor of Kyle Busch. You'll see all the people in the stands holding up 8, so, um, you know, 8 fingers for Kyle. Let me go to that wide shot. There it is. 41 is just way too young. Way too young. Unless of course you're Nick Caley. And I dig him while he's down here. That's true, you chip in. Anyway, in other news in basketball, the Knicks now lead the Cavs 3-0 in the Eastern Conference Final after winning their 10th straight. Game 4 is tonight. In the Western Conference Final, the Spurs actually beat the Thunder last night, tied that series at 2. In the NHL, Vegas beat the Avs 5-0, now lead that series 3-0. And the Eastern Conference Final in hockey is tied at 1 between Montreal and Carolina. And that's sports. Phil, the Avs lost last night, huh? They did. They were up 2-0. They started that game up 3-0, did they not? Yeah, they choked. It's amazing. So they look like they're all but done now. I mean, you know, having the best record in hockey going into the playoffs and, you know, they're down 3-0 right now. And it never usually works out well for those Presidents Trophy winners. It never does. Right, David in South Carolina, who I know is a big fan of the Avs. Is he? Okay. Anyway, that's it. Like I said, that's sports. There it is. Thank you, Phil. Phil Omquist with sports. We've got so much we're going to get to this morning. We'll start off with Iran as we get into the next segment. There are fake details leaking again, or at least rumored details leaking again. We have seen this before. So before we panic, I don't want to— you know, we don't want to start flipping out over, oh my gosh, I can't believe we're going to agree to these terms. The president made it clear yesterday on social media, nobody on our side here in our media or anything like that knows what this deal is. And once he said that, it's okay, we've seen this before. So we're gonna get into Iran. We will definitely get into Kyle Busch, 41, way too young. As I mentioned on Friday, for those of you who are listening to Kael and Company on Friday, we were talking about Kyle Busch. They had not released a cause of death I did hear Thursday evening that it was related to pneumonia, which is why I kind of came out and said, you know, all this speculation about the COVID jab and all that, that the internet loves to run around with. It was the jab. You know, nobody's ever died before the COVID vaccine. Apparently, that's, you know, that's, that's what, that's what the internet would lead you to believe. Everyone who, who dies is because they took the jab. I did hear that it was because of pneumonia. and it appears that that was one of the contributing factors, although it wasn't the only factor. Unfortunate and tragic loss of Kyle Busch. So when we come back, we'll get into the Iran deal, what's real and what's not, and, and the fallout, the potential fallout, and reactions to that on talk radio 1210 WPHD. If you want to call in, 855-839-1210, Sean Farish taking you all the way. Till 10 o'clock this morning, and we'll be right back on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD right after this. Stay right there. You know that thing where you get an amazing pair of shoes at a really great price and want to tell everyone about it? Yeah, so do we. Here at Designer Shoe Warehouse, we'll give you something to brag about, like the latest styles from brands you love, or the trends everyone's obsessing over, or shoes that make you feel like Well, you.

[19:49] **Speaker A:** So go ahead, show off a little. Find shoes that get you at prices that get your budget. Head to your DSW store or DSW.com today. DSW, let us surprise you. Just got a new puppy or kitten? Congrats, but also yikes. Between crates, beds, toys, treats, and those first few vet visits, you've probably already dropped a small fortune, which is where Lemonade Pet Insurance comes in. It helps cover vet costs so you can focus on what's best for your new pet. The coverage is customizable, sign-up is quick and easy, and your claims are handled in as little as 3 seconds. Pro tip: Lemonade offers a package specifically for puppies and kittens. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet. Your future self will thank you. Your pet won't. They don't know what insurance is.

[20:34] **Speaker B:** Nerds!

[20:35] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Ever Google a money question and end up 12 tabs deep with 12 different answers? This podcast is your shortcut back to clarity. NerdWallet's Smart Money Smart Money Podcast breaks down financial decisions with a team of trusted journalists. They explain the why behind decisions like investing, home buying, and choosing credit cards with clear, research-backed insights. No jargon, no misinformation. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[21:04] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi. And trust us, You'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Visit lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[21:33] **Speaker B:** This is the Kail and Company Podcast from Talk Radio 1210 WP. And on the free Odyssey app. Talk Radio 1210 WPHD, Sean Ferris filling in for Cale and company all the way up till 10 o'clock this morning on 1210 WPHD. We'll jump right in headfirst into this, uh, Iran potential deal. Little details broke on Saturday evening that we're getting close again. I see this is the, this is the exercise that we've been going through since that first ceasefire. We're getting close, then Iran starts to play games, then, you know, Trump says we're ready to go militarily, and then we posture ourselves as being ready to bomb them and resume military operations again, and then we get to, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, let's make a deal, and then we're getting close, and it's a— we're going around and around and around and around and around. And I get it that this is in a way a a negotiating tactic, right? This is just sometimes how negotiations go. You know, you get close, you get far away, you get close, you get far away. And, you know, both sides are bluffing and who's got what and who's getting ready to do what and all these different things. It is getting a bit tiring, but, you know, none of this is supposed to be easy. But this is what seems to happen every time we get close to a deal. Details come out, people start losing their minds over the details. And you've got to consider and at least ask where those details are coming from if they look as— should we say ridiculous? Should we say that they don't look as complete or favorable to the United States? So Saturday it gets announced that a deal is, you know, close again. And we were with some friends on Saturday. Oh, we made a deal. I said, oh, did we really? You know, I can't help but like roll my eyes at news of an Iran deal because we've just seen this before. That's the problem. We've seen the— we've seen this whole exercise play out a number of times since that first ceasefire at the beginning of April. But anyway, I don't want to— I don't want to make it sound like I think the administration isn't doing this properly because I think they are toeing a very fine line and walking a tightrope rather effectively here, all while really not putting members of our military in harm's way too much, right? It's not like we're still bombing them and there's no ground invasion right now. And so I would much rather this as opposed to that alternative, boots on the ground alternative. Right. President Trump yesterday responded to criticism coming from a lot of people, but namely those who are very excited about war. Call him a warmonger if you want. Not Trump. You call these people warmongers if you want. President Trump announced the largely negotiated framework on Saturday Included in the plan is a 60-day ceasefire, the reopening of the Strait of Hormuz, and concessions from Iran on nuclear enrichment, and Hezbollah ending its offensive against Israel. Early reports of the deal with Iran suggest that an agreement is near and that Iran is poised to reopen the Strait of Hormuz and abandon its nuclear enrichment program. But various would-be allies of the president in the media and such have come out questioning the president's deal-making capabilities, suggesting that he should not be so quick to end the war. Namely, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, who has spent a lot of Trump's second term thus far pushing for war with Iran, slamming the potential deal on Saturday as a nightmare for Israel. See, this is why This is why people run with the whole 'the United States is owned by Israel' conspiracy theory, because you have Lindsey Graham coming out saying this is a nightmare for Israel. Well, that's not why we're fighting, right? That's not what we were told. Okay. Ted Cruz said he's deeply concerned as he clutched his pearls over the notion of a deal. Ted Cruz further suggested that Trump was making a disastrous mistake with the deal that would result in Iran receiving billions of dollars, being able to enrich uranium and develop nuclear weapons. All right, like, I get if you're concerned, fine, you're a senator, it's your job, you're right, whatever. What is the one thing that Donald Trump has said from day one about Iran and nuclear weapons? Iran will never have a nuclear weapon. Iran will never have a nuclear weapon. So now here's Ted Cruz saying he thinks it's a disastrous mistake, saying that Iran will get billions of dollars and be able to enrich uranium. Well, if you're reading a deal that says Iran's gonna be able to enrich uranium and develop nuclear weapons, then maybe, Ted, that's not the deal that we're about to agree to, since that's the center point of what we're doing this whole war for in the first place. I'm gonna ask this: how could you be so stupid to believe that that's what we're about to sign? They're gonna be able to make nukes. Then that's not the freaking deal. We haven't learned? Month and a half, we're watching this same exercise. We've seen this every time a deal looks like it's close. And Trump comes out, Iran has agreed to turn over the nuclear dust or whatever the heck he calls it, right? The nuclear material. And then Iran comes out and goes, no, no, no, no, no, that's not part of the deal. So if you're hearing now that Iran's going to be able to develop nuclear weapons after signing this deal, you could probably bet your bottom dollar that it's bullcrap, right? I mean, does it take like a 30-year law enforcement investigative veteran to figure out that then that maybe the rumors that we're hearing are not accurate with regards to what this deal contains? Both of the senators, Graham and Cruz, were amplified with retweets from a guy I respect, but I mean, Mark Levin, what are we doing? Levin says, and I don't disagree with this, history teaches us that peace deals are best made after the enemy is defeated or surrendered. I thought we did defeat Iran, right? I mean, their military has been completely neutered. Well, Trump responded to this and said, if I make a deal with Iran, it will be a good and proper one, not like the one made by Obama, which gave Iran massive amounts of cash and a clear and open path to a nuclear weapon. Our deal is the exact opposite, but nobody has seen— this is most important— nobody has seen it. So for anybody who's bringing up, well, what about this in the deal? What about that in the deal? That's not the deal. Okay. What you're doing is, and this is it, we should not be falling for this anymore, is you're taking propaganda that is being leaked out by the regime that is designed to sow discord in the United States. This is what they're doing. They are leaking. Iran, as I mentioned, is this— this— this, uh, Amwaj Media that is reporting on the quote-unquote framework, the draft framework of the deal. And it says in this article, the draft framework as described to Amwaj Media by Arab and Iranian sources Folks, it is a— all of the rumors that you're hearing about this deal, it's coming from Iran. You can't believe it and take it as gospel. It's basically Iran negotiating in public, which in a way is what Trump is doing. You're not gonna have a nuke, you're gonna reopen the strait. No, we're gonna have a nuke and we're gonna control the strait. You know, they're— which is why when I see this, you know, Trump saying one thing in public and Iran Iranian sources to these media outlets leaking other details in public, I'm going, this doesn't look like we're close to a deal. So we go through this exercise again. But I caution you against— and you'll see, you know, you'll see Fox News run with this, the New York Post run with this, you'll see a bunch of other outlets that you would otherwise trust run with this, but pay attention to the phrase, oh, proposed 'Uh, rumors of the deal, information that was obtained by blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.' On the United States side, according to the president, nobody other than negotiating team knows what this deal contains. We've seen Iran try to save face before with, you know, in, in episodes and exercises like this. Please don't fall for clear and obvious propaganda. If you're seeing a deal or rumors of a deal or draft framework or whatever the hell you want to call it leaked out to the internet, leaked out to the public, that in any way, shape, or form includes the ability of Iran to obtain a nuclear weapon, you can look at that and go, well, there's no way that's the deal because that's why we're doing all this in the first place. That's what Trump said. They're never going to have a nuke, so he's not going to sign on to something that allows them to build a nuke. You would think Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham and Mark Levin would understand this. And I like Mark. I'm not necessarily the biggest fan of Lindsey. And Ted Cruz, I could take him or leave him. It's good sometimes. He's not great sometimes. Like, let's just— before we go into full-blown Karen mode and start clutching pearls all over the place, relax and realize he's not signing a deal that's going to allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon. That's the, that's the whole reason why we did Operation Midnight Hammer last year. That's the whole reason why we did what we did this year, beginning in, you know, late February, early March. So don't fall for these fake leaks. Don't fall for these— I mean, it is obvious that Iran and these bad actors are floating propaganda and inaccurate information out into the ether on the internet for consumption, and people are going, 'Oh, this is the deal? This is terrible! What is he doing?' And just undermining faith in the entire process. Don't fall for that. It's exactly what the enemy wants you to do. Exactly what they want you to do. All right, um, when we come back here, we have some running updates on Iran. A lot of murkiness. And as I said, for me personally, looking at how both sides are acting here, the cynic in me, you know, says I don't know how close we actually are to a deal. But we'll see, we will see. We'll get back to, uh, some, some, some new updates on this whole thing and Uh, we'll try and distill fact from fiction when we come back here on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD. 855-839-1210 if you'd like to chime in as we are halfway through hour one. We would love to take your calls and, uh, your thoughts on the latest updates with Iran. Do you think it ends this week? Are we close? Are we not close? What are you looking for? What are you concerned about? 855-839-1210. Would love to hear from you. We'll have the latest updates on Iran and a little bit more when we come back on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD. Sean Farish taking you all the way till 10 o'clock this morning. We'll be right back after this.

[34:07] **Speaker A:** Just got a new puppy or kitten? Congrats, but also yikes. Between crates, beds, toys, treats, and those first few vet visits, you've probably already dropped a small fortune, which is where Lemonade Pet Insurance comes in. It helps cover vet costs so you can focus on what's best for your new pet. The coverage is customizable, sign-up is quick and easy, and your claims are handled in as little as 3 seconds. Pro tip: Lemonade offers a package specifically for puppies and kittens. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet. Your future self will thank you. Your pet won't. They don't know what insurance is.

[34:41] **Speaker B:** Nerds!

[34:42] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Personal finance can feel like a pop quiz you didn't study for. This podcast is your study guide. On NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast, you'll hear from trusted journalists who explain the why behind major financial decisions. You'll get research-backed insights and clear pros and cons, whether you're planning a big purchase or just want to grow your wealth. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[35:11] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi. And trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to Lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Visit Lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[35:41] **Speaker C:** Presented by T-Mobile, the official wireless partner of Odyssey Sports. With an awesome network and great savings, there's never been a better time to join T-Mobile. Visit your neighborhood store to make the switch today.

[35:53] **Speaker B:** Introducing the all-new MLB Plus, your ticket to streaming baseball's best. Enjoy MLB Network 24/7 with live out-of-market games and award-winning shows. Enhance game nights with MLB Big Inning, live and commercial-free. And hear live home and away radio broadcasts of every game. Blackout free. Even stream minor league games all season. It's all here and it's all new. Get MLB+ for just $59.99 a year. Visit mlb.com/mlbplus. It's Kail and Company on demand from Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Talk Radio 1210 WPHD on this Memorial Day morning. Sean Ferris taking you all the way till 10 o'clock. This morning on this Memorial Day. Latest updates with Iran. As I mentioned, the rumors of this deal that are leaking, the president shot those rumors down, said nobody knows what the deal is, what are you freaking out about? Which I play— don't fall for it! We love that. We love that drop. So for my show on rumble.com/LFA TV, that's actually one of our listeners' kids. They sent that to us. Use this as a clip. Don't fall for it.

[37:14] **Speaker E:** So we love it.

[37:15] **Speaker B:** You hear all these rumors of a bad deal about to be signed, and we play the don't fall for it drop. We love that. There it is. All right, let's get to some latest updates. Iran says oil exports cannot be reduced to zero, citing secret routes. Iran's oil exports cannot be reduced to zero despite pressure and sanctions, an economic advisor to Iranian President Massoud Pahlavi said on Sunday. Massouma Aghapour said Iran has alternative export routes and oil infrastructure beyond its main hub at Kharg Island and the country's southern export terminals. Quote, we have other routes and other oil resources in other regions for exports which we are not going to reveal. Okay. The United Kingdom is preparing Strait of Hormuz deployment to clear mines once the United States and Iran have reached a deal. Hundreds of British sailors are preparing to deploy to the Strait of Hormuz to help clear mines. The outlet reported Sunday that once a deal is reached between the United States and Iran, the RFA Lime Bay docked off the coast of Gibraltar will leave for the Middle East. The vessel's being loaded with ammunition and mine-hunting sea drones equipped with sonar. It's expected to join the British destroyer HMS Dragon and allied ships providing air support before transiting the Suez Canal en route to the Persian Gulf. Iran could deploy a huge variety of mines throughout the strait, according to Commander Gemma Britton. Head of the Royal Navy's Mine and Threat Exploitation Group. So that's from the, uh, that is from the, uh, UK side of things. Iran threatened to quit their nuclear treaty and break the naval blockade. They're not going to be able to break the United States' naval blockade, not with their navy anyway. Iran's management of the Strait of Hormuz ends 50 years of insecurity in the Persian Gulf. Iranian news agencies quoted Rezaei as saying, according to the Jerusalem Post, Rezaei— these names— who is subject to US sanctions, also said that Iran has strong reasons for keeping control over the strait, claiming Tehran's objective is to prevent the Persian Gulf from becoming a center for military deployments and instability. His remarks were published Sunday by Mehr News Agency, a semi-official Iranian news outlet. Again, Look at where these statements are being published and look at who's making them. And when you see that this is regime propaganda, or, or at the, at the very least, there's, you know, a small element of truth that's been heavily diluted by regime propaganda, you know that it's most likely something you should not be falling for. Iran's official IRGC spokesperson, Ibrahim al-Fiqar, warned if the Strait of Hormuz was attacked, Tehran's forces would break the US blockade of Iranian ports. Um, one would think that if they could, they would. They can't. I don't believe that for a second. I don't believe that for a second. All right, what else with the updates? Oil prices came down a little bit yesterday. We've seen that before. Rubio calls for Hezbollah destabilizing Lebanon. Rubio says Hezbollah destabilizing Lebanon. Their chief, Hezbollah's chief, is calling for a government overthrow there. Israel may revamp their or restart their attacks against Hezbollah. Trump gives Iran 5, 6, or 7 days to finalize deal as no dust, no dollars talks continue. Framework agreement with Iran was 95% there as of Sunday. Officials told Fox News, though they said negotiators were still haggling over language detailing Tehran's nuclear stockpile and straight-of-forward moves, quote, we're not going to roll over, we are not there yet on a deal, we are not going to sign a deal today or tomorrow, the official said, before adding that President Donald Trump's instinct is to give them 5, 6, or 7 days to get an agreement over the finish line. The official confirmed a no dust, no dollars policy that is guiding negotiations adding that Iran had agreed in principle to the framework and we are 95% there. Quote, we have a deal on nuclear stockpile and the Strait of Hormuz but are negotiating language, the official said, reiterating the administration's no dust, no dollars approach. Quote, we have the opportunity to make a deal that will lower costs for Americans while ensuring the Iranians do not get a nuclear weapon. We are not going to do a bad deal, that's for sure. We have optionality and can resume military strikes if a deal is not reached. Trump also instructed negotiators on Sunday not to rush into a deal and stressed that time is on our side. Okay. So you have both sides publicly releasing statements that appear that they're not in line with each other. Is this a game of poker that is being played in the public eye? Is it not? Is it more of the same? I— the cynic in me tells me that what we're watching here between the United States and Iran is just more of the same. I— it's not that I don't have faith in this administration to reach a deal. It's that we can't trust Iran. That's lesson number one. When I say we, I don't mean the president of the United States. I mean we, like the public. And so again, when you see these terms of these deals being released, and those deals include Iran being able to build a nuclear weapon like Ted Cruz is freaking out about, you have to be smarter than to freak out over that. You can't look at that and go, "Wha? What are we signing?" He's not signing that. You just heard from the US side of these negotiations that the deal that is— that they believe is 95% agreed to, you know, includes turning over the nuclear stockpile. So when the Iranians and their sources come out and go, we're gonna be able to keep building a nuke and we're gonna be able to keep the nuclear stockpile— clearly the United States mantra with this whole— and their MO with this whole deal is no dust, no dollars. They say dust I mean, the nuclear stockpile. So I want to just calm down. Here's what I think is going to happen in the next 5 to 7 days. You're going to— it's going to fall through again. And I believe, as I have since probably the first or second time we've gone through this roundabout exercise, this tail-chasing exercise of we have a deal, we're waiting on the final terms, Iran's now saying something different, and, uh, all right, that's it, we're getting ready to bomb you again. And then Iran comes back and says, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, please don't bomb us, don't bomb us, don't bomb us, let's make a deal. That tail-chasing exercise has been repeating itself, that cycle has been repeating itself since early April, okay? And I, I, the way the information is being put out there right now from, you know, both sides of these negotiations. I feel like that's going to happen again in another 5 to 7 days. I, I think unfortunately that we're going to have to bomb them again and start military operations again to further weaken them again and advance our position of strength at the negotiating table again. That's where I think we're going to wind up. Now, throughout all this murkiness, I'm hoping, really hoping that we do get to strike a deal and get this behind us because we got an election in about 5 months. And as much as I love, you know, you know, talking about these midterms predictions and all of this, It's going to be real hard for the Republican Party to do well in these midterm elections if the national price of gas is, you know, in the mid-4s. It's going to be real hard. So that's not a reason to rush into a deal. It's not a reason to rush into a deal. I think I said it on Friday when I was doing the afternoon show that a nuclear-armed Iran is worse for us and the world than the Democrats taking back the House. That's a tough one, like, what's, what's worse? Yeah, I don't want Iran with a nuclear weapon because those sick SOBs would use it. So that's where we are with Iran. We'll do, uh, put our final touches on, on this opening hour and the Iran story, because frankly, it's been the same story for a month and a half. Round and around and around we go. And I get it, that's how negotiations work, and I'm not trying to say the administration doesn't know what it's doing. As a matter of fact, I believe they know exactly what they're doing, and they're trying to exhaust every diplomatic avenue before we have to resume military strikes. But unfortunately, I do believe that we are gonna have to resume those military strikes in order to get this thing wrapped up. 855-839-1210 if you want to jump in. Sean Farish taking you all the way till 10 o'clock this morning on talk radio 1210 WPHD. We'll come back, wrap up the first hour with the final touches and final updates on this Iran conflict, what to expect next, right after this. Don't go anywhere, we will be back. 855-839-1210. What do you think? Is going to happen with this Iran conflict? Give us a call, let us know. We'll be right back after this.

[47:34] **Speaker A:** Just got a new puppy or kitten? Congrats, but also yikes. Between crates, beds, toys, treats, and those first few vet visits, you've probably already dropped a small fortune, which is where Lemonade Pet Insurance comes in. It helps cover vet costs so you can focus on what's best for your new pet. The coverage is customizable, sign up is quick and easy, and your claims are handled in as little as 3 seconds. Pro tip: Lemonade offers a package specifically for puppies and kittens. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet. Your future self will thank you. Your pet won't. They don't know what insurance is.

[48:08] **Speaker B:** Nerds!

[48:09] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money podcast. Ever Google a money question and end up 12 tabs deep with 12 different answers? This podcast is your shortcut back to clarity. NerdWallet's Smart Money podcast breaks down financial decisions with a team of trusted journalists. They explain the why behind decisions like investing, home buying, and choosing credit cards with clear research-backed insights. No jargon, no misinformation. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[48:39] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi. And trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to Lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Visit Lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[49:08] **Speaker C:** Presented by T-Mobile, the official wireless partner of Audacy Sports. With an awesome network and great savings, there's never been a better time to join T-Mobile. Visit your neighborhood store to make the switch today.

[49:20] **Speaker B:** You didn't start a business just to keep the lights on. You're here to sell more today than yesterday. You're here to win. Lucky for you, Shopify built the best converting checkout on the planet. Like the just one tapping, ridiculously fast acting, sky-high sales stacking champion of checkouts. That's the good stuff right there. So if your business is in it to win it, You win with Shopify. Start your free trial today at shopify.com/win. This is the Kaelin Company podcast from Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and on the free Odyssey app. Talk Radio 1210 WPHD Memorial Day, wrapping up hour one here with some updates on the Iran front. I am all Iran'd out. I want this to end, but I do want this to end on our terms. I mean, you know, I'm not the president of the United States. What would I have done? I probably would have dropped a few more bombs by now. I don't have— I don't have this much patience. I credit Donald Trump for having this much patience and this much restraint, but I don't— I don't have this much patience. I gotta be honest. In my opinion, I don't see how this whole thing stays intact. It appears like more of the same from, from the Iranian side. We get close, they start changing terms. You just, you cannot, you can't trust these people. You can't. And I know the question is, you know, the question that we all have to wrestle with and grapple with is, well, what's the other option, right? Like What is the other option here? If you're gonna say bomb 'em, like, what does that mean? How many people have to die? This is tough. I mean, this is why I'm happy I'm not the president of the United States, right? How many civilians, right? I mean, look, every time you drop a bomb, someone's probably gonna lose their life. You gotta live with that. What options do we have? I mean, do we keep doing this roundabout exercise? How long does that continue? The longer that continues, the longer the strait remains closed. The longer the strait remains closed, the longer global oil prices remain elevated. The longer global oil prices remain elevated, the longer our fuel prices at home remain elevated. And then politically— and Iran knows this— that hurts the president, that hurts the Republican Party in the midterms. I mean, these people aren't stupid. They do some stupid things. They're a bunch of third world savages, but they're not dumb. Trump says time is on our side, and it is, you know, if you're looking at this military campaign in a vacuum, but there are these other external factors. You know, a couple of things that I gotta— I'm gonna be a little critical of here. When we first started the blockade, we were told 14 days and then Iran's gonna be in trouble. Well, it's been A lot longer than 14 days. And I get it, no plan survives contact with the enemy. I'm not trying to say that the administration doesn't know what it's doing and that we're being lied to or any of these things. It's just that, you know, this, this, this part of the operation is moving at a snail's pace and it's not going to move quickly. You know, you can't— a deal like this is not going to happen overnight. I get all of this. And, and it's like, we're close, we're not close. Now we're closer than we were before, but then we're not close. So we're in and we're out and we're bombing them and then we're not bombing them. And it's power plant day and it's not power plant day. And at some point, and I have to ask, what point does something have to give here? And that's the question that a lot of people are grappling with and wrestling with this morning. At what point do we stop this roundabout exercise, this round and round, this tail-chasing exercise over and over and over again? Deal? No, it's like, you know, the Howie Mandel Show. Deal or no deal? Deal or no deal? Deal or no deal? You know, at what point do we, do we not abandon that but put that, that process on the back burner and drop a few more bombs, you know, resume the campaign in, you know, a little bit to force the Iranians either into the deal that we want, or hey, maybe the regime is overthrown. That's the one thing that bothers me about this whole thing, is that it looks as if this regime is gonna survive, which is a net negative for the world. I mean, we took out their leadership structure, but they've clearly got something in place right now that's keeping everything in check. I mean, it was supposed to be an uprising of the American people— of the Iranian people after we first started everything, and then the Kurds stole the guns or whatever the heck happened. It just— there's a lot of murkiness here, and it's one of those things where, like, I don't see how this is any different than it was the first couple times we went through this exercise. And so the cynic in me is saying, alright, a deal, I'll believe it when I see it. I could be wrong, and frankly, I hope I am, because I'm ready for this saga to end. But it has to end on our terms. It has to end on our terms. And that is why, you know, we look at these quote unquote leaked proposals and deals and terms, and I look at them and I go, that doesn't look like that's the deal that we're going to be— that does not look like that's still the United States going to be signing. And again, that is to paint the United States as capitulating, surrendering, right? I mean, if the terms that are being leaked right now are legitimate, then it would look like the United States is surrendering, and that's not what's happening. There's no way the leaked terms of this agreement is what we're about to sign. No way. So we'd be wise to those tricks, right? We stay— we stay wise to those tricks, and we understand that that's not— that's not what's going on. I, I can't help but look at this through a political lens. Every day that goes by, especially now that we are, we are into, you know, today is the unofficial start of summer. Summer travel season is going to be underway soon. Colleges are wrapping up, schools are wrapping up. Beach season is underway. Travel season, summer travel season is underway. And with these high fuel costs, whether it's right or wrong, this is what people do. Gas prices are high. They point the finger right at the president. We all remember the Joe Biden, I did that stickers. I feel like you've got a very short period of time until you start seeing Trump ones on the gas pumps. And I'm not saying right or wrong. And I'm not saying we shouldn't have gone in there and stopped Iran from building a nuke and started this campaign. What I'm saying is that is what happens. The general public blames the president for gas prices. That's, you know, well, but, but that's not real. That's not true. That's not the right way. I don't care if it's real, true, or the right way to do it, or if it's logical. That's what happens. Don't give me but this, but that. I'm telling you what is. Gas goes up, people blame the president. No matter who the president is, they blame the president, period. And if you're blaming the president for high gas prices 5 months before midterm elections, it's going to hurt. It's going to hurt the Republican Party. So I want it to end, but then again, it's got to end on our terms. And we keep hearing, oh, if they don't agree, then we're going to go back. If they don't agree, then we're going to do this. If they don't agree, then we're going to do that. Well, at some point we're going to have to now make good on that threat. And I'm hoping, hoping it doesn't come to that, but if I, I feel like it's going to have to come to that. This round and round and round and round game. We've got to break this cycle. And unfortunately, the only way to break that cycle is by dropping a few more bombs. I don't see another way to do it. I hope I'm wrong. And I hope this deal is, uh, I hope, I hope this is where this entire conflict ends and we can start to move past it and get into, you know, more issues that are important for Americans here at home. All right, 855-839-1210 if you have any thoughts on Iran. When we come back, we're going to jump into a pretty brutal day for— it's been a brutal week for Thomas Massie. He went on Meet the Press yesterday to talk about his primary election loss, and wouldn't you know it, looks like he hasn't learned a thing either. 855-839-1210, we'll be back to kickoff hour 2. Sean Ferris taking you all the way to 10 o'clock this morning, filling in for Cale and company. Give us a call if you've got opinions on Iran. If not, sit back and listen as we kick off hour 2 next, or back after this. Start your day with Kaelin Company, weekday mornings 6 till 10 on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Talk Radio 1210 WPHD, Sean Farish here with you until we get to 10 o'clock this morning on this Memorial Day. May 25th, 2026, 3 years ago today, my wife and I got married. How cool is that? Yes, it is our 3rd anniversary this morning.

[59:30] **Speaker E:** Ah, happy anniversary!

[59:32] **Speaker B:** Here it is. Thank you, Jimmy K. Did, uh, Mr.

[59:34] **Speaker E:** President call and give you a happy anniversary wish, or no?

[59:38] **Speaker B:** I haven't heard from him yet. He's still— he's still working. He's still working the phones with Iran, right? Still dealing with, uh, with a bunch of people don't like Pork. There you go. Oh, okay. I see a couple of comments in our YouTube chat too. Any thoughts on the possibility of Jim Clyburn being unemployed? Plenty of thoughts on that. We will actually— I'll touch on that a little later. We have Mike calling from Israel. Hey, maybe this is my AIPAC handler. No, I'm just kidding. Mike in Israel, what's going on? Talk Radio 1210 WPHD.

[60:10] **Speaker F:** Yeah, I've called before. Can you hear me?

[60:13] **Speaker B:** I got you, Mike, loud and clear. What's up?

[60:15] **Speaker F:** I think you can hear me. Okay. I'm just calling in to see if I can add anything to this, um, Iranian issue. I've been here a few years, mostly because my daughter moved here, uh, married an Israeli and has two kids, and I as a grandfather spend time helping out with them and all that. But, um, it's, uh, I guess I wanted to say a couple of things. Um, yeah, go for it. The first is that, uh, a lot of Israelis are, are so far have been disappointed because he, Trump, said he was going to, um, do something with the uranium and so far hasn't. And the ballistic missile program is still highly threatening. And, uh, let's see, what else can I tell you? Let's see, living here with the Iranian ballistic missiles, when they come over, these things are 40 feet long, 6 feet wide, they have 1,000 pounds of explosives on top. If they hit your building, your building is gone. And you end up having to run to bomb shelters at 3 o'clock in the morning, 4 o'clock, 5 o'clock, 1 o'clock. It's a horrible experience, I'll tell you. It's terrifying. These, um, it really is. And, uh, the other, other thing maybe people don't think about that much that for all the years that the USSR and the United States threatened each other with annihilation, they never once launched a ballistic missile because the other side would have to assume they had a new— they had a new connection.

[62:17] **Speaker B:** Yeah, mutually assured destruction.

[62:18] **Speaker F:** Yeah, yeah. But, but here Israel is clobbered by ballistic missiles all the time. And how are they ever going to know what's on it?

[62:31] **Speaker B:** No, you're right, you're right about that. I don't think Iran plays by the, you know, the mutually assured destruction rules, and that's why you can't trust them with a nuclear weapon, right? That's the whole reason why you can't trust them with a nuke. And I get it from the standpoint of somebody, you know, you're in the line of fire at this point. And all of Israel.

[62:51] **Speaker F:** Oh yes.

[62:52] **Speaker B:** And Iran has been explicit that they want to wipe out Israel. They want to take Israel off the map.

[62:59] **Speaker F:** Um, they also would be more than willing to, uh, harbor destruction in the U.S. which they, they can figure out. And it's not just that, it's, you know, Iran is not an Arab country and all the Arab countries are now terrified of Iran.

[63:15] **Speaker B:** Yep.

[63:15] **Speaker F:** They have launched ballistic missiles and drones everywhere. The UAE, they almost took out a nuclear power plant in one of those countries.

[63:29] **Speaker B:** Yeah, they took almost, uh, it was Saudi Arabia, I think it was, or UAE, where they hit a nuclear power plant. They also proved that their ballistic missiles can go much further than many people suspected. when they attacked or launched an attack on Diego Garcia, the joint US-UK base, which puts a lot of Europe in the attack radius right now. So I mean, there's, there's plenty to be concerned about. The problem is, I mean, Europe's not helping, uh, and what, what are the— what is the path forward with Iran, right? I mean, do you, do you bomb them into submission? I mean, that's what I would have done. Looked like we thought we did that, but we didn't actually do that. So what do you do?

[64:11] **Speaker F:** Yeah, it's like, it's like Iran is really run now by the, um, the Republican Guard, the civilian population.

[64:22] **Speaker B:** Yep.

[64:23] **Speaker F:** The IRGC. They're really running the country. Iran has proved that they care less about the civilian population. They didn't care about the Gazans. They wanted Hamas to run them up. They don't care about the Lebanese and want Hezbollah to run them up. They're willing to, and Yemen, they're willing to sacrifice the civilian population to achieve their goals. So it's pretty, it's not a fun place, I'll tell you. Wayne, PA was much more fun.

[64:56] **Speaker B:** Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure. Well, I appreciate your call, Mike. Yeah, I appreciate your call and thank you so much for listening and giving us some perspective from Israel. Thank you. Mike from Israel giving us a call. We've spoken to him before, and it's got to be a tough place to be these days. And I understand that the, you know, as Mike said, the Israelis are not thrilled with maybe what the endgame looks like here. And the only thing I would push back on, and this is going to sound cold, and I don't want to sound cold, but The only thing I'd push back on is, or ask, is it the United States' responsibility to— how do I want to phrase this without sounding like a cold, you know, lifeless ghoul, right? Is it the United States' responsibility to make sure that the Israeli people are happy with our deal, right? And I'm not trying to say we just disregard what they want. Of course, this is going to play a role. They're our allies in the region. You know, I support Israel. I'm not trying to go down this, you know, Thomas Massie woke-right path. But at the same time, our duty, the way we negotiate it, is to our people first. So there may be points of contention in a, in a potential deal. Like, let's, let's say for all intents and purposes, a deal is signed and there are details in there that Benjamin Netanyahu isn't happy with. Okay. But like, our job is to make sure that we have a deal that we're comfortable with, not not the whole rest of the— because you're never going to please everybody, right? And so I don't want to be like, screw them, who cares. That's not what I'm saying. And I understand, I don't know what it's like to be, you know, living in a country where ballistic missiles are raining down and you have to go into a bomb shelter at 3 in the morning. It's not fun. I mean, I've heard stories, we know a few people over there and Heard the stories about that type of exercise, 3 in the morning, getting up, bomb shelter. Who knows if it's gonna get through the Iron Dome, et cetera, et cetera. And yes, their ballistic missile program, you know, if you attach a nuclear warhead to one of those things, they don't care about mutually assured destruction. You have to understand too, this is not like a foreign country, as Mike said, the USSR. This is not just a foreign country that is, you know, Iran, that is, you know, achieving nuclear weapons. Like Pakistan, for example, has nukes. India has nukes. Iran is run right now by religious fanatics. This isn't about governing a sovereign country. This isn't about, you know, geopolitics. This is a jihad. For them. They don't care. They will launch a nuke because they believe it is their, you know, their religious calling to do so. That's the problem. So it's like, oh, well, mutually assured destruction, that's why nobody else— like North Korea. North Korea is not run by a religious fanatic. It's a maniac over there, little rocket man, I get it, but he's not on a jihad. So very complex situation out there in Iran, but I'd like to see it wrapped up. But I also, you know, I also sympathize with those who are kind of saying, well, if you're not going to take away their ballistic missiles program, then they're still going to be able to project power outside of their border. I get it, I get it, I get it, I get it, I get it. It's not easy, and it's very easy and lazy in my opinion. Well, why'd we do anything at all? Well, because if you didn't, the thought was that they'd be able to acquire a nuclear weapon. And once they have a nuclear weapon, it is over. You think what they're doing with the Strait of Hormuz is bad? As Marco Rubio said, and I'll toot my own horn here, I said it before Marco said it, weeks before Marco said it, but if you think what they're doing with the Strait of Hormuz is bad without nukes, try negotiating with them if they're behind a nuclear shield. At that point, it becomes impossible because then they'll say, well, no, no, no, if you don't sign on to what we want, we're just launching this bad boy. Then what? You can't assume that they're bluffing. These people aren't like the rest of the world. That's why the rest of the Arab world is terrified of Iran, because Iran doesn't play by the same set of rules. All right, let's pivot away from, uh, from Iran here. We'll go to one of Iran's most, uh, admired congressmen, Thomas Massie. Obviously last week lost his, uh, primary in Kentucky's 4th Congressional District. And for those of you who follow me online, those of you watch my show, rumble.com/LFA TV, I am no fan of Thomas Massie. Now at one point in my life, I was a bit of a fan of Massie. I bought into some of the things that he was talking about. And maybe at one point in time he did have those principles that we hear about so many times, but I think he has gone astray and gone off the rails a little bit here. And I was very happy to see Thomas Massie lose his seat. And it's not because, oh yeah, you just, you know, you're just like blindly loyal to Trump, man. Like, I just spent the whole first hour of this show kind of criticizing, but saying, hey, you know, This round and round and round idea, I don't like it, right? And I'm frustrated with how long things have taken. It's not— this is not about, you know, is Thomas Massie loyal to Trump or loyal to the Republican Party? This is, to me, is Thomas Massie full of sugar honey iced tea or not? And I think at this point in time of his career, he's full of— he's full of it. There's a lot of people who are attributing a lot of things to why Thomas Massie lost his race. Okay. Was it the most expensive congressional primary in the history of the United States? The answer is yes. It was very expensive. There was a lot of money spent, by the way, on both sides. Thomas Massie individually raised more money than Ed Galraine did. Ed Galraine had a lot, a lot of PAC money, whether it was AIPAC or pro-Galraine PACs. In Kentucky running ads for him. Thomas Massie had a lot of pro-Massie PACs in, in, uh, in Kentucky running, running ads for him as well. And Young Americans for Liberty, which is a cool organization, paying people to go knock on doors for Thomas Massie. And, you know, about a few weeks before the race, I was saying I think Thomas Massie's in good position because I saw a robust ground game in that district. So then how did he lose if he had a robust ground game? Sean, you're always on here talking about elections are won on doorsteps and porches and living rooms and one in the trenches and one in the real world. Well, the problem comes, you know, when, I mean, you could knock on a door and say, hey, this bag of dog crap is running for county mayor and they're not gonna vote for it because nobody wants a bag of dog crap. Now I'm not saying Thomas Massie's that bad, but my point is it doesn't matter how many people you've got knocking on doors if your candidate is not attractive. And it's not like Thomas Massie's only been in Congress for 6 years. He's been in Congress for 14 years. What has he accomplished for the people of his district? I mean that. I'm not taking a shot. Well, I'm taking a shot, but what has Thomas Massie accomplished for the people of his, of his district over 14 years? Anytime I've asked him, well, he's principled, man. Cool. What has he done for his people in his district? Well, he's America first. Okay. Again, that's very nice. I'm happy you were burping. I'm happy you're able to burp up and regurgitate that slop. Good. Good for you. That system's working properly. Good. Yeah. You wouldn't want that to get stuck down there. What has he accomplished for his— for his— for his—

[73:39] **Speaker A:** Just got a new puppy or kitten? Congrats! But also, yikes. Between crates, beds, toys, treats, and those first few vet visits, you've probably already dropped a small fortune. Which is where Lemonade Pet Insurance comes in. It helps cover vet costs so you can focus on what's best for your new pet. The coverage is customizable, sign-up is quick and easy, and your claims are handled in as little in as little as 3 seconds. Pro tip: Lemonade offers a package specifically for puppies and kittens. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet. Your future self will thank you. Your pet won't. They don't know what insurance is. Real skin results start with one daily ritual. Meet Daily Microfoliant from Dermalogica. This iconic exfoliating powder activates with water to gently polish away dullness and uneven texture. It leaves skin instantly smoother and more luminous while supporting your skin barrier. Formulated with professional expertise to deliver visible results daily, even on sensitive skin. Discover your healthiest skin today. Visit Dermalogica.com and use code SMOOTH at checkout for an exclusive gift with your $65 purchase.

[74:44] **Speaker E:** Nerds!

[74:44] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Personal finance can feel like a pop quiz you didn't study for. This podcast is your study guide. On NerdWallet's Smart Money podcast, you'll hear from trusted journalists who explain the why behind major financial decisions. You'll get research-backed insights and clear pros and cons, whether you're planning a big purchase or just want to grow your wealth. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[75:14] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi, And trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to Lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty program subject to terms and conditions. Visit Lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[75:44] **Speaker C:** Presented by T-Mobile, the official wireless partner of Audacy Sports. With an awesome network and great savings, there's never been a better time to join T-Mobile. Visit your neighborhood store to make the switch today.

[75:55] **Speaker B:** His district. It's Kail and Company on demand from Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Don't even tell me that's not even about what legislation has passed. He's had one bill passed, by the way, which was the Epstein Files Transparency Act. It's an important issue. I'm not telling you that it's not an important issue. But it doesn't lower costs for people in Kentucky 4. It doesn't bring investments into Kentucky 4. It doesn't bring— the Epstein Files Transparency Act does not bring jobs into the district. It sheds some light and brings transparency on, on a very important issue. I'm not downplaying the allegations there, but what does it do for people going up and down the grocery store aisles going, dang, this stuff is expensive. What does it do for someone who just lost their job in Kentucky to an AI company or whatever that can't find a well-paying job? This is my question. And they say, whoa, so you don't care? I just said I care. I'm just asking, how is this issue number one? How does this address the most pressing priorities in the district? And the answer is it doesn't. Here's, in my opinion, why Thomas Massie lost his primary. Okay? And I want you to understand that I'm coming at this from an angle as someone who has seen good campaigns and bad campaigns from an on-the-ground activist perspective. Okay, that's a perspective that I want to bring into this thing. Thomas Massie— and there's a list of reasons I'm going to go down here for you— lost because he was and still is disconnected from the real world. He performs for an online audience. The internet is not real life. There are real people on the internet. There are real conversations on the internet. There are real debates on the internet. There are real issues discussed on the internet. But the internet is not real life. For those of you who are on X, have you noticed— it's almost impossible not to notice— that the massive bot swarms that were in favor, you know, the massive swarms of, of quote-unquote people that were posting and replying in favor of Thomas Massie are gone. Have you noticed that? Where did those people go? The answer is a lot of them weren't real people. I'm not saying Massie was standing in some phone dungeon somewhere, you know, firing off all these bot replies. I'm not even saying he directed that to happen. I'm saying he benefited from it, or he thought he was benefiting from it. It got to his head. It went to his head. He started bragging about, I ratio Dan Bongino, I ratio this ratio. Do you know what that is? Like when you comment on a post and your comment gets more likes than the original post, they call it a ratio. Whatever. What does it get you in the real world? And I've been saying this for over a year and a half now. The Nick Fuentes sick offense love this, the groipers. Well, you got ratioed, man. Yeah, what does that mean? I mean, I know what it means, but what does it actually, what does it do for you in the real world? Other than you being able to say, yeah, haha, screenshot, look what I did on X. I got more likes than the original post. This guy's a loser. Well, but what does it actually do for you in the real world? Does it lower the cost of anything? Can you go and get, you know, 30% off of, you know, a beef or something in the supermarket because you ratioed Dan Bongino on X? It does nothing. Here's the problem though. It is, the internet provides data and metrics and analytics in real time right at your fingertips. So one could— this is not smart, but one could make a post on X, okay, or any social media platform, X, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, wherever, and it could get a tremendous amount of engagement. Okay, you need to look at that as this post did well, not this post did well because this idea is popular. And a lot of people use a post doing well, okay, uh, as, as their basis for what will perform well in the real world. For example, For example, a lot of you may notice this about how I do my social media. I'm not on there doing Trump all day long, right? Now, when I do my bits, 90-second, 2-minute bits of, you know, your favorite president doing tremendous things, we're doing fun— they— those videos do very well. Does that mean I should enter the real world talking like Donald Trump 24/7 because it does well online? How ridiculous would that be? It would be funny, like at first, but then it would get played out if I was walking around the supermarket talking like Donald Trump to everybody that I saw. Well, it does well on the internet, so that's what I should do in the real world. This is what Massey was doing. Every time he brought up Israel, every time he brought up Epstein, every time he brought up, you know, AIPAC, it did very well online. That does not mean you take that and then you apply that to your entire campaign in the real world. He was performing in the real world for his audience online. He had a poor track record for his time in Congress, 14 years. He made a lot of this race that he just lost about a foreign country, not about his district. That's another problem. If you're in Kentucky's 4th Congressional District and you have a member of Congress running for reelection, do you want to hear him talking about AIPAC, Bibi Netanyahu, you know, Epstein, Israel, Israel, Epstein, the Jews, all this? Or do you want to hear about what he's going to do for you? I can tell you that if I was in the middle of a congressional primary here and I had to choose between two candidates and I had one guy talking about a foreign country the whole time, and it doesn't matter what foreign country, it could be Australia, and another guy talking about how he wants to advance the Republican agenda that I voted for two years ago in the 2024 election, I'm probably going with the guy who's talking about advancing the agenda that I voted for instead of the guy who's obsessed with the country overseas. And finally, Thomas Massie got involved with some bad people. Now, I just told you the internet's not real life. I don't know what impact this had, but some of the quote-unquote influencers— and I use that term loosely because it doesn't look like they have much influence at all— that he was palling around with were not good for his image, not one bit. And I hate to say it, and I'm no fan of Massey, but I think he was taken advantage of. He got desperate. The folks that went out to Kentucky, some of these influencers that you saw, you can look back last week at some of these folks who, you know, found their way out to Kentucky. I don't know the nature of the arrangements that were made. Did they spend their own money? Are they— have they been reimbursed? Were they paid? I don't know. I have a hard time believing that all of a sudden, you know, 10, 15 quote unquote influencers all decided to go to Kentucky at the same time and none of them were compensated or reimbursed for it. I have a hard time believing that, but I don't have— I don't know. I don't have their finances in front of me. I have no idea. Whether it's folks in an American Reich hoodie, whether it's, you know, the, the whole, the comments that they were making, it didn't look good. It didn't look good. And I call that group of people now, we call it the kiss of death. If they get involved with your campaign, you could, you can reasonably expect that you're not going to do very well. So 5, 5 things, 5 reasons why I think Thomas Massie didn't do well. He lost because he was and still is disconnected from the real world. There was a point in time where that was not the case. I think there was a point in time where Thomas Massie, maybe when he was newer, you know, a newer, a newer congressman, maybe his, you know, first 5 or so years, he wasn't as disconnected from the real world because the online ecosystem wasn't as robust as it is now. He is performing for an online audience. Just like Marjorie Taylor Greene, he is performing for an online audience. He's not performing for a real-world audience. The real-world votes— Pakistani bots, whether he knows about them or not, can't vote in your primary. So you could be looking at an idea, you could be looking at a post you make about Israel, AIPAC, Epstein, whatever it might be, and say, whoa, that post did really well. That's what I should campaign on. Well, it's gonna work online. You may gain a lot of followers, you may gain a lot of engagement, you may have a lot of people celebrating, you know, how viral a post went, but the virality of a post does not win you elections. It does not. That's why, and I did, you know, very early on and even now I say, okay, you look at like, for example, Spencer Pratt, he releases a couple of really, really awesome ads. They do really well and people are like, oh, he's gonna win. Well, pump the brakes there, pal. Just because something does really well online does not mean that a candidate is going to win an election. Now, the way Spencer Pratt is running his campaign is a lot different than the way Thomas Massie is running his campaign. We'll get to Spencer Pratt in a little bit because Spencer Pratt's not performing for an online world. Spencer Pratt is performing for the real world, talking about actual issues in actual Los Angeles that are actually impacting actual people. It's a lot different than the way Massey's running the campaign. But my point here, overarching point here, is the performance of a candidate's content online, it could be an indicator, but it is not a reliable metric that you should be resting your laurels on and running your campaign around, "Oh, well, this post did well, so now go on the campaign trail and talk about this." Well, you'll clip it on the campaign trail and you'll put it online and it'll perform well again, but the people that you're actually speaking to that you're trying to motivate to go out and vote for you, they don't care when you start bringing up Israel and Tel Aviv and AIPAC and the Epstein files. On the campaign trail. If that was an effective message in the real world, then Thomas Massie wouldn't have gotten smoked by 10 points in the real world, would he? So he lost because he was still— he is and was still disconnected from the real world, performing for an online audience. The internet is not real life. So for those of you thinking about running for office, Use the internet as a tool, but just because you see a post do well on the internet does not mean you got to repeat that on the campaign trail. You can make it a part of your messaging, but don't, don't assume because, you know, every time you, you talk about a specific topic on social media that you're going to win a campaign if you talk about that topic and make it a central point of your campaign in the real world. He had a poor track record for his time in Congress, which is, you know, you're supposed to have an incumbents advantage. But if your track record is basically nothing, oh, principles, people are eventually gonna want to move on from you. Made the race about a foreign country, not about Kentucky, and got involved with some really bad people in his campaign, influencers that came out there, awful for his image. That's why Thomas Massie lost, okay? Oh, there was all this money that was spent against him. It was all this money, AIPAC spent a lot of, okay, all right, you don't like special interest money, really? You realize there's more than one type of special interest in this country, right? It's not just AIPAC and the American-Israeli relationship. Like, you know, pro-life is a special interest. Mass deportations is a special interest. Border security is a special interest. Gun rights is a special interest. Free speech is a special interest. You want to get rid of all special interest lobbying? Listen, I'm fine with that. By the way, I would be total— if somebody came up to me in this country, waved the magic wand and said, no more PACs, the only way you can raise money in politics is from individual donors, Where do I sign? Right now, I'll sign for that. Politics shouldn't be a lucrative business. When we come back on the other side of this break, I want to, I want to get to more from Massie because he went on Meet the Press. I've got 3 cuts that we're going to play when we come back here about Massie. It just shows you The guy is not guided by any solid principles. He's a hypocrite, and people got tired of what, what has become an act. Maybe he didn't start off acting, but it became an act. It was grandstanding, and we'll prove that on the other side of this break. 855-839-1210. Sean Farish here filling in for Kaelin Company as we roll on through the second hour. We'll be back with a couple of cuts showing you some of the reasons why Thomas Massie lost that primary and what he did yesterday on Meet the Press. We're back after this. Don't go anywhere.

[90:37] **Speaker A:** If you're an experienced pet owner, you already know that having a pet is 25% belly rubs, 25% yelling drop it, and 50% groaning at the bill from every pet visit. Which is why Lemonade Pet Insurance is tailor-made for your pet and can save you up to 90% on vet bills. It can help cover checkups, emergency emergencies, diagnostics, basically all the stuff that makes your bank account get nervous. Claims are filed super easily through the Lemonade app, and half get settled instantly. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet, and they'll help cover the vet bill for whatever your pet swallowed after you yelled, "Drop it!" We all belong outside. We're drawn to nature, whether it's the recorded sounds of the ocean we doze off to, or the succulents that adorn our homes. Nature makes all of our lives, well, better. Despite all this, we often go about our busy lives removed from it. But the outdoors is closer than we realize. With AllTrails, you can discover trails nearby and explore confidently with offline maps and on-trail navigation. Download the free app today and make the most of your summer with AllTrails.

[91:40] **Speaker B:** Nerds!

[91:40] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Personal finance can feel like a pop quiz you didn't study for. This podcast is your study guide on NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. You'll hear from trusted journalists who explain the why behind major financial decisions. You'll get research-backed insights and clear pros and cons. Whether you're planning a big purchase or just want to grow your wealth, make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[92:10] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi. And trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to Lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty program subject to terms and conditions. Visit Lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[92:38] **Speaker A:** What would you do if your online store converted 36% 36% more shoppers. You could take 36% more vacation.

[92:46] **Speaker B:** Another piña colada? Yes, please!

[92:47] **Speaker A:** Open a new retail location with 36% more square feet.

[92:51] **Speaker B:** Fantastic!

[92:52] **Speaker A:** Hire 36% more help.

[92:54] **Speaker B:** You're hired! And you're hired!

[92:55] **Speaker A:** Shopify has the world's best converting checkout, up to 36% better than other ecommerce platforms. What you do with those extra sales is up to you. Switch to Shopify today at shopify.com/setup and get a $1 trial. shopify.com/setup setup.

[93:08] **Speaker B:** This is the Kailin Company Podcast from talk radio 1210 WPHD and on the free Odyssey app. Real quick. Yeah, you know, I just heard that commercial advertising for Jason Mraz, one of my favorites, like, ever. A lot of people don't know that about me. I think he's phenomenal. I've seen him live a few times. One of the best live acts you'll see. Like, oh, but it Isn't he like a liberal? Yeah, he's a bleeding heart liberal. I don't care, he's an amazingly talented musician. I mean, amazingly talented. Great songwriter, great performer, you know. And he doesn't seem like one of them rabid, like, like violent guys, you know. So anyway, uh, that's just me. I'm a huge fan of his. Listening to his music again a little bit recently. It's just good stuff, man, if that's your type of thing. You know, some people don't like the singer-songwriter stuff. I, I think Jason Mraz is amazing, and, uh, it's cool to see him touring again. He's an avocado farmer. I don't know if you guys know that. He's an avocado farmer, guys. It's just unbelievably talented. So I just wanted to, uh, I just wanted to put that out there. I love Jason Mraz. He's one of the, one of the best, I think. One of the best. You know, another one I happen to like a lot is, um, Ryan Tedder. He's the lead singer of OneRepublic. He's behind a lot of the— Phil, you know, Phil Onquist is the music, you know, aficionado here, but Tedder— and I'm not sure if Phil's into much pop— Ryan Tedder's behind a lot of the hit songs of these days, you know, Halo from Beyoncé, Rumor Has It from Adele, some Jonas Brothers songs, and a lot, you know. So between Tedder and Maraz, these are two guys very creative. And they've shaped this generation of music. Now, this generation music isn't all that good, but those guys, I have a lot of respect for guys like that. You know, as someone who, you know, I have to try and be creative myself, right, when coming up with these new bits. Sometimes it helps to listen and listen to people who are actually like accomplished creators themselves, even if it's in a different industry, to kind of get your mind spinning in the right way. So I really do, I love guys like that. Um, the show Whose Line Is It Anyway, right? The, uh, you know, improv show is one of the, the old version, uh, one of my favorites, you know. So it's a little aside there. All right, Thomas Massey, I want to get to a couple of, uh, clips. Before we do that, I want to jump on the phones. We have Ed and Delran waiting patiently for us, one of our favorite callers. It's Ed and Delran, otherwise known as Dr. Seuss. What is up, Ed?

[95:51] **Speaker F:** Hey, I'm on the loose like a moose and a papoose and a Canadian goose. And Sean Farish, happy Memorial Day. He always knows the right things to say, even on Memorial Day.

[96:03] **Speaker B:** Appreciate you, Ed. Thanks so much. Thank you. Thank you.

[96:06] **Speaker F:** Hey, you're welcome. You're my pal and we won't throw in the towel.

[96:10] **Speaker B:** That's it. Ed and Delran jumping in with a few rhymes this morning. I'm a sucker for a good rhyme, so there you go. Let's roll into some Massey clips here. Thomas Massey went on Meet the Press yesterday and melted down a little bit about, oh, poor me, there were some AI ads that were running the campaign and oh, you know, let's roll that clip first. Massey was mad about AI being used in advertisements. And for those of you watching on youtube.com/1210, please look at this ad and tell me what you see from this ad. Massey is mad. So this is first gonna be Massey talking about the ad, then we're gonna play the ad. But let's play Massey's remarks about this, uh, oh, they used AI ads about me holding hands with Ilhan Omar. Roll it. Its name on the ballot because he didn't even know I wasn't his congressman. That's how much they've bamboozled the people here in Kentucky. They used artificial National Intelligence to create a video, lifelike video, that showed me checking into a hotel room with AOC and Ilhan Omar and holding hands with them. It was actually very effective on the boomers. But here's the thing, Kristen, that's only going to work for a little bit longer. The boomers are going to, you know, leave this country to the Gen X and the Gen Z and the Gen Y and the millennials. And those folks are the ones that I won overwhelmingly. That makes me really hopeful for this country. They don't get fooled by artificial intelligence and they check the news. They get news sources like from podcasts and other sources. So, um, they won this race by fooling my voters and expanding the base of people who vote to the uninformed voters. But look, I got 45% of the vote. Okay, okay. All right, first let me unpack a couple of things that he said there. I won the Gen X and the Gen Y and the millennials, you know, basically saying that he performed well with younger voters. Okay. And that may very well be true. We didn't perform well enough. If you really appealed to the younger demographics, how come they didn't come out and vote for you enthusiastically? I mean, you won those groups, but they didn't, they didn't outnumber the boomers, as you mentioned. Uninformed voters. It's— oh, these people get their news from podcasts. You see what I'm telling you? If you listen to the wrong podcast, you're just getting lied to. I make this post every day, as a matter of fact, on X. And Alex Jones, you know, Alex Jones, buy my supplements and fight against the deep state. If you're looking for a fight, you came to the right place. Speaking of which, we have a Very interesting Fight Club this morning. You listen to the wrong podcast, you're getting news that's just not true. What is it, 54 now today? I think it's 54 today since Alex Jones and Kyle Sarafin said that Kesh Patel was being fired, quote unquote, today, April 2nd. Kesh Patel's being fired today. It's May 25th. Kesh Patel suddenly been fired. See what I'm saying with Massey performing for an online audience? These people check the news on podcasts, and that's okay. I'm not saying to sit there and watch Fox or CNN or MSNBC and— or MSNOW, whatever they call it— and just lap it up. That's not what I'm saying. But you see how Massey essentially says the people who voted for him do everything online? I'm telling you, it's not the way to run your campaign. He's mad that they used an artificial intelligence app, uh, or, uh, ad against him. Well, let's run this ad, folks. YouTube.com/1210. This is so funny. Watch this ad and look at the beginning of the ad. We may have to stop it in real time this week. We can highlight this, but let's play this ad that Thomas Massie, uh, was so upset with.

[100:03] **Speaker E:** Thomas Massie caught in a throuple in Washington.

[100:06] **Speaker B:** Stop it right there. What does it say? At the bottom of the ad, this satirical ad was created with artificial intelligence. It says it. Play the whole ad. It says it on the bottom. Let's roll the ad. Washington is cheating with the Squad on the America First movement. Massie voted with the Squad against Trump's tax cuts. Massie voted with the Squad against finishing Trump's wall. He voted with them against hiring new border agents. Well, this is worse than adultery. It's a complete and total betrayal of President Trump and Kentucky conservatives. On May 19th, fire Thomas Massie.

[100:50] **Speaker E:** MAGA Kentucky.

[100:51] **Speaker B:** Okay. I mean, I get it. It's a dirty ad. This is worse than adultery. Like, he didn't sleep with them. But he's saying they fooled the boomers with this ad when at the beginning of the ad it says this is a satirical ad created with artificial intelligence. Who's fooled by that? It's like if the Nigerian prince who calls you up and goes, you have won the Nigerian lottery, I need your Social Security number, right? That's my— that's me trying to sound Nigerian. I don't do it very well, but that's like before— before you pick up the phone on a scam, you get a disclaimer. This is a scam from India. Like, who's fool— what do you mean you're fooling? It's a disclosure on the, on the ad itself. Now, I mentioned hypocrisy, right? That was just stupidity. Here is an AI ad that was run in Kentucky by a pro-Massi PAC that didn't have that disclosure. Let's roll this one. These Trump traitors, they can't stand our president and can't help but let it show. Like Woke Eddie Gowryne. Woke Eddie left the Republican Party after Trump won the GOP nomination in 2016. Take a look for yourself. And when did Woke Eddie change his registration back to the GOP? After Joe Biden was sworn in. Trump was in the foxhole and Woke Eddie Gowryne tucked his tail and ran. Kentucky Forthback is responsible for the content of this ad. Yeah, Kentucky Forthback. First of all, that's a despicable ad because Ed Galerine was a Navy SEAL, served his country honorably. And to portray a guy, former SEAL Team Six, to portray a guy who served his country honorably as someone who deserted the country is disgusting. Number 2, that ad was all generated by AI. There was not a single— now, I don't think there are people who believe that Ed Galraine actually ran away from Donald Trump in a foxhole. Donald Trump never served in combat. We get that. But the point is, Massey went on Meet the Press. They ran an AI ad against me and they fooled a bunch of boomers and that's why I lost. Bro, you lost because you talked about, you campaigned on things that were popular online that were not popular in your district. You've done nothing for your district in 14 years. You know, you, you made the race about a foreign country, not about Kentucky. You got involved with people who were awful for your campaign and you were performing for a bunch of people who couldn't vote for you or bots. And now you're gonna complain about an AI ad that, that the, the ad that he's complaining about had a disclaimer at the bottom, big disclaimer, satirical ad made by artificial intelligence. Meanwhile, I don't hear him talking about— where's, where's Thomas Massie talking about the, the ads that were run in favor of him that were created with AI? Here he is. It's crickets. What a hypocrite. Now he says he's going to read the names of the Epstein, you know, the redacted names in the Epstein files before he leaves the House. Whatever, do it. Fine, do it. Whatever. Transparency's cool, whatever, good. Just a joke, total joke. All right, we gotta take a break. We'll be back to wrap up hour 2 here on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD. Thoughts on Massie? 855-839-1210. Thoughts on— here's the question: are we being— I saw this in the YouTube chat— are we being too patient with Iran? 855-839-1210. You can call in with that or anything else that's on your mind. Love to hear from you as we wrap up hour 2. On the other side of this break, it's Talk Radio 1210 WPHD. It's Sean Ferrish till 10 o'clock in the morning on this Memorial Day. We're back after this.

[104:51] **Speaker A:** Just got a new puppy or kitten? Congrats, but also yikes. Between crates, beds, toys, treats, and those first few vet visits, you've probably already dropped a small fortune, which is where Lemonade Pet Insurance comes in. It helps cover vet costs so you can focus on what's best for your new pet. The coverage Your package is customizable, sign-up is quick and easy, and your claims are handled in as little as 3 seconds. Pro tip: Lemonade offers a package specifically for puppies and kittens. Get a quote at lemonade.com/pet. Your future self will thank you. Your pet— won't. They don't know what insurance is. Let's check in on the Serta counting sheep.

[105:27] **Speaker B:** Why aren't we counting anymore? Well, the all-new Serta Perfect Sleeper has the Q4 support system that helps relieve aches and back pain. We'll never get counted again! Uh, nope.

[105:37] **Speaker A:** Save this Memorial Day. Shop at a retailer near you.

[105:40] **Speaker B:** Nerds!

[105:41] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Ever Google a money question and end up 12 tabs deep with 12 different answers? This podcast is your shortcut back to clarity. NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast breaks down financial decisions with a team of trusted journalists. They explain the why behind decisions like investing, home buying, and choosing a credit card. Choosing credit cards with clear research-backed insights. No jargon, no misinformation. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[106:10] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who want more Messi, and trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to Lowes.com/moremesser. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Visit Lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[106:40] **Speaker C:** Presented by T-Mobile, the official wireless partner of Odyssey Sports. With an awesome network and great savings, there's never been a better time to join T-Mobile. Visit your neighborhood store to make the switch today.

[106:51] **Speaker B:** It's Kail and Company on demand from Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Talk Radio 1210 WPHD, Sean Ferris taking you all the way till 10 this morning as we wrap up hour 2. Well, halfway there, living on a prayer. Well, Jon Bon Jovi, I knew him very well, tremendous guy. He's not a nice guy anymore though, Bon Jovi, nasty person. 8-5-5-8-3-9-12-10. What do you think sunk it for Thomas Massie? Listen, there was a lot of money that were— that was spent against him. I get it. But I'll tell you, the candidate has to be appealing, and I'm fairly certain that his, his act was about as see-through as it gets. It fell apart on him. You know, there were these attempts to spin it. Oh, he votes with the Republicans 95% of the time. No, no, no. I know there's like a liberty score or something out there. That's cool that you could, you know, there's these different metrics and things. He voted with the Democrats, especially recently, around a quarter of the time. Okay. It's better than if a Democrat held the seat. And I said this on, uh, I said this on Wednesday morning after he had lost. You know, at the end of the day, we have to, we have to keep the Democrats out of power. That's if we're, if we're looking at this the right way, we have to make sure that the Marxists, the socialists don't take over this country, right? And that's what the Democrat Party is. You know, my wife and I were at dinner last night. There was a couple of screens on at the place we were at, and Bernie Sanders— she made me laugh, I almost choked on my food— Bernie Sanders was up. You know, there was a rally in Maine, Bernie Sanders, in favor of, I guess, this Graham Platner guy. By the way, an actual— looks like a Nazi, Nazi tattoo, and he honks his hedgehog in public and all this. Like, it's a weird guy, not a good candidate. I would be surprised if Susan Collins doesn't beat him. There's a lot of nasty stuff about this grand planner, but Bernie Sanders is up there at a podium with this fight the oligarchy. Brennan goes, he's still fighting the oligarchy? We will fight the oligarchy. We got $15 an hour. Now we will get $45 an hour minimum wage. This is Bernie Sanders, fight the oligarchy, right? Three houses. I need one of these brave socialists that attend these rallies. Someone, maybe I'll do it. Maybe I'll do it. Maybe if Bernie Sanders' little fight the oligarchy tour comes somewhere near Tennessee, maybe I'll go. And I'll go in like a blue and pink wig, you know, to blend in to the crowd. And when he's talking, just go, you have 3 houses. You're the oligarchy, dude. What row did you sit in on the American Airlines flight to fly? Oh, that's right. You fly private, $25,000 an hour private jet. That's right. But I said this on Wednesday morning after Thomas Massie lost. And I said, look, if he had won, I would have been the first person to come out and say, Vote for him in the general. We're not giving the seat to Democrats because I'd rather a guy who votes for the Democrats 25% of the time than give the seat to a person who votes for the Democrats 100% of the time, right? It's about wins and losses and gives— who gives us our best chance to win. I'm no fan of Massey, but even I would admit that he's better than a radical left-wing Democrat. Fortunately, Kentucky 4 made the right decision and sent him home. And as I said, as an on-the-ground activist, from this perspective, I've seen what works in campaigns and what doesn't. When you're disconnected from the real world, when you're performing for an audience online, when you have a poor track record, if you're running as an incumbent in your district, if you're making the race about things outside of your district and jurisdiction versus what people want to hear, and you're getting involved with bad people in your campaign, you're gonna lose. And that's exactly what happened to Thomas Massie. If you have thoughts on that, you want to, you know, maybe debate a little bit about what did it for him, give us a call, 855-839-1210. We're gonna take a quick break, we're gonna come back, kick off hour 3. Jaxson Dart is in the news. We love it. Little bit of sports, especially over there with the New York Giants. Listen, I know you're not Giants fans out there in Philly. I'm not a Giants fan either, I'm a Jets fan. But what Jackson Dart did is pretty cool. Do not apologize. Sean Ferris here on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD, here with you till 10. We'll kick off hour 3 when we come back after this.

[111:51] **Speaker E:** This hour of Kahl Company is sponsored by Tri-County Auto. Great deals on Toyota and Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram. Stop by both dealerships and look for the big American flag.

[112:03] **Speaker B:** Start your day with Kahl Company, weekday mornings 6 till 10 on Talk Radio 1210. 12:10 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Talk Radio 12:10 WPHD, hour 3 starting right now. I'm hearing some folks on social media getting some feedback on X, say it's the first time I've ever listened to you on radio. I'm liking it. All right, well, thank you. Anybody want to chime in? 855-839-1210. We don't bite. Well, we can't bite you over the phone. Phil may bite you though. I'm just kidding. He won't. He's all right. Unless the Jets are doing what they do on Sunday mornings. That's, uh, then we'll all bite. All of us Jet fans. Be another interesting year for the Jets, huh? Another one. Phil, what do you think? How many wins? When you want to put a number on it right now, May 25th, 2026, what do you think? 6 wins tops this year? Yeah, some more of that 6 to 7 range. I think. How many did we win last year? 3.

[113:03] **Speaker F:** 3. Yeah.

[113:04] **Speaker B:** 3. Oh, wow. So that'll be a 100% increase.

[113:06] **Speaker F:** It will be.

[113:08] **Speaker B:** Yeah. That's how they'll sell you on the plan, by the way. My dad's been saying that forever. He's like, you know, if we go to a 6-win season, they're going to sell it as some sort of success story. Imagine how far your franchise must fall to go, what, 6-11 now because it's a 17-game season and say, we're doing work, we're getting there, we're making progress. Okay.

[113:28] **Speaker E:** Yep.

[113:28] **Speaker F:** All right.

[113:29] **Speaker B:** Is what it is.

[113:30] **Speaker E:** Yep.

[113:31] **Speaker B:** Is what it is. All right. Uh, speaking of football, the NFL and, uh, a New York team, we're not gonna talk about the Jets. We're not really gonna talk about the Giants, but we are gonna talk about a New York Giant, and that is their quarterback Jackson Dart. Jackson Dart introduced Donald Trump at a, uh, rally in New York. Trump was, uh, rallying I think in Rockland County in favor of, listen, Mike Lawler, not a fan, but I know what Trump is doing. As we said about Thomas Massie, Thomas Massie is far from perfect. Mike Lawler also far from perfect. By the way, there's no such thing as a perfect representative. So there you go. Donald Trump is far from perfect, right? Because there is no such thing as a perfect person. It's not me taking a shot. Oh, you're taking a shot at the president. No, he's not perfect. Nobody is. I'm not. You're not. Nobody is. Okay. Um, but Trump was up in Rockland County and, uh, he was rallying for Mike Lawler, who, you know, some days I agree with him, some days I don't. I hate this push for what he— what's called the Dignity Act, which is amnesty. Um, but I understand, you know, where he is coming from. Not that I think his arguments have any merit, but he's in a purple district. So he's, he's trying to appeal to purple people. I get it. Okay. I get it. Look again, at least what I'll say about a guy like a Mike Lawler, for example, I don't like him. I think he's, I'm not a fan, but what I will say, he's in a purple district and he's speaking to the issues that the purple district, you know, that, that, that they, that they are aligned with. Thomas Massie— so, so Lawler is in tune with the way his purple district feels and has taken a stance on this Dignity Act legislation, which is amnesty, as a result of it. At least he's doing what his district is asking him to do. Thomas Massie didn't do that, okay? Thomas Massie was doing what the internet asked him to do. There's a difference. Now, I'm not a fan of Mike Lawler. I'm not trying to tell you that this guy's the, you know, that he's some sort of bastion of conservatism. But I've said the same thing about, let's, for example, I've said the same thing about Susan Collins in Maine. Maine is a purple at best state, okay? Look at the way it votes. In presidential elections. Purple at best. But she's a senator, member of the Republican Party, but she's representing a purple at best state. So she, she is a, you know, a purple senator. She's not a hardline conservative, and she shouldn't be because that's not what her constituents want her to be. Now contrast that with somebody like a Jon Thune or a Mike Rounds of South Dakota or a Lisa Murkowski of Alaska or a John Cornyn who's about to lose his seat tomorrow in Texas. They don't have an excuse. Lisa Murkowski has no excuse to be the way she is in the Senate. None. There are more polar bears in Alaska than Democrats. There are more Bigfoot sightings in Alaska than Democrats, and there's a lot of Bigfoot sightings in Alaska, by the way. There was like 5 of them like a couple weeks ago in, in Ohio, I think. I think Bigfoot was out campaigning for Vivek Ramaswamy. He was knocking on doors. We started by talking about Jackson Dart. Now we're talking about Bigfoot. That's just the way my head's been this morning. Jackson Dart introduced Donald Trump at a rally in Rockland County. He was there for Mike Lawler. That's how we got on this conversation. And Abdul Carter, one of his teammates, called him out on social media. What are we doing? Why would you do this? Oh, okay. All right. I just, I'm just, we're gonna go, should we go Candace mode? Let's go Candace mode.

[117:45] **Speaker A:** I'm just asking questions.

[117:49] **Speaker B:** Did Abdul Carter have any thoughts on Colin Kaepernick, by chance? When Colin Kaepernick decided he was gonna disrespect our national anthem, and Colin Kaepernick was gonna wear socks that depicted police officers as pigs, and Colin Kaepernick was, you know, turning his, turning his whole football career into a social justice activism campaign, which, but yeah, listen, free speech. I'm not telling you He can't do it. I'm telling you, he shouldn't have done it because he was at that point in time in the back nine of his career, and teams didn't want to have a distraction on their roster. You don't want your backup quarterback— just like Tim Tebow— you don't want your backup quarterback being a topic of conversation. At that point, Kaepernick wasn't going to be a starter anyway. Jackson Dart, 23-year-old from Utah, took the stage in Suffern, New York on Friday where he said to the crowd, Big Blue Nation, it is a pleasure to be here. I got to start this off with a Go Big Blue. He led the crowd in a chant for a few moments before introducing Donald Trump. What an honor, what a privilege it is to be here. Without further ado, I'm grateful, I'm honored, I'm pleased to introduce the 45th and 47th president of the United States, President Donald J. Trump, Dart said. Trump and Dart shook hands before they parted ways. Abdul Carter said, thought this sugar honey iced tea was AI. What are we doing? Reposting the video. Unbelievable. It's— so you can't— so, so here's the thing. So you have a young, a 23-year-old who has the opportunity to introduce a sitting president of the United States who I would imagine he supports. Okay. He's supposed to say no. Because Abdul-Kader's mad? He's supposed to say no. All right.

[119:50] **Speaker E:** Okay.

[119:53] **Speaker B:** Where was this criticism of Colin Kaepernick when he was making a mockery of the national anthem? Where was it? Sports media went wild with this. Oh, the Jackson Dart's career is over. What? I'll tell you what, concussions will end Jackson Dart's career before him introducing Trump at a rally will. Jackson Dart plays with a little bit of reckless abandon. Him and Cam Scadaboo have that in common. Jackson Dart's career is— your career is about to end, guy. You know, this is not what you're supposed to be doing. So when Dart introduced a sitting President, it's a problem. But when Colin Kaepernick is out there kneeling during the national anthem and depicting law enforcement officers as pigs, that's not a problem? I'm supposed to take this seriously? I made a post on, uh, on social media a couple days ago. I screenshotted it, I posted it on my Instagram channel and all those things too. Because I'm tired of this double standard. I really am. I'm getting annoyed with, uh, you know, with certain things are allowed and certain things aren't allowed. And listen, both sides do it. I understand, it's, you know, it's not, it's not unique to one side of this whole thing. But when I have to see, you know, when I have to see people flipping out that a quarterback of a football team who, by the way, that, you know, you think it's— if Abdul Carter thinks Jackson Dart's bad, wait till he finds out who his head coach voted for. John Harbaugh. John Harbaugh and Trump are friends. Jackson Dart introduces Trump, the sitting president of the United States, at a rally, and the world is on fire because when Colin Kaepernick disrespected our national anthem and wore socks that depicted cops as pigs, it was quote unquote stunning and brave. Yeah, if you're hyperventilating over Jackson Dart, you're doing the Pearl game, you know? You're doing this, uh, I can't believe he would introduce Trump. What does he want to end his career or something? Unbelievable. Yeah, you dropped these. You dropped your pearls and you dropped this big beautiful middle finger that I pulled out of my pocket for you. Are you kidding me? With Jackson Dart, with this, with these conversations that we're having now, it's just unbelievable. People proclaiming his career is over. People acting like— you see, Robbie Starbuck owned Abdul Carter in his reply, said, you're about to find out that he's the franchise and you're not. Also, your new coach voted for Trump too. Grow up and get over it. If you voted for Kamala, who wants our tax dollars to pay for weirdos' sex change surgeries, that's your business, bro, but not everyone is dumb, Robbie Starbuck said. X user Michael Rose said in response, you're not going to believe this, but it's possible to have different political opinions and coexist with each other like normal, respectful, well-adjusted Americans. This is the issue with the left, okay? There is no diversity. All this— all we talk about diversity, equity, inclusion— there is no diversity on that side of the aisle. There's no diversity of thought. You know, for all the accusations that, oh, MAGA is a cult and MAGA doesn't welcome— what are you talking about? There are like 5 or 6 different factions of MAGA. There's the blind worshiping people, and I don't like that. I think that's ridiculous. You know, the, oh, everything is 5D chess and, you know, trust the plan. I'm not— I don't like that either. Then there's the folks who lean more towards war. They like Trump's agenda, but they want more war. Then there's the isolationist wing of MAGA where we don't wanna get involved with anybody's issues. There are many different schools of thought within this larger movement that we refer to as MAGA. For everyone who calls it a cult, I really, I mean, are there people who treat it that way? You know, on an individual basis, sure. I mean, I bumped into a few of them at Trump rallies, I gotta be honest. There was this one dude in Ohio, had a parrot on his shoulder and was shocked that he couldn't get into the rally. I was like, it might be because the bird thing. He said, no, they let me in before. Okay, probably shouldn't have, but okay. Tried to invite us to his, uh, cult meetings in Louisiana with some guy named Negative 48. Okay, yeah, weirdo. The cuckoo's coming out of the cuckoo clock. The bird was cool though. I forgot the bird's name. Yeah, there are people in the movement who treat it like a, like a religion. That's a little much. It's politics. It's important. It doesn't need to be your, you know, it doesn't need to be what you're, you know, your North Star. You live every day of your life in accordance with, you know, MAGA. Okay. But when you look at the Democrat Party and you look at, you know, the lack of, again, The lack of diversity of thought, the lack of tolerance of other opinions. Just, I mean, we talk about tolerance, acceptance, all these, these are the buzzwords. The Democrats coexist. I mean, they have freaking bumper stickers that say coexist. And then you have a young man, 23 years old, plays football, introduces the president at a rally, and one of his teammates is like, what are we doing, bro? What do you mean, what are you doing? So he thinks differently than you. You're gonna, you're gonna rip him to shreds? You guys play on the same team. If I was the Giants, I'd get rid of Abdul-Kader. Not because of his politics, because of how quick he was to throw his teammate under the bus. Right? I wouldn't, I wouldn't say, oh, you're not MAGA, you can't play for my football team. I would say, you're clearly not a team player. You're letting politics divide the locker room. You got people saying Jackson Dart shouldn't have done it. Because Donald Trump's a divisive figure and this is going to cause issues in the locker room and this is going to make him unattractive. I got news for you, in the NFL, alright, in the NFL, if you could play, you'll have a job somewhere. That's it. I mean, look at Mike Vick, for example. Eagles fans out here in Philly, you guys know all about it. Mike Vick, you guys know all about it. Guy went to jail, did his time, the dogs, the whole nine yards. He played in the league after that. Dante Stallworth, same deal, killed somebody behind the wheel of a car. Ray Lewis, all the situations that he was in. This is the Kael and Company podcast from talk radio 1210 WPHD and on the Free Odyssey app. It's a good post from, uh, Libs of Chicago. He made a satirical post: career suicide for Jackson Dart. He had so many more options, but he chose to go down this path, introducing President Trump at an event. He could have strangled his personal chef like Stephon Diggs, or a family member Xavier Worthy, Zay Jones, and Drew Ogletree. DUI was an option, Jordan Addison. Assaulting someone after a car accident, Rasheed Rice. He could have assaulted a woman, uh, who was pregnant with his child, like Von Miller. USA Today. Actually has a database, uh, of NFL player arrests since 2000. Marshawn, for example, uh, Marshawn Lattimore, cornerback for the Washington Redskins— and yes, I still call them the Redskins— Lattimore was a passenger in a car pulled over in Lakewood, Ohio, accused of improperly handling a gun. Stefan Diggs, accused of smacking and putting hands around the neck of a personal chef in a dispute near Boston. Jimmy Ward, Houston, accused of violating terms of release from his June arrest by drinking alcohol. Quinshawn Judkins of Cleveland, running back, accused of hitting a woman while leaving the Fort Lauderdale Airport July 7th. That case was dropped by prosecutors. But the point is, you see them hyperventilating over Jackson Dart, but you don't see them hyperventilating over, you know, the, the, what the, you know, the NFL used to be, National Felon League. It, it, the, the double standard is just so glaring, it's ridiculous. So he introduced the president, so what? I mean, you just heard me, what, a couple of, uh, couple of segments ago talking about Jason Mraz. Him and I probably couldn't have different politics. I love his music. He's great at what he does. There are actors I feel the same way about as well. Musicians, athletes, I don't care which way they vote. I mean, come election time I do. But if you're a good baseball player, but you voted for the other guy, fine, hit home runs. You know, hit ball with bat.

[129:38] **Speaker E:** Yeah, but it doesn't work that way, Sean. It doesn't work that way.

[129:40] **Speaker B:** Of course not.

[129:41] **Speaker E:** So you can't have it.

[129:42] **Speaker B:** No, you can't. You can't because on the left there is no tolerance. There is no acceptance. There is no coexist. They don't live by their bumper stickers. They're a bunch of hypocrites and it drives me nuts. So what are the, like, okay. Jackson Dart just, he introduced, it's not like he campaigned for him, he introduced the president on stage and they're like, oh, how dare he do that? It's a sitting president of the United States, when's he ever gonna get that opportunity again?

[130:06] **Speaker E:** Exactly. If you had a chance to go meet Joe Biden or Barack Obama, you would take it because an opportunity like that does not come very often. It's like at this radio station, some people have had the opportunity to go to the White House Interview the president, and though it's not exactly the president that you want, it's still— it's an opportunity you cannot pass up. It will never come again in your lifetime. It's something you'll be talking about forever.

[130:35] **Speaker B:** Exactly.

[130:36] **Speaker E:** But the problem is these artists and these actors, they just can't get it. Just entertain. That's all you have to do is entertain. It's like Springsteen.

[130:46] **Speaker B:** Right.

[130:46] **Speaker E:** You know, all you have to do is entertain for 3 hours right now. I don't care what your politics are. Okay, just entertain people. You could bash Trump all you want when you're off stage, but when you're on that stage and somebody's paying close to $500 to see you, they don't want to hear that nonsense. They just don't.

[131:04] **Speaker B:** Just go away. It's not even to the point where like, I think these people shouldn't be speaking. Like, you know, if you're music, say what you want. But the thing is like, yeah, your job is not to lecture people on politics. Okay, your job is to entertain. If you're an NFL player, Jackson Dart, your— his job is to play quarterback for the New York Giants. His job is not to introduce the president of the United States. However, it doesn't mean he can't do that. No, you know, he's not being paid to introduce Trump, but he did it because Trump's in New York. He obviously supports him. It's a cool opportunity.

[131:41] **Speaker E:** Exactly.

[131:41] **Speaker B:** You know, and if Abdul Carter of the New York Giants wanted to introduce Joe Biden at a rally, I'm sure people would be all, what is this? Leave politics out of sports. It's so— my point here is Colin Kaepernick did— pulled his crap.

[131:58] **Speaker E:** Yeah.

[131:59] **Speaker B:** On the field. Right. Like on the sideline. But like teams are on the field. He was in uniform. All right. You know, on team time and nobody— it was stunning and brave when Kaepernick made political statements. right? But it's apparently a career-ending move for Jackson Dart to do this with Donald Trump. The hypocrisy just reeks.

[132:22] **Speaker E:** Well, that's Hollywood for you. They're so deranged by Donald Trump at this point. I mean, even back in the '80s, sure, a lot of Hollywood actors and musicians, they probably didn't like Reagan, but they knew how to act at the same time. They kept it on an even playing field. It's like, okay, yeah, I know I'm not exactly crazy about Reagan, or I'm not exactly crazy about this, but I still got to do this movie and people are expecting me to entertain and they don't want to hear this. Today it's a whole different story. They just need to throw it in your face and who cares? It's too much.

[133:02] **Speaker B:** It's too much.

[133:03] **Speaker E:** But you see, it's like Dom Giordano says this all the time. The NFL is like crack cocaine. People are going to watch it no matter what. And you hear all these people saying, "I'm never going to watch the NFL again. I'm done with the NFL." And 2 minutes later they're right there and they're back watching it because you just can't avoid it. But yeah, just entertain people. That's all you have to do is entertain people.

[133:33] **Speaker B:** Football's my favorite sport, right? So I went through a period of time where I watched a lot, a little bit less. I turned off the, I didn't watch Super Bowl one year because they canceled an ad for veterans. Fine.

[133:44] **Speaker E:** Right.

[133:44] **Speaker B:** But the NFL, like we have to come to grips with reality. The NFL's not going anywhere. Now we can push it in a different direction, but it's not going anywhere. It is. And why? Because you gotta think, right? So I'm a capitalist. I believe things should survive on their merits. Find me a better product, right? Not a different sport that's better. You could say, oh, hockey is better. So watch hockey. I watch hockey. I love hockey. The NHL playoffs this year have been phenomenal. And the NHL's ratings are up this year during the playoffs, I think due in large part to the Olympics, right? And bringing people back to the sport. Fine. But like, so, but people, people will say, you know, I'm boycotting the NFL. I said, well, I wish I could do that, but I, I can't find football anywhere. I love the sport and that's the sport played at the highest level. So I'm gonna watch it because they have earned my attention. I like the sport, you know, and, and it's my favorite sport. And if you can find me a better product, you know, a better place to watch the sport played at either a higher level or whatever it might be, then, then yeah, maybe I'll, maybe I'll, I'll entertain the idea of, of, of, uh, a permanent boycott. But the fact The fact of the matter is that doesn't exist and will never exist. No. Okay. But we also don't need the lectures. And unfortunately, the lectures are coming from one side here.

[135:05] **Speaker F:** All right.

[135:05] **Speaker B:** And it's just that Jackson Dart story where I saw everyone melting down and I was like, oh, really? Okay. Because nobody— it was, it was Cricket City. Colin Kaepernick was kneeling. And it was this all day long. The crickets were going off. It was stunning and brave. Oh, what a great move. What an inspiration. Civil rights icon making political statements on the field. Okay, again. And he wasn't good enough to hold a job in the NFL. Oh, he got blackballed. He did this. You wanna know who's being blackballed right now? It's Trevor Bauer, who had his entire major league career shut down over fraudulent allegations. One of his accusers was, actually prosecuted and found guilty for extortion or fraud, one of those things. You know, so it's a one-sided issue. It's a, you know, it's a two-tier. There's a lot of hypocrisy going on here with the Jackson Dart story. I think, you know, if I wasn't a Jets fan, I'd buy his jersey and send, you know, send a message that way. But I think people are starting to— because you mentioned they throw it in your face, right? Oh yeah, all the time. They throw it in your face. But the— and, and, and it's one thing to have a view. It's one thing. No one's saying if you're a musician, you can't talk about politics.

[136:29] **Speaker E:** No.

[136:29] **Speaker B:** But when you start, when you start lecturing, when you start forcing it down people's throats, that's when people are going to say, ah, just go back to saying songs.

[136:38] **Speaker E:** Exactly.

[136:38] **Speaker B:** You know, well, that's, that's— go back to saying—

[136:40] **Speaker E:** that's the issue. And I grew up in an area where people are, are diehard Springsteen fans. You know, their whole life was a beer, batteries, and a Bruce tape, you know, and they were set for the weekend, and they're all diehard fans, and they're the first ones to sit there and tell you, "Yeah, we love Bruce. We'll go see his concert, but when it comes to politics, yeah, he's just way off, and all that's fine, but we just don't want to hear it." Or I had one friend say, "Well, look at it this way." when he's up there ranting and raving, it's a good chance to go to the bathroom and grab a beer and come back, and hopefully he's over with it because he just gets into those long— yeah, but that's about the— you know, my mama and this— and this guy came in and fixed my phone, and he's a big Bruce fan, said he can't come to my show because he can't afford tickets because of Donald Trump. No, he can't afford tickets because your tickets are $500 apiece. And it's impossible to get.

[137:40] **Speaker B:** I find that interesting too, that these folks that, you know, Bruce supports, these leftists who think billionaires shouldn't exist.

[137:46] **Speaker E:** Yeah.

[137:46] **Speaker B:** You know, affordability and all right, well, how about we do this? How about we take Beyoncé, Bruce Springsteen, and Taylor Swift and force them to make their concerts more affordable? As a matter of fact, everyone, because tickets are racist and, you know, barriers to entry are racist and prices and all this, everyone who wants to go see a Bruce Springsteen concert should be allowed to go for free and he has to play and donate his time. Does that sound fair? Wouldn't be fair to Bruce, wouldn't be fair to Taylor, wouldn't be fair to Beyoncé. But they have all this money, they could afford it, right? According to the left.

[138:15] **Speaker E:** Well, here's the thing, in Taylor Swift's own defense, I think she would do it because I think Taylor Swift is at that point where she has said, hey, look, I don't want to talk about this in concert. There's a lot of moms who come here, a lot of them bring their daughters and it's just not the place. Hopefully she's stuck to that, but I doubt it. But she has said, "No, I've made my opinions clear about Donald Trump, but I don't want to do it on stage because it's not the place." Yeah, and she knows.

[138:49] **Speaker B:** That's the right way you should do it. You want to post on Instagram about politics off the stage and make your political points, fine.

[138:56] **Speaker E:** Yeah, that's fine. Robert De Niro, he can say whatever he wants. If you want to sit there and hold your phone up and start cursing and yelling at Trump Tower, fine. As long as you do a movie that people want to see. That's all we're asking.

[139:10] **Speaker B:** That's it.

[139:11] **Speaker E:** I have no desire, speaking of movies, for some reason I just have no interest in seeing the Star Wars movie that's out right now.

[139:21] **Speaker B:** I'm actually glad you brought that up. Jimmy, because, uh, we're going to get to that on the other side of the break. Actually, I have it, I have it all queued up. This— because I'm a huge— you guys, everyone knows. Oh yeah, look at this. I got my lightsaber. It's always next to me. All right, this is it. All right, it's my favorite. I am a die-hard Star Wars fan. 1979 die-cast Star Destroyer.

[139:45] **Speaker E:** This thing's—

[139:45] **Speaker B:** oh yeah, I have it all. Listen, I'm a die-hard Star Wars fan. I shed a tear every time I see Disney's doing something new to this franchise. It has been a complete and total disaster, this franchise. And this Mandalorian and Grogu movie is tanking in the box office. I'm not going to see it. I have no interest in seeing it. Uh, and we'll talk about, um, what they're doing to the franchise on the other side of the break. 855-839-3939. If there are any force-wielding Star Wars fans who want to chime in on what's going on here, because, um, there's another side of the Star Wars universe that's not Disney that's actually doing very well. And I don't know if people know about it. There's some mixed feelings about it, but, um, there's some, there's some pretty cool Star Wars stuff that's coming out that's not Disney, uh, but it is awesome. So we're going to talk about that on the other side of the break. 855-839-1210. Listen, I'm not expecting any Philadelphia fans to to call in and say Jackson Dart did a good thing, you know, because you guys are, you know, that's a rivalry and I understand. By the way, on my board I have a clip straight from Philly. There it is. There's the official language of Philadelphia. Every baby born in Philly, that's their first word is boo. 855-829-1210. Sean Farris filling in on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD till 10 o'clock. We're talking Star Wars and the new movie that Disney's put out tanking at the box office. All that and more right after this. It's Kail and Company on demand from Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Who'd have thought Darth Vader was Luke Skywalker's father? Haha. Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, 8:40 here on this Memorial Memorial Day, Monday morning, John Ferris on talk radio 1210 WPHD. We are going to talk Star Wars, guys and gals. Gotta do it. I don't know how many people want that right now, but that's all right. Listen, there's a new movie coming out. A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, Star Wars was a respectable franchise, and then Disney ruined it. Well, I don't want to say ruined because nothing will ever ruin the original trilogy. And frankly, really, the sequel— the, uh, the, the prequels, um, namely Episode 3, Attack of the Clones, to me was like, nah.

[142:18] **Speaker E:** Oh, you didn't like Attack of the Clones?

[142:21] **Speaker B:** The Phantom Menace I did like because you got Maul. And then actually to their credit, what Star Wars did with that character where he's like, he didn't actually die, it was pretty cool. Um, but I wasn't into Attack of the Clones too much.

[142:36] **Speaker E:** No, I wasn't either. I'm just trying to be funny here. I thought Attack of the Clones was horrible. I mean, there was a guy here, I'll never forget this, there was a guy I used to work with and he said, well, you know, Attack of the Clones, Anakin Skywalker, that's all he does is cry throughout the whole movie. And I went home and it just happened to be on one of the cable channels that night. And I'm sitting there watching it and I'm like, wow, you know what? Pete's right, guys. That's all he does is cry throughout the whole movie. They put me as a Jedi Master and I killed them all and all this other nonsense. But Episode 3 kind of did make up for it.

[143:13] **Speaker B:** So Episode 3, I think, was, um, uh, uh, I, I think Episode 3 was phenomenal.

[143:19] **Speaker E:** Yeah, I thought it was good.

[143:21] **Speaker B:** Some of the writing, like the dialogue, was kind of crappy. You know, they find out that Palpatine is the Sith Lord, and Anakin tells Mace Windu, you know, Sam Jackson, you know, I think Chancellor Palpatine's the Sith Lord we've been looking for. And the response is just, "A Sith Lord?" You know, or like Anakin does what he does and betrays the Jedi Order. You know, it's Hayden in tears. What have I done? Like, come on.

[143:51] **Speaker E:** Exactly. We all knew Palpatine was the Sith Lord in the first movie. It's kind of like if you watch Rocky and it took what, 5 movies to find out that Rocky had brain damage. We kind of knew that in the first movie.

[144:03] **Speaker B:** So pretty sure we kind of figured that one out.

[144:06] **Speaker E:** Yeah.

[144:06] **Speaker B:** But you know what, the original trilogy, you know, episodes 4, 5, and 6, The storytelling, I think, was tremendous. The special effects were ahead of their time. I don't like Mark Hamill, I don't like Harrison Ford's politics, but we just got done talking about this last segment, right? That it's— they did a great job in the movies, right? I mean, Han Solo is one of the funniest— he's a space pirate. It's a great character. He nailed it. Of course.

[144:37] **Speaker E:** I mean, this is one of the greatest lines ever.

[144:39] **Speaker B:** Take the professor in the back and plug him into the hyperdrive. No, I was watching Empire Strikes Back yesterday. I remember that line. It's just great. It's so funny. But this, this new Disney movie, this Mandalorian and Grogu. Now what Mandalorian was a series. I watched the first season. It was pretty good. I didn't watch the rest of it because I, you know, it wasn't like connected too much to the other, to the original Star Wars stories. I am someone who loves like the lore, you know, the canon, um, uh, all of the, the stuff that you don't see in Episode 4, 5, and 6. Why I loved Rogue One, I think, you know, of all the crap I'll give Disney, they nailed Rogue One. Rogue One, I think, and some people are like, Rogue One was terrible. I'm like, I don't know what you're looking at. Rogue One to me was one of the best Star Wars movies ever made, in my opinion.

[145:35] **Speaker E:** Yeah, you and Phil was definitely on the same page on that one.

[145:38] **Speaker B:** You like it?

[145:39] **Speaker E:** Yeah, Phil, Phil, Phil really liked it. He was saying that he really liked it, right?

[145:43] **Speaker B:** Rogue One?

[145:44] **Speaker E:** Yeah.

[145:46] **Speaker B:** Are you being tongue-in-cheek?

[145:47] **Speaker E:** No, I'm not.

[145:48] **Speaker B:** No, he was, he was telling me. I thought you were about to get Phil on there going, that movie sucked. No, no, Rogue One was good. Yeah, yeah, Rogue One was good. Um, I thought, you know, and I was, I remember sitting in the theater watching it and, uh, you know, that final scene of Vader in the hallway where he just like basically butchers everybody, I was like, oh my God, I was giggling in my leg. I was like a child in a candy store. Yeah, it was, it was, it was insane. Now what Disney's done to the franchise has been ridiculous. There's been a lot of, you know, woke elements added in and all this, just it, it, it's, it's not vintage Star Wars. And look, nothing's ever gonna completely capture the essence of the original trilogy. So to measure it against those movies, I think, is unfair for, for anybody, no matter who's, who's running it. When, when 7, 8, 9 came out, you know, there's no doubt that The Force Awakens with J.J. Abrams, that that was an Episode IV reboot. That's exactly what it was. It was A New Hope, it was a bigger Death Star, the planet, you know, Starkiller Base, all that. But you could at least go somewhere with that. The Rian Johnson Last Jedi, that movie went all over the place, and Luke was drinking blue milk and He was like a sissy recluse. They were trying to turn him into like the new Yoda hiding out on some. And I was like, this is just, it just isn't right. But I don't know if you guys have seen this, whether, you know, Phil, Jimmy, anybody listening, if you're on YouTube, there are these YouTube channels now that are putting out these like AI-created stories.

[147:23] **Speaker E:** Yeah, these are really good. Some of these are really good.

[147:25] **Speaker B:** You like these, right?

[147:26] **Speaker E:** Yeah, they're really good.

[147:27] **Speaker B:** So the two that I watch a lot are Skywalker Stories and Star Wars Tales Untold. And they are giving us, the Star Wars fans, what we wanted Disney to give us, little short 8-minute videos of Vader visiting Padmé's tomb and being haunted by all the— And I'm like, this, this is— And it's, look, some of the dialogue and stuff isn't great and some of the AI isn't great. And it's like, oh really, you like this? Well, because look at what else we've gotten. It's been garbage. So like, you're giving me what I want. You're giving me like the turmoil that Vader was dealing with when he's in the suit and all these specifics of day to day. And this is what it was like right after Revenge of the Sith. And this— and I'm like, I'm all about— my wife thinks I'm crazy. She's like, are you watching that AI Star Wars stuff again? I'm like, yeah, it's so good.

[148:19] **Speaker E:** Brilliant.

[148:19] **Speaker B:** Blowing Disney out of the water.

[148:20] **Speaker E:** There's one where they actually show you what happened at the Jedi Temple when Anakin came in there. This is before he killed the younglings, and it's really dark, but it's really good. I mean, it's very disturbing, but it's very good too as well.

[148:34] **Speaker B:** Yeah, but that's the point, right? Like, that is— that's what we wanted. Yeah. You know, not that I want to see disturbing content, but I want that storytelling.

[148:43] **Speaker E:** Yeah, storytelling.

[148:43] **Speaker B:** I want to understand the conflict, right? You know, you watch Return of the Jedi And you see Luke talking to Vader on Endor and saying, I feel the conflict within you. And Vader, there is no conflict, but there was, you know. And so like you're seeing it in these AI shorts and these adaptations. Uh, there's another great account. He doesn't use the AI, but he's been doing this for a while. His name's Star Wars Theory, and he, I think he's a Canadian. Um, but he's, um, He's been very critical of the direction that Disney has gone in. They've tried to shut him down on YouTube and all this. He is, uh, he used to write all these fan fictions and all this type of stuff. And that's the type of stuff that the OG Star Wars fans want. We want more than what Disney's given us. And by the way, these guys on YouTube, I mean, they're spending money, but they're not spending millions of dollars on this AI stuff. And it's free for us to watch. You don't even have to pay to see it.

[149:44] **Speaker E:** They're spending less money putting out a better product is basically what's happening. 'Cause Disney Channel just came out with all these Star Wars series and I think that they overdid it. It's sort of like Paramount in the same respect. They overdid it with Star Trek.

[150:01] **Speaker B:** Yeah.

[150:01] **Speaker E:** The same thing. A lot of Star Trek series are out now and it's just all woke and it's all politically correct. And some of the Disney series are really good. If you watch the first season of Kenobi, it's really good.

[150:14] **Speaker B:** Oh, I loved it.

[150:15] **Speaker E:** Yeah, there's an animated series. I think Freddie Prinze Jr. does the voice. It's called Star Wars Rebels. That's really good.

[150:23] **Speaker B:** I watched that. So there was the Star Wars Clone Wars animated series, which everyone used to tell me to watch, and I was like, I'm not watching a cartoon. Like, I'm 20-something years old at this time. And you're like, if you like Star Wars, you gotta watch it.

[150:38] **Speaker E:** Yeah.

[150:39] **Speaker B:** And so I watched it and I was like, okay, this makes up for Attack of the Clones. Like, this is what Attack of the Clones should have been.

[150:44] **Speaker F:** Yeah.

[150:44] **Speaker B:** Right. It was like with Ahsoka and all these, you know, all these different elements. And you see Anakin, he goes to that planet. I forgot what the name of that planet was where he like beats the father and the son and all the Force elements on there. It was really cool. And Rebels, that was, see, that was Dave Filoni. I think was in charge of those, and he's been great. This Kathleen Kennedy lady has completely— she just took Star Wars and wiped the rear end with it. I mean, it's just awful.

[151:11] **Speaker E:** What's the one series— there's a lot of people that are dissing the Acolyte, I guess. I've never seen it, but I haven't heard of one.

[151:20] **Speaker B:** The Acolyte is a disaster.

[151:22] **Speaker E:** I haven't heard one good review about the Acolyte. I think Zioli was saying how bad this thing really was.

[151:29] **Speaker B:** It's bad. Is it really bad? Yeah.

[151:31] **Speaker E:** Book of Boba Fett's really good.

[151:33] **Speaker B:** I didn't see that.

[151:34] **Speaker F:** That's—

[151:35] **Speaker B:** I haven't watched Solo because I'm not— I'm not one of these guys. I can't yet accept somebody else playing Han Solo on my screen if it's not Harrison Ford. And I don't like Harrison Ford's politics. But, you know, like, I've been told Solo's good.

[151:47] **Speaker E:** Solo was good.

[151:48] **Speaker B:** I was told Boba was good. Boba Fett. I heard the new Darth Maul series, this Shadow Lord or something. Yeah, I heard that's pretty good. Mm-hmm. But this Mandalorian and Grogu apparently is on track to post the lowest opening weekend for a Disney-era movie. Wow. In the history of the Star Wars franchise. It's the first Star Wars theatrical release in 7 years. Heading into this weekend, the movie earned roughly $33 million on Friday in North America and is projected to bring in between $80 million to $100 million over the holiday weekend. The high end of those projected productions— projections would place the film near the, uh, 2018 opening of Solo: A Star Wars Story, which also opened on Memorial Day. Um, this Solo was seen as a major disappointment for the studio. It's Kale and Company on demand from talk radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app. Mandalorian and Grogu, vastly, uh, vastly underperforming. Expectations right now.

[152:49] **Speaker E:** That's a far cry from standing out in line as a 7-year-old kid waiting to get into a movie theater to see Star Wars.

[152:56] **Speaker B:** Mm-hmm.

[152:57] **Speaker E:** Because I remember when, when that first came out, how big that really was. I was 7 years old, and when that first came out, that was all over the place. And then you knew when you saw that there was going to be a sequel because Vader escaped. And then they put Empire out, and Empire came out at a time when sequels were just not doing really well because it was a disappointment with Jaws 2, which happened to be on yesterday, by the way. And nobody knew what the sequel was gonna be about. And the sequel came out, Empire Strikes Back, and it was a little darker. The storyline was really good. It was a lot better than the first one.

[153:36] **Speaker B:** Yeah, Empire Strikes Back is an incredibly dark movie. I mean, there's no happy ending.

[153:41] **Speaker E:** No.

[153:41] **Speaker B:** You know, like Luke survives, but there's no happy ending. Han's in the carbonite. Luke lost his arm. You know, what is thy bidding, my master? I am your father.

[153:51] **Speaker E:** And that scene just changed the whole— that just had a theater just like drop. You, you could hear a pin drop in the theater when you heard, I am your father.

[154:02] **Speaker B:** Oh man. Yeah, iconic. Yeah, like it's one of the most iconic movie reveals in the history of American cinema, right? Yeah, like Vader is Luke's father. You know, it's— it— you get to this point too, at, uh, in that when you really dive into like the lore, and that now like we, we understand the conflict between Anakin and Darth Vader and all this whole like he is Anakin but he's not Darth— like Obi-Wan describes it to Luke as, uh, as, as Darth Vader killed and murdered your father, right? Like he replaced Anakin Skywalker. But then when You look at it this way, and now this is me going completely geeking out. When Darth Vader says to Luke Skywalker, "I am your father," he is Anakin at that point, right? Yeah. Anakin Skywalker is Luke Skywalker's father, not Darth Vader, technically, if we're doing the two personality thing. And that was the beginning of Vader or Anakin's return from the dark side.

[155:03] **Speaker E:** Right.

[155:03] **Speaker B:** And it's just, it's so cool. It's, I don't know, I love it. I love the storytelling. And absolutely, Empire was a great movie and it has really grown on me, but it's a dark movie. I mean, the Rebellion gets its butt kicked the whole, the whole movie. Yeah, you know, they get, they get ran off of Hoth, uh, you know, the, the Millennium Falcon is on the asteroid for a while, nearly gets eaten by that thing. Jabba winds up getting Han Solo towards the end of the movie. Boba Fett takes him out in the carbonite. Luke loses his arm. Vader looks stronger than ever. You know, the Emperor is— you finally see him, and they look unstoppable. So it's like, it's a dark movie, but it was great, and it is arguably the best movie that they've made.

[155:43] **Speaker E:** And you got that really ticked-off Vader.

[155:45] **Speaker B:** You have failed me for the last time. That—

[155:49] **Speaker F:** yeah, whole—

[155:50] **Speaker B:** asteroids don't concern me, Admiral.

[155:53] **Speaker E:** He just seemed very angry in that second movie. He was just ready for anything at that point.

[156:00] **Speaker B:** You have him in, you know, I'm altering the deal, pray I don't alter it any further. That's the way Donald Trump should handle Iran. It's going there like Darth Vader. I'm altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further. Right. That's what I would do if I was President Trump. That's how I'd handle Iran. This Mandalorian and Grogu movies is par for the course, though, for Disney. So. Anyway, I don't know how many people were tuning in for Star Wars content this morning.

[156:27] **Speaker E:** I'm sure people were tuning in for this. You know, this is a show that can go from one point to another. You know, it's not going to just be about, well, let's just talk Iran for 4 hours a day. You can go listen to that.

[156:39] **Speaker B:** I don't even want to talk about Iran for 1 hour. I'm tired of Iran.

[156:41] **Speaker E:** You can go listen to that on some other station, but here we kind of go from one point to another. And if Greg were here, he'd be saying the same thing. Empire is probably one of the greatest movies ever. This new one just looks horrible.

[156:55] **Speaker B:** Yeah. And, and to tie it into the, you know, political cultural scene, Disney and what they did to Star Wars, you know, is the whole go woke, go broke, uh, mentality, right? The minute you start watering down what made your brand great. Yeah. Is the minute, you know, your brand stops being great. And unfortunately for Star Wars, and it hurts me to say this, I'm, I'm staring, I've got stuff on my wall. Empire Strikes, uh, A New Hope, Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi. I've got my, I love Star Wars. If it's on, I'm watching it. Yeah. Um, if it's one of the original trilogies or if it's Episode 3, uh, I'm watching it. You know, if it's the new stuff, I'm probably not. It just, it, what they did to the franchise really bothers me. So I'm all about these new AI videos on YouTube and all these creators that are putting out this new type of stuff. I think it's great.

[157:45] **Speaker E:** Yeah, it really is good.

[157:47] **Speaker B:** I think it is. But, uh, alright, alright, here we go. So I don't know how many people were listening, tuning in, listening, thinking they're gonna get Star Wars this morning, but you got what? Give me a break, give us a break. You got 20, 30 minutes of it. It's gonna break up the day. It's better than, like, like Jimmy said, it's better than going, well, I don't know, Iran deal, nuclear weapons, Newt Gingrich coming up right now.

[158:07] **Speaker E:** Greg Jarrett's gonna join us again, and we're gonna talk about Hillary Clinton and her emails and her, like, broken BleachBit hard drives or whatever. Yeah, we'll get right to that, okay?

[158:20] **Speaker B:** Ah, alright, well, we are— we do have Fight Club coming up still this weekend. This weekend, my gosh, listen to me. I'm still in weekend mode. We do have Fight Club coming up today in just a few minutes, so we're gonna get to that. I found a fight online And, um, very interesting. Uh, uh, you know, I would say maybe it's not that— not as much of a fight, so to say. I mean, it's a fight, but, uh, it's, it's dominant on one side. So we didn't want to, uh, I didn't want to leave anybody without, uh, without our favorite slash most controversial segment of the show. So we will have Fight Club. Uh, Kyle Busch, his cause of death was revealed. Very emotional day in racing yesterday. Uh, as I mentioned on, uh, Friday morning I kinda heard rumors of what the cause of death was. Turns out that those rumors were pretty much true. Very, very sad day. We will get back into some more, some more, some more politics to the FCC. Greg's favorite organization is asking the public for help with The View and whether they should be considered a bona fide news show. So that's pretty funny. As I mentioned, Fight Club and Spencer Pratt. We gotta talk Spencer Pratt because this guy is he's doing the opposite of what Thomas Massey did, listening to his, his people, listening to and having an accurate pulse of what the real world in Los Angeles is saying. And he's resonating with folks. And I'm not going to say— I'm not going to sit here and give you— I'm not going to be a hopium dealer and tell you that Spencer Pratt's going to be the next mayor of Los Angeles, because I don't think those odds are good. But what I will say is he's got the best chance of anyone running as a non-Democrat. And the reason I say that is because he's not running under a party. Um, he's got the best chance of anybody running as a non-Democrat in Los Angeles that, uh, I think anybody has had in the last couple of, uh, decades, to be completely honest. Also a very bizarre story out of Princeton, New Jersey. I don't know if, uh, Jimmy, you heard about the schizophrenic cannibal. but he's a very, very weird story turned up there in Princeton, New Jersey. So we're gonna have all that and more. Any of your thoughts on Iran, Thomas Massie, Spencer Pratt, Star Wars, 855-839-1210 as we take you all the way till 10 o'clock this morning on this Memorial Day morning. By the way, I cannot wait to see everybody who's gonna be coming out to the FOP Lodge Thursday for a remote broadcast. I cannot wait to come up, be back where we held the great mock debate. Be nice to, to be with a live audience out there at the FOP Lodge for that Families Beyond the Badge charity remote broadcast event. That is going to be a good time. Can't wait to do that this week. It's going to be a great week. Going to be a great week. So we'll be back with, with Fight Club. We'll be back with a story out of New Jersey. Be back with Kyle Busch cause of death. And then some on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD. Sean Ferris filling in for one more hour here. 855-839-1210 if you want to chime in. Back after this. Start your day with Kale and Company, weekday mornings 6 till 10 on Talk Radio 1210 WPHD and the free Odyssey app.

[161:37] **Speaker C:** Today's episode is sponsored by NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast. Personal finance can feel like a pop quiz you didn't study for. This podcast is your study guide. On NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast, you'll hear from trusted journalists who explain the why behind major financial decisions. You'll get research-backed insights and clear pros and cons, whether you're planning a big purchase or just want to grow your wealth. Make your next financial move with confidence. Follow NerdWallet's Smart Money Podcast on your favorite podcast app.

[162:06] **Speaker D:** At Lowe's, we're about to kick off something epic for fans who You want more Messi. And trust us, you'll want to be a rewards member when it happens. Join for free and get access to Messi exclusives, surprises, and more. Head to Lowes.com/moremessi. Now's the time to get in because members get more at Lowe's. Loyalty program subject to terms and conditions. Visit Lowes.com/terms for details. Subject to change.

[162:36] **Speaker C:** Presented by T-Mobile. T-Mobile, the official wireless partner of Odyssey Sports. With an awesome network and great savings, there's never been a better time to join T-Mobile. Visit your neighborhood store to make the switch today.

[162:47] **Speaker A:** What would you do if your online store converted 36% more shoppers? You could take 36% more vacation.

[162:53] **Speaker B:** Another piña colada? Yes, please.

[162:55] **Speaker A:** Open a new retail location with 36% more square feet.

[162:59] **Speaker B:** Fantastic!

[163:00] **Speaker A:** Hire 36% more help.

[163:02] **Speaker B:** You're hired, and you're hired.

[163:03] **Speaker A:** Shopify has the world's best converting checkout, up to 36% better than other e-commerce platforms. What you do with those extra sales is up to you. Switch to Shopify today at shopify.com/setup and get a $1 trial. shopify.com/setup.

[163:17] **Speaker B:** Hey sweetie, your mother showed me this Carvana thing for selling the car. I'm gonna give it a try. Wish me luck. Me again. I put in the license plate, it gave me an offer. Unbelievable.

[163:28] **Speaker E:** Okay, I accepted the offer. They're picking it up Tuesday from the driveway.

[163:32] **Speaker B:** I haven't even left my chair. It's done. The car is gone. I'm holding a check. Anyway, Carvana, give it a whirl.

[163:39] **Speaker E:** Love you.

[163:40] **Speaker B:** So good, you'll want to leave a voicemail about it.

[163:42] **Speaker A:** Sell your car today on Carvana. Pickup fees may apply.
