# 5pm - Scotus And Trump And San Diego

**Show:** Lou Penrose
**Date Published:** 2026-06-26
**Date Found:** 2026-06-26
**URL:** https://omny.fm/shows/lou-penrose/5pm-scotus-and-trump-and-san-diego?utm_source=listennotes.com&utm_campaign=Listen+Notes&utm_medium=website
**Search Target:** Karen Bass (guest)
**Duration:** 36 minutes

## Summary

This 36-minute episode of Lou Penrose mentions Karen Bass.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Karen Bass, Lou Penrose

## Key Moment

> "This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA. Forget whatever plans you have this weekend because you're staying at home and playing on SpinQuest! And there's never been a better time to sign up than right now. New users get $30 coin packs for just $10. All the table games you love with hundreds of slot games and real cash prizes. That's at SpinQuest.com. S-P-I-N-Q-U-E-S-T.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details. If you've ever marketed a product or business, you know how much attention it takes to break through. But our nation's 250th is a rare moment that cuts through the noise. And with 77% of Americans saying it's an appropriate time to celebrate, your business has a green light to show up for our nation's big birthday party. Don't miss your chance to do it with iHeart and reach local listeners when they're ready to take action. Get started today at iHeartAdvertising.com. That's iHeartAdvertising.com. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. You got it coming! This is total nonstop action! TNA Thursday Night Impact, every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNARestling.com. Lou Penrose. On NewsRadio 600 KOGO, we are live in San Diego. Thank you for tuning in, good to have you along with us Happy Thursday. Thursday, the best day of the week. A really great day for the Trump administration at the Supreme Court. You just heard the top story there. Jack Cronin with the news. The Supreme Court ruled 6 to 3 that noncitizens who show up at the southern border do not automatically count as asylum seekers under federal law and can be turned away. That is a major immigration win. A major win, and it all started here in San Diego. The case was centered around a policy that the federal government describes as metering, in which immigration, immigration officers systematically blocked and turned away asylum seekers in 2016 at ports of entry in San Diego. Um, This is— well, let me tell you what happened, and then I'll explain to you why it is just so vital that we got this ruling. And they're calling it like a double whammy. So an organization called Al Otro Lado, which we now know means the other side, they are based out of San Diego and they advocate for illegal aliens.. And they challenged the law. Uh, and supported the would-be asylum seekers who had been blocked, and they argued that the practice amounted to illegal turnback policy. And the organization argued that such a policy violated both federal law and international treaty obligations that were agreed to after World War II. Like, this goes back to when Jewish refugees were denied safe harbor in the United States. Right. There were, there were Jewish people that were leaving Poland and Germany and went to San Antonio, Texas, and they were turned around. So there is international law that says you can't do that now. And they argue that this violates the spirit of that law. So the case came down in front of the Supreme Court to what it meant for an asylum seeker to arrive in the United States. Like, what does that mean, arrive in the United States? Because you have to be in the— you have to arrive in the United States and claim asylum to be eligible for asylum. We don't have to take you. And the Trump administration argued, well, they did not arrive in the United States. They're still in Mexico. And the argument was, well, they're at the port of entry. Well, what does that really mean? Right. You have, you have to get technical and split hairs with these illegal alien activists because they're trying every which way from Sunday to enable these. Because number one, we all know that none of them are truly seeking asylum. Let's make that perfectly clear. And I'll explain in a minute what asylum means. I work for 3 members of Congress. For 15 years. I either did immigration casework or managed immigration caseworkers for 15 years. I know very well immigration law, and none of these people qualify for asylum. But they can all ask for asylum. And how do you ask for asylum? Well, you have to ask for asylum when you're in the United States, when you arrive in the United States. And the government said, well, arrives in the United States is what the law says, and that has to be defined literally as being in the United States on U.S. soil. And being at the port of entry isn't in the United States, it's on the other side. El otro lado, uh, argued that an immigrant who arrives at a port of entry has met the legal standard even if they not technically stepped over the international boundary. And the Ninth Circuit Court upheld the federal judge's ruling and side with the illegal aliens. And this morning the Supreme Court overturned it, and now the illegal aliens are back on the other side. Look, a huge win for the Trump administration. Like, this is really important that we are able to do this. Here's the headline: the Supreme Court has delivered an immigration double whammy this morning, giving the Trump administration the green light to deport over a million immigrants, uh, that have been in the country illegally. It also vindicated the administration's effort for mass deportation campaigns that help and beat back legal challenges since the start. Of Trump's second term. This is really, really important. I have said and I maintain that of all Trump's campaign promises, the one that's going to have the largest impact on your life is the campaign promise of interior enforcement of American immigration law. That is so important in so many aspects. Yeah, I mean, if we get into domestic drilling and get out, out of our involvement of the Middle East, the gas prices will go down and that's great. That'll be great. If he lowers taxes, that'll be great. And he did. And he did do domestic drilling. And for a while, gas prices were going down. And by the way, I saw that they're like $5.33 now in Kearney Mesa. So they are going down. But none of his campaign promises will have as large of an impact on your life as a San Diegan than his promise to use existing immigration law to enforce interior enforcement of immigration law, which means deporting the illegals. So seal the border and round up all the illegals and throw them in the back of the ICE van. That, that's all we have to do. And notice that we did not have to pass a single law in Congress to do any of this. There's been no immigration law introduced into the House of Representatives. There's been efforts by Democrats to create amnesty, but, and they go nowhere. But there's been no immigration law introduced into the House of Representatives. Notice that. You know why? Every single thing Trump is doing is existing law. It's illegal to be in the United States illegally. And it is perfectly legal for the ICE van to come and round them up and throw them in the back of the van and deport them. And everybody's acting like something unique is happening. Yeah, it is unique. We're finally enforcing our own law. And Trump is doing everything by executive order and it's working. He said, okay, President Biden, you gave these Haitians temporary protection status because you honestly think that they're being prosecuted, persecuted in Haiti for being Haitian or being voodoo, which is what you'd have to be to qualify for asylum. Okay, you did that by executive order. Okay, then by executive order, I'm going to suspend their temporary protection status. Now they're illegal again, and we're going to round them up and show them the way home to Haiti, which is what happened this morning as well. The Supreme Court said yes, President Trump absolutely has the authority by executive order, just as Biden had the authority by executive order to grant temporary protection status, which means that Biden effectively paroled the deportation process, uh, and Trump has the same legal authority to suspend it and throw the 350,000 Haitians, uh, on a plane back to Haiti. And the Supreme Court said yes, he can. It's a huge decision because keep in mind it affects about 350,000 Haitians who are in the country. And the Trump administration's whole point has been, what does the T in TPS stand for, right? Temporary. They just keep extending it over and over and over. And these immigration activists and federal judges came back and said that it would be cruel to end it, that they need these protections. One of the— it's cruel to be in my country as a foreigner masquerading as someone seeking asylum. I'm not going to tolerate this cruel thing. I'm not cruel. I'm an American. I live here. You're a Haitian. You don't live here. You are pretending that you are seeking asylum. You know you don't qualify for asylum. You know that there's so many of you that there's no way we couldn't have enough asylum judges, immigration judges to hear your case. So you're just going to get to be here for pretty much forever. And you're a lousy liar. I have no tolerance for foreigners masquerading as Americans in my neighborhood. None. So it's not cruel. The foreigners are cruel. Not going to allow it, not going to stand for it. Came back and said that it would be cruel to end it, that they need these protections. One of the federal judges even accused Kristi Noem of being racist for wanting to overturn these protections. So, yeah, racist. What race is Haitian? Unbelievable. Well, a great day for Trump. And I think days like today and decisions like these And victory laps like the one he's about to take over these Supreme Court decisions is the way to hold the House in the upcoming midterm election. 9 days until the 4th of July, 23 until the All-Star Game, 79 until the kickoff of the NFL. We are 520 days into the Trump presidency. That gives us 959 more days of liberal tears. All right. When we come back, another Supreme Court decision today affirming gun rights of people that carry guns. I'll tell you all about it coming up next. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO, live on the iHeartRadio app. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO. Thanks for tuning in. Happy Thursday. Thursday, the best day of the week. Hey, Lou, Stephen Claremont. Since we're talking immigration, I would like to know what your opinion is on what you think the Supreme Court is going to do with the birthright citizenship that has to be coming up here any day now. I'm pretty interested in that. I believe you're very interested in that. Curious what your opinion is and what your thoughts are. Have a great day, Lou. I can't wait for that decision to come out. I really can't. Partially because it'll put to rest the discussion. I'm happy to live with the Supreme Court opinion. I hope it's a strong opinion one way or the other, and then we'll just deal with the consequences. I fully believe that that amendment was for the children that were born of the slaves that were in the United States. It is right between 2 other constitutional amendments that dealt specifically with slavery. Clearly, that's what they meant. They were not talking about an illegal alien from Guatemala in 2026. They were talking about what do we do with these people now? They're free, but what are they? Okay, let's make them citizens. Okay. And, you know, right. Let's— I mean, Obviously, that's what it's about. Now, illegal aliens in the 21st century have exploited an 1860s, you know, constitutional amendment to pretend that it applies to them. And you can do that if— since the language was unclear in the amendment, And really, nobody really expected a bunch of illegals coming into the United States back then. I mean, who knew we had such inhospitable neighbors? They would just come into our country and steal our public social services and lie. But you didn't know back then. And so, so unfortunately for the Constitution, words matter there too. And if the Constitution is unclear about it and an illegal alien from Honduras comes into my country and has a baby, And now that baby technically qualifies for citizenship based on that amendment, then I'm stuck. So we either have to amend the Constitution or deal with it. So we'll see. I'm right now, I put the chances at 50/50 that the Supreme Court sides with me and says this was about the children of slaves. This is not about an illegal alien in the country illegally. Because an illegal alien, in my legal opinion, I'm not a lawyer, but I've studied enough of this and listened to enough constitutional scholars to come to the conclusion that an illegal alien is not subject to our jurisdiction. A slave is subject to our jurisdiction, or freed slave. But an illegal alien is not subject to our jurisdiction because an illegal alien can go home. Without our permission. So they're not subject to our jurisdiction in legal terms. That's the argument I would make. So I will see. Yeah, I think it's gonna happen this week. I'm very excited about it. I can't wait to see what happens. I think if the Supreme Court sides with me and says all these anchor babies belong in Mexico, in Brazil, in Guatemala, in Honduras, They're not U.S. citizens. I think Democrats are going to lose their mind. And I'm so looking forward to that. That's going to be a great day. No, I'll take it one step further. And this got one friend of mine disbarred in the state of California, and it'll probably get me fined by the FCC. But I'm going to say it anyway. I am of the opinion that Kamala Harris is not eligible to be president. Do you know why? Now you tell me if this is just, you know, conspiracy theory, crazy talk, or if this is thoughtful constitutional analysis. Kamala Harris's mother was not a US citizen. She was an Indian on a student visa studying in the United States. Kamala Harris's father was not an American. He was a Jamaican national on a student visa studying in the United States. Now, when you're on a student visa, I think the expectation is you're going to come and study and then you're going to go home, right? I mean, that, that's like— they were not in the process of applying for green card status. There was no evidence that they had any interest in becoming Americans. Those two individuals fell in love and had Kamala. So she belongs to India or Jamaica, but not America. She belongs to her parents. But she was born on U.S. soil, so she believes that she's an American citizen eligible for the presidency. And I think she's not, just based on those, on those realities. And I also think that since the father's student visa expired before she was born, he was an illegal alien. So all the more reason that she is, uh, uh, at best an anchor baby. But certainly not eligible to be president. And there was a law professor up at Chapman University that made that very thoughtful constitutional argument. And the people got crazy. The haters just hated on him. And they said, that's hate talk, that's hateful. And they got him kicked off the campus. He was dean of the law school. He can't be the dean of the law school anymore. And then the California Bar Association took away his ability to practice law. For uttering such a thing. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600, KOGO giveaway time. I have a pair of tickets to see Brit Floyd at the Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theater, Saturday, July 11th. Tickets and ticket information go to ticketmaster.com. But seeing a Pink Floyd cover band, an award-winning and acclaimed Pink Floyd cover band. Pink Floyd, not easy to play. That's some complicated guitar work. There's a whole lot going on there, and you gotta do it right because Floyd fans know every note. And to experience it in an open-air theater right here in San Diego, what a night! Good for you if you win. 800-600-COGO. 800-600-5646. Caller number 6 picks up the tickets. Good luck. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600-COGO. You heard there, Jack Cronin, the Supreme Court did indeed weigh in on the Hawaii gun law. This is very weird, very strange. This is belligerent to people's Second Amendment rights. Like, there's the Second Amendment and then there is the concealed carry thing. And there's a process. You do have the right to carry a weapon on you and conceal it. Not everybody wants to or needs to.. But even in California, you can get a concealed carry permit, but you got to go do— you have to jump through a lot of hoops. You got to demonstrate and all that stuff. So people that have done this, these are very responsible and safe gun owners. And Hawaii is just belligerent to people's Second Amendment rights. And they said, okay, well, we can't stop you from concealed carry. But what we can do is prohibit you from carrying on in public spaces that are privately owned without the express written consent of the owner. So think about that. So you're a concealed carry person, you're loaded, you're strapped, and You go into a gas station and you can't take your gun in there with you because you don't have the express written consent of the gas station owner or a restaurant or store or a mall. So of course this begged to be heard at the Supreme Court and it was. Hawaii statute requiring concealed carry license holders get expressed approval before bringing a firearm into public spaces like a store or a hotel. Is a violation of the Constitution's Second Amendment, the Supreme Court rules. All right. So this is great. I mean, I like these cases. I don't mind the Supreme Court at all. I think they tend to get it right. And even when they are tilted liberal or tilted conservative, every once in a while you get surprised. There are some court cases that I think even surprise Donald Trump where they rule against him. And then there are some times when it's a liberal-leaning Supreme Court back in the early days, And they sided with Reagan. And it's like, wow, these are legal scholars. They're not often politically motivated. Now, the 3 dissenting people on the Supreme Court all day today, they looked very political to me. They didn't seem very legal. But by and large, I think they get it right. And I like that it is the final say. So if we— if it gets to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court hears it, then we accept what they said and we adjust, adapt, and modify. I felt that way about Roe v. Wade. I feel that way about birthright citizenship. And I like that they're opining on this one because the efforts by Democrats to restrict your Second Amendment rights never stop. First, they make it so you can't buy the gun you want and start saying things like— they make up words like an assault weapon. There's no such thing as an assault weapon. You can assault anybody with any weapon. You can assault somebody without a weapon, but they make it sound like it's a thing and you can't have one when you absolutely have the right to have any weapon you want with some restrictions. I believe you ought to be able to have any weapon you want. It's the, the first, the, uh, the right to bear arms. What's an arm? An arm is what it was when they wrote the Second Amendment, and it is what it is today. The Constitution's a living document. So they, they're constantly trying to get you to not have the gun you want, and then they're trying to confiscate your gun at all times. Now they're like, okay, we can't win. People have the— it's a handgun now, so it's not an assault weapon. People have— this guy wants to— he has the right to carry the weapon. So how do we make his life difficult? Well, you need to go and get the permission of the gas station owner. You need to go and get permission of the hotelier before you take that weapon into there, uh, because that's private property, uh, under the state law in Hawaii. Like, that's the length that they went to. That's the amount of twists and turns that the gun haters and the Second Amendment haters went— that's the lengths they go to. To stop your right to keep and bear arms. Justice Samuel Alito, writing for a 6-3 conservative majority, says the law severely restricts the daily activities of individuals who already satisfied the state's rigorous requirements for a concealed carry permit. The state argued the statute balanced gun rights and property rights. In Washington, Jared Halpern, Fox News. Yeah, I like that. I do like it. And it's driving Democrats crazy. Governor Gavin Newsom tweeted out about it today, said that people will be less safe. And I'm thinking, how do you make that argument, right? Somebody that is licensed to carry a firearm has far more training than the rest of us that are civilian. I mean, but like the level of training that cops get. So you are safer around that guy in the gas station in Hawaii. That's the guy you want to stand next to. And like, and Karen Bass, like, tweeted out something about going into stores. And I'm thinking, are you kidding? You— have you ever gone to a gas station in downtown Los Angeles? Trust me, you want that guy. He's on your side. But it's Trump Derangement Syndrome. It's just more Trump Derangement Syndrome. I told you there are people around the reflecting pool that are rooting for the algae. We played this earlier. These are people that are— and now we know that the National Park Service confirmed that somebody sabotaged the pool. They cut it with a razor blade, the lining. So they— so probably the algae is a result of sabotage as well. Just vandalism. But rather than wanting the pool to look nice, rather than, you know, saying, look, President Trump is actually in charge of the federal city and he's very big on fountains working and grounds being kept and things being clean. And so what's the problem with power washing the fountain at Columbus Circle? What's the problem with having the reflecting pool actually reflect the Washington Monument. Why is clean annoying to Democrats? And it's because Trump is doing it. Here are people in D.C. rooting for the algae. Let's go, algae! Let's go! Let's go, algae! Let's go! Let's go, algae! Let's go! Woo! Yeah, algae! Right. They want the algae. They don't want it clean. They don't want it American flag blue. These people are sick in the head. I have said this and I maintain Democrats do not have a political problem. They have a maturity problem. And you just heard it, by the way. Democrat Senator John Fetterman, whose rumors are that he is considering switching parties and becoming a Republican. But he said, yeah, there's a lot of immaturity out there and people just have to get a life. He was asked by TMZ in D.C., what do you make of this criticism of the big fight that Trump had a couple of Sundays ago? And he said, people just need to get over it. Larry David right now is going viral because he said that the UFC event at the White House made him embarrassed to be an American. To that, you say what? I'd say lighten up, Francis. You know, really kind of. And really kind of get over himself. By the way, did you catch that, Mr. Finnerty? Lighten up, Francis. That's great. I got it. The reporter clearly didn't get it. An American. To that, you say what? I'd say lighten up, Francis. You know, really kind of Francis and really kind of get over himself. You know, like, hey, I'm proud to be American. And if you are embarrassed or whatever because of a UFC thing, get over yourself, dude. Wait, what do you mean, Francis? Water has absolutely no idea what lighting up Francis means. I love it that, uh, John Fetterman is doing like the Lou Penrose thing where you just, uh, basically filter all the day's events through movie lines from the '70s, '80s, and '90s. Stripes was really— yeah, Stripes was released 45 years ago today, 26 June 1981. Lighting up Francis, how great is that? I wonder how many of the listeners know this. July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at america250.org/LA. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live Blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. If you run a business, consider this: 77% of Americans say our nation's 250th birthday is an appropriate time to celebrate. That gives you the green light to advertise. Let iHeart help you advertise around America 250. Call 844-844-IHEART today to get started. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity blowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total nonstop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here. Don't miss the action A special edition of TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit tnawrestling.com. Fetterman meant Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO. Well, it's official, there is a most expensive Burger King in America, and it is in California. There's a guy that does these on, uh, TikTok, and it's always interesting to me. Goes around to like different cities and tries to find the cheapest and the most expensive. It's always kind of fun because we're all watching these fast food prices just really skyrocket. Like, fast food used to be like a cheap option. Now it's certainly not. It's— and that's— Chili's has that big campaign where they're kind of needling McDonald's because the McDonald's value menu deal is equal to the same cheeseburger, fries, and a soda, add chilies, and you can sit down and a nice waitress brings it to you and you get refills. Like, they're both $10.99. But there's a guy that found it. It's at LAX, and I confirmed it to be true using my own reporters because my son was at LAX this afternoon coming back from Utah. And I'm like, hey, while you're in the airport, do me a favor. Go to this terminal and take a photograph for me because I don't want to go on the air if it's not true. And I can't believe it. It is true. And it is the most expensive Burger King in America. So I'm catching a red-eye. Look at these prices, bro. Look at these prices. What are you talking about? What's going on? At LAX. So here's the actual total. $65. $65. $65 at the LAX Burger King. What did he buy? Talking about what's going on at LAX. So here's the actual total, $65 on 2 combos. 2 combos, 2 meals, 2. And it is, it's a, they're $26 for like a, like the Big King or the Whopper, fries and soda. $26 for the combo meal. Now I get it that things are a little more expensive at airports, but man, when I was working at Burger King, like, the most expensive meal that you could get is the largest burger, which is the Double Whopper with cheese. I— and I mean, I worked there many years, and I can count on one hand the amount of times I ever sold a Double Whopper with cheese. So huge. Nobody could eat that. Like, people would buy it almost as a gag or drunk people, but huge. Nobody, you know, it's way too much. But the double Whopper with cheese, fries and soda meal, you know, could be like $6, which then was an expensive meal. $6. That's just unbelievable. $26 for a Whopper combo. Here's the actual total. $65 on two combos. On two combos, bro. $65, bro. This is— I don't know what's going on at LAX, man. Yeah, that's an expensive, uh, so that's it. That, uh, that takes the cake. That is the most expensive fast food meal anyone's ever heard of, and it's at LAX. So if you're at LAX, hit the McDonald's or pack a lunch and eat it like that. That's more than double. I just Googled it, and in the San Diego area, the Whopper combo usually costs about anywhere from $11.99 to $15.95. Yeah, even like $15.95, the Burger King, there used to be Burger King off the 76 across from Ocean's Eleven Casino. Yeah, because it was like the closest Burger King to my house. And I don't know if you know this, but I used to work at Burger King. Maybe. Yeah, I think you might have. And so I know what to order there and I like it. It closed down. But yeah, I remember there were like Whopper combos, then they were in the teens. And this was a couple of years ago. I'm like, wow, guys, you're really pushing the envelope on some of these prices. So yeah, if it's $15 on the high end in San Diego, at LAX, I'm not surprised it's $26. Wow. $26. And there was nothing on that menu. And there is no value menu at Burger King, but there was nothing on that menu that was like under $8. Like a single double, like an individual double cheeseburger. I think it's, I can't see it because I'm like enlarging it with my thumbs here. $8.99. $8.99. For the, yeah, not a combo, not fries and a drink. I don't know, Burger King. Gonna have to come up with a loss leader. This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't miss 4th of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Forth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now, all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. If you run a business, you know how hard it is to get your customers' attention. Yet 85% of consumers say radio is the the last thing they hear before shopping. Let iHeartRadio help you reach your next customer today at iHeartAdvertising.com. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity flowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total nonstop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here! Don't miss the action of TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNARestling.com."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Karen Bass was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA. Forget whatever plans you have this weekend because you're staying at home and playing on SpinQuest! And there's never been a better time to sign up than right now. New users get $30 coin packs for just $10. All the table games you love with hundreds of slot games and real cash prizes. That's at SpinQuest.com. S-P-I-N-Q-U-E-S-T.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details. If you've ever marketed a product or business, you know how much attention it takes to break through. But our nation's 250th is a rare moment that cuts through the noise. And with 77% of Americans saying it's an appropriate time to celebrate, your business has a green light to show up for our nation's big birthday party. Don't miss your chance to do it with iHeart and reach local listeners when they're ready to take action. Get started today at iHeartAdvertising.com. That's iHeartAdvertising.com. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. You got it coming! This is total nonstop action! TNA Thursday Night Impact, every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNARestling.com. Lou Penrose. On NewsRadio 600 KOGO, we are live in San Diego. Thank you for tuning in, good to have you along with us Happy Thursday. Thursday, the best day of the week. A really great day for the Trump administration at the Supreme Court. You just heard the top story there. Jack Cronin with the news. The Supreme Court ruled 6 to 3 that noncitizens who show up at the southern border do not automatically count as asylum seekers under federal law and can be turned away. That is a major immigration win. A major win, and it all started here in San Diego. The case was centered around a policy that the federal government describes as metering, in which immigration, immigration officers systematically blocked and turned away asylum seekers in 2016 at ports of entry in San Diego. Um, This is— well, let me tell you what happened, and then I'll explain to you why it is just so vital that we got this ruling. And they're calling it like a double whammy. So an organization called Al Otro Lado, which we now know means the other side, they are based out of San Diego and they advocate for illegal aliens.. And they challenged the law. Uh, and supported the would-be asylum seekers who had been blocked, and they argued that the practice amounted to illegal turnback policy. And the organization argued that such a policy violated both federal law and international treaty obligations that were agreed to after World War II. Like, this goes back to when Jewish refugees were denied safe harbor in the United States. Right. There were, there were Jewish people that were leaving Poland and Germany and went to San Antonio, Texas, and they were turned around. So there is international law that says you can't do that now. And they argue that this violates the spirit of that law. So the case came down in front of the Supreme Court to what it meant for an asylum seeker to arrive in the United States. Like, what does that mean, arrive in the United States? Because you have to be in the— you have to arrive in the United States and claim asylum to be eligible for asylum. We don't have to take you. And the Trump administration argued, well, they did not arrive in the United States. They're still in Mexico. And the argument was, well, they're at the port of entry. Well, what does that really mean? Right. You have, you have to get technical and split hairs with these illegal alien activists because they're trying every which way from Sunday to enable these. Because number one, we all know that none of them are truly seeking asylum. Let's make that perfectly clear. And I'll explain in a minute what asylum means. I work for 3 members of Congress. For 15 years. I either did immigration casework or managed immigration caseworkers for 15 years. I know very well immigration law, and none of these people qualify for asylum. But they can all ask for asylum. And how do you ask for asylum? Well, you have to ask for asylum when you're in the United States, when you arrive in the United States. And the government said, well, arrives in the United States is what the law says, and that has to be defined literally as being in the United States on U.S. soil. And being at the port of entry isn't in the United States, it's on the other side. El otro lado, uh, argued that an immigrant who arrives at a port of entry has met the legal standard even if they not technically stepped over the international boundary. And the Ninth Circuit Court upheld the federal judge's ruling and side with the illegal aliens. And this morning the Supreme Court overturned it, and now the illegal aliens are back on the other side. Look, a huge win for the Trump administration. Like, this is really important that we are able to do this. Here's the headline: the Supreme Court has delivered an immigration double whammy this morning, giving the Trump administration the green light to deport over a million immigrants, uh, that have been in the country illegally. It also vindicated the administration's effort for mass deportation campaigns that help and beat back legal challenges since the start. Of Trump's second term. This is really, really important. I have said and I maintain that of all Trump's campaign promises, the one that's going to have the largest impact on your life is the campaign promise of interior enforcement of American immigration law. That is so important in so many aspects. Yeah, I mean, if we get into domestic drilling and get out, out of our involvement of the Middle East, the gas prices will go down and that's great. That'll be great. If he lowers taxes, that'll be great. And he did. And he did do domestic drilling. And for a while, gas prices were going down. And by the way, I saw that they're like $5.33 now in Kearney Mesa. So they are going down. But none of his campaign promises will have as large of an impact on your life as a San Diegan than his promise to use existing immigration law to enforce interior enforcement of immigration law, which means deporting the illegals. So seal the border and round up all the illegals and throw them in the back of the ICE van. That, that's all we have to do. And notice that we did not have to pass a single law in Congress to do any of this. There's been no immigration law introduced into the House of Representatives. There's been efforts by Democrats to create amnesty, but, and they go nowhere. But there's been no immigration law introduced into the House of Representatives. Notice that. You know why? Every single thing Trump is doing is existing law. It's illegal to be in the United States illegally. And it is perfectly legal for the ICE van to come and round them up and throw them in the back of the van and deport them. And everybody's acting like something unique is happening. Yeah, it is unique. We're finally enforcing our own law. And Trump is doing everything by executive order and it's working. He said, okay, President Biden, you gave these Haitians temporary protection status because you honestly think that they're being prosecuted, persecuted in Haiti for being Haitian or being voodoo, which is what you'd have to be to qualify for asylum. Okay, you did that by executive order. Okay, then by executive order, I'm going to suspend their temporary protection status. Now they're illegal again, and we're going to round them up and show them the way home to Haiti, which is what happened this morning as well. The Supreme Court said yes, President Trump absolutely has the authority by executive order, just as Biden had the authority by executive order to grant temporary protection status, which means that Biden effectively paroled the deportation process, uh, and Trump has the same legal authority to suspend it and throw the 350,000 Haitians, uh, on a plane back to Haiti. And the Supreme Court said yes, he can. It's a huge decision because keep in mind it affects about 350,000 Haitians who are in the country. And the Trump administration's whole point has been, what does the T in TPS stand for, right? Temporary. They just keep extending it over and over and over. And these immigration activists and federal judges came back and said that it would be cruel to end it, that they need these protections. One of the— it's cruel to be in my country as a foreigner masquerading as someone seeking asylum. I'm not going to tolerate this cruel thing. I'm not cruel. I'm an American. I live here. You're a Haitian. You don't live here. You are pretending that you are seeking asylum. You know you don't qualify for asylum. You know that there's so many of you that there's no way we couldn't have enough asylum judges, immigration judges to hear your case. So you're just going to get to be here for pretty much forever. And you're a lousy liar. I have no tolerance for foreigners masquerading as Americans in my neighborhood. None. So it's not cruel. The foreigners are cruel. Not going to allow it, not going to stand for it. Came back and said that it would be cruel to end it, that they need these protections. One of the federal judges even accused Kristi Noem of being racist for wanting to overturn these protections. So, yeah, racist. What race is Haitian? Unbelievable. Well, a great day for Trump. And I think days like today and decisions like these And victory laps like the one he's about to take over these Supreme Court decisions is the way to hold the House in the upcoming midterm election. 9 days until the 4th of July, 23 until the All-Star Game, 79 until the kickoff of the NFL. We are 520 days into the Trump presidency. That gives us 959 more days of liberal tears. All right. When we come back, another Supreme Court decision today affirming gun rights of people that carry guns. I'll tell you all about it coming up next. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO, live on the iHeartRadio app. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO. Thanks for tuning in. Happy Thursday. Thursday, the best day of the week. Hey, Lou, Stephen Claremont. Since we're talking immigration, I would like to know what your opinion is on what you think the Supreme Court is going to do with the birthright citizenship that has to be coming up here any day now. I'm pretty interested in that. I believe you're very interested in that. Curious what your opinion is and what your thoughts are. Have a great day, Lou. I can't wait for that decision to come out. I really can't. Partially because it'll put to rest the discussion. I'm happy to live with the Supreme Court opinion. I hope it's a strong opinion one way or the other, and then we'll just deal with the consequences. I fully believe that that amendment was for the children that were born of the slaves that were in the United States. It is right between 2 other constitutional amendments that dealt specifically with slavery. Clearly, that's what they meant. They were not talking about an illegal alien from Guatemala in 2026. They were talking about what do we do with these people now? They're free, but what are they? Okay, let's make them citizens. Okay. And, you know, right. Let's— I mean, Obviously, that's what it's about. Now, illegal aliens in the 21st century have exploited an 1860s, you know, constitutional amendment to pretend that it applies to them. And you can do that if— since the language was unclear in the amendment, And really, nobody really expected a bunch of illegals coming into the United States back then. I mean, who knew we had such inhospitable neighbors? They would just come into our country and steal our public social services and lie. But you didn't know back then. And so, so unfortunately for the Constitution, words matter there too. And if the Constitution is unclear about it and an illegal alien from Honduras comes into my country and has a baby, And now that baby technically qualifies for citizenship based on that amendment, then I'm stuck. So we either have to amend the Constitution or deal with it. So we'll see. I'm right now, I put the chances at 50/50 that the Supreme Court sides with me and says this was about the children of slaves. This is not about an illegal alien in the country illegally. Because an illegal alien, in my legal opinion, I'm not a lawyer, but I've studied enough of this and listened to enough constitutional scholars to come to the conclusion that an illegal alien is not subject to our jurisdiction. A slave is subject to our jurisdiction, or freed slave. But an illegal alien is not subject to our jurisdiction because an illegal alien can go home. Without our permission. So they're not subject to our jurisdiction in legal terms. That's the argument I would make. So I will see. Yeah, I think it's gonna happen this week. I'm very excited about it. I can't wait to see what happens. I think if the Supreme Court sides with me and says all these anchor babies belong in Mexico, in Brazil, in Guatemala, in Honduras, They're not U.S. citizens. I think Democrats are going to lose their mind. And I'm so looking forward to that. That's going to be a great day. No, I'll take it one step further. And this got one friend of mine disbarred in the state of California, and it'll probably get me fined by the FCC. But I'm going to say it anyway. I am of the opinion that Kamala Harris is not eligible to be president. Do you know why? Now you tell me if this is just, you know, conspiracy theory, crazy talk, or if this is thoughtful constitutional analysis. Kamala Harris's mother was not a US citizen. She was an Indian on a student visa studying in the United States. Kamala Harris's father was not an American. He was a Jamaican national on a student visa studying in the United States. Now, when you're on a student visa, I think the expectation is you're going to come and study and then you're going to go home, right? I mean, that, that's like— they were not in the process of applying for green card status. There was no evidence that they had any interest in becoming Americans. Those two individuals fell in love and had Kamala. So she belongs to India or Jamaica, but not America. She belongs to her parents. But she was born on U.S. soil, so she believes that she's an American citizen eligible for the presidency. And I think she's not, just based on those, on those realities. And I also think that since the father's student visa expired before she was born, he was an illegal alien. So all the more reason that she is, uh, uh, at best an anchor baby. But certainly not eligible to be president. And there was a law professor up at Chapman University that made that very thoughtful constitutional argument. And the people got crazy. The haters just hated on him. And they said, that's hate talk, that's hateful. And they got him kicked off the campus. He was dean of the law school. He can't be the dean of the law school anymore. And then the California Bar Association took away his ability to practice law. For uttering such a thing. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600, KOGO giveaway time. I have a pair of tickets to see Brit Floyd at the Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theater, Saturday, July 11th. Tickets and ticket information go to ticketmaster.com. But seeing a Pink Floyd cover band, an award-winning and acclaimed Pink Floyd cover band. Pink Floyd, not easy to play. That's some complicated guitar work. There's a whole lot going on there, and you gotta do it right because Floyd fans know every note. And to experience it in an open-air theater right here in San Diego, what a night! Good for you if you win. 800-600-COGO. 800-600-5646. Caller number 6 picks up the tickets. Good luck. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600-COGO. You heard there, Jack Cronin, the Supreme Court did indeed weigh in on the Hawaii gun law. This is very weird, very strange. This is belligerent to people's Second Amendment rights. Like, there's the Second Amendment and then there is the concealed carry thing. And there's a process. You do have the right to carry a weapon on you and conceal it. Not everybody wants to or needs to.. But even in California, you can get a concealed carry permit, but you got to go do— you have to jump through a lot of hoops. You got to demonstrate and all that stuff. So people that have done this, these are very responsible and safe gun owners. And Hawaii is just belligerent to people's Second Amendment rights. And they said, okay, well, we can't stop you from concealed carry. But what we can do is prohibit you from carrying on in public spaces that are privately owned without the express written consent of the owner. So think about that. So you're a concealed carry person, you're loaded, you're strapped, and You go into a gas station and you can't take your gun in there with you because you don't have the express written consent of the gas station owner or a restaurant or store or a mall. So of course this begged to be heard at the Supreme Court and it was. Hawaii statute requiring concealed carry license holders get expressed approval before bringing a firearm into public spaces like a store or a hotel. Is a violation of the Constitution's Second Amendment, the Supreme Court rules. All right. So this is great. I mean, I like these cases. I don't mind the Supreme Court at all. I think they tend to get it right. And even when they are tilted liberal or tilted conservative, every once in a while you get surprised. There are some court cases that I think even surprise Donald Trump where they rule against him. And then there are some times when it's a liberal-leaning Supreme Court back in the early days, And they sided with Reagan. And it's like, wow, these are legal scholars. They're not often politically motivated. Now, the 3 dissenting people on the Supreme Court all day today, they looked very political to me. They didn't seem very legal. But by and large, I think they get it right. And I like that it is the final say. So if we— if it gets to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court hears it, then we accept what they said and we adjust, adapt, and modify. I felt that way about Roe v. Wade. I feel that way about birthright citizenship. And I like that they're opining on this one because the efforts by Democrats to restrict your Second Amendment rights never stop. First, they make it so you can't buy the gun you want and start saying things like— they make up words like an assault weapon. There's no such thing as an assault weapon. You can assault anybody with any weapon. You can assault somebody without a weapon, but they make it sound like it's a thing and you can't have one when you absolutely have the right to have any weapon you want with some restrictions. I believe you ought to be able to have any weapon you want. It's the, the first, the, uh, the right to bear arms. What's an arm? An arm is what it was when they wrote the Second Amendment, and it is what it is today. The Constitution's a living document. So they, they're constantly trying to get you to not have the gun you want, and then they're trying to confiscate your gun at all times. Now they're like, okay, we can't win. People have the— it's a handgun now, so it's not an assault weapon. People have— this guy wants to— he has the right to carry the weapon. So how do we make his life difficult? Well, you need to go and get the permission of the gas station owner. You need to go and get permission of the hotelier before you take that weapon into there, uh, because that's private property, uh, under the state law in Hawaii. Like, that's the length that they went to. That's the amount of twists and turns that the gun haters and the Second Amendment haters went— that's the lengths they go to. To stop your right to keep and bear arms. Justice Samuel Alito, writing for a 6-3 conservative majority, says the law severely restricts the daily activities of individuals who already satisfied the state's rigorous requirements for a concealed carry permit. The state argued the statute balanced gun rights and property rights. In Washington, Jared Halpern, Fox News. Yeah, I like that. I do like it. And it's driving Democrats crazy. Governor Gavin Newsom tweeted out about it today, said that people will be less safe. And I'm thinking, how do you make that argument, right? Somebody that is licensed to carry a firearm has far more training than the rest of us that are civilian. I mean, but like the level of training that cops get. So you are safer around that guy in the gas station in Hawaii. That's the guy you want to stand next to. And like, and Karen Bass, like, tweeted out something about going into stores. And I'm thinking, are you kidding? You— have you ever gone to a gas station in downtown Los Angeles? Trust me, you want that guy. He's on your side. But it's Trump Derangement Syndrome. It's just more Trump Derangement Syndrome. I told you there are people around the reflecting pool that are rooting for the algae. We played this earlier. These are people that are— and now we know that the National Park Service confirmed that somebody sabotaged the pool. They cut it with a razor blade, the lining. So they— so probably the algae is a result of sabotage as well. Just vandalism. But rather than wanting the pool to look nice, rather than, you know, saying, look, President Trump is actually in charge of the federal city and he's very big on fountains working and grounds being kept and things being clean. And so what's the problem with power washing the fountain at Columbus Circle? What's the problem with having the reflecting pool actually reflect the Washington Monument. Why is clean annoying to Democrats? And it's because Trump is doing it. Here are people in D.C. rooting for the algae. Let's go, algae! Let's go! Let's go, algae! Let's go! Let's go, algae! Let's go! Woo! Yeah, algae! Right. They want the algae. They don't want it clean. They don't want it American flag blue. These people are sick in the head. I have said this and I maintain Democrats do not have a political problem. They have a maturity problem. And you just heard it, by the way. Democrat Senator John Fetterman, whose rumors are that he is considering switching parties and becoming a Republican. But he said, yeah, there's a lot of immaturity out there and people just have to get a life. He was asked by TMZ in D.C., what do you make of this criticism of the big fight that Trump had a couple of Sundays ago? And he said, people just need to get over it. Larry David right now is going viral because he said that the UFC event at the White House made him embarrassed to be an American. To that, you say what? I'd say lighten up, Francis. You know, really kind of. And really kind of get over himself. By the way, did you catch that, Mr. Finnerty? Lighten up, Francis. That's great. I got it. The reporter clearly didn't get it. An American. To that, you say what? I'd say lighten up, Francis. You know, really kind of Francis and really kind of get over himself. You know, like, hey, I'm proud to be American. And if you are embarrassed or whatever because of a UFC thing, get over yourself, dude. Wait, what do you mean, Francis? Water has absolutely no idea what lighting up Francis means. I love it that, uh, John Fetterman is doing like the Lou Penrose thing where you just, uh, basically filter all the day's events through movie lines from the '70s, '80s, and '90s. Stripes was really— yeah, Stripes was released 45 years ago today, 26 June 1981. Lighting up Francis, how great is that? I wonder how many of the listeners know this. July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at america250.org/LA. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live Blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. If you run a business, consider this: 77% of Americans say our nation's 250th birthday is an appropriate time to celebrate. That gives you the green light to advertise. Let iHeart help you advertise around America 250. Call 844-844-IHEART today to get started. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity blowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total nonstop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here. Don't miss the action A special edition of TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit tnawrestling.com. Fetterman meant Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO. Well, it's official, there is a most expensive Burger King in America, and it is in California. There's a guy that does these on, uh, TikTok, and it's always interesting to me. Goes around to like different cities and tries to find the cheapest and the most expensive. It's always kind of fun because we're all watching these fast food prices just really skyrocket. Like, fast food used to be like a cheap option. Now it's certainly not. It's— and that's— Chili's has that big campaign where they're kind of needling McDonald's because the McDonald's value menu deal is equal to the same cheeseburger, fries, and a soda, add chilies, and you can sit down and a nice waitress brings it to you and you get refills. Like, they're both $10.99. But there's a guy that found it. It's at LAX, and I confirmed it to be true using my own reporters because my son was at LAX this afternoon coming back from Utah. And I'm like, hey, while you're in the airport, do me a favor. Go to this terminal and take a photograph for me because I don't want to go on the air if it's not true. And I can't believe it. It is true. And it is the most expensive Burger King in America. So I'm catching a red-eye. Look at these prices, bro. Look at these prices. What are you talking about? What's going on? At LAX. So here's the actual total. $65. $65. $65 at the LAX Burger King. What did he buy? Talking about what's going on at LAX. So here's the actual total, $65 on 2 combos. 2 combos, 2 meals, 2. And it is, it's a, they're $26 for like a, like the Big King or the Whopper, fries and soda. $26 for the combo meal. Now I get it that things are a little more expensive at airports, but man, when I was working at Burger King, like, the most expensive meal that you could get is the largest burger, which is the Double Whopper with cheese. I— and I mean, I worked there many years, and I can count on one hand the amount of times I ever sold a Double Whopper with cheese. So huge. Nobody could eat that. Like, people would buy it almost as a gag or drunk people, but huge. Nobody, you know, it's way too much. But the double Whopper with cheese, fries and soda meal, you know, could be like $6, which then was an expensive meal. $6. That's just unbelievable. $26 for a Whopper combo. Here's the actual total. $65 on two combos. On two combos, bro. $65, bro. This is— I don't know what's going on at LAX, man. Yeah, that's an expensive, uh, so that's it. That, uh, that takes the cake. That is the most expensive fast food meal anyone's ever heard of, and it's at LAX. So if you're at LAX, hit the McDonald's or pack a lunch and eat it like that. That's more than double. I just Googled it, and in the San Diego area, the Whopper combo usually costs about anywhere from $11.99 to $15.95. Yeah, even like $15.95, the Burger King, there used to be Burger King off the 76 across from Ocean's Eleven Casino. Yeah, because it was like the closest Burger King to my house. And I don't know if you know this, but I used to work at Burger King. Maybe. Yeah, I think you might have. And so I know what to order there and I like it. It closed down. But yeah, I remember there were like Whopper combos, then they were in the teens. And this was a couple of years ago. I'm like, wow, guys, you're really pushing the envelope on some of these prices. So yeah, if it's $15 on the high end in San Diego, at LAX, I'm not surprised it's $26. Wow. $26. And there was nothing on that menu. And there is no value menu at Burger King, but there was nothing on that menu that was like under $8. Like a single double, like an individual double cheeseburger. I think it's, I can't see it because I'm like enlarging it with my thumbs here. $8.99. $8.99. For the, yeah, not a combo, not fries and a drink. I don't know, Burger King. Gonna have to come up with a loss leader. This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't miss 4th of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Forth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now, all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. If you run a business, you know how hard it is to get your customers' attention. Yet 85% of consumers say radio is the the last thing they hear before shopping. Let iHeartRadio help you reach your next customer today at iHeartAdvertising.com. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity flowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total nonstop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here! Don't miss the action of TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNARestling.com."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA. Forget whatever plans you have this weekend because you're staying at home and playing on SpinQuest! And there's never been a better time to sign up than right now. New users get $30 coin packs for just $10. All the table games you love with hundreds of slot games and real cash prizes. That's at SpinQuest.com. S-P-I-N-Q-U-E-S-T.com. SpinQuest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit SpinQuest.com for more details. If you've ever marketed a product or business, you know how much attention it takes to break through. But our nation's 250th is a rare moment that cuts through the noise. And with 77% of Americans saying it's an appropriate time to celebrate, your business has a green light to show up for our nation's big birthday party. Don't miss your chance to do it with iHeart and reach local listeners when they're ready to take action. Get started today at iHeartAdvertising.com. That's iHeartAdvertising.com. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. You got it coming! This is total nonstop action! TNA Thursday Night Impact, every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNARestling.com. Lou Penrose. On NewsRadio 600 KOGO, we are live in San Diego. Thank you for tuning in, good to have you along with us Happy Thursday. Thursday, the best day of the week. A really great day for the Trump administration at the Supreme Court. You just heard the top story there. Jack Cronin with the news. The Supreme Court ruled 6 to 3 that noncitizens who show up at the southern border do not automatically count as asylum seekers under federal law and can be turned away. That is a major immigration win. A major win, and it all started here in San Diego. The case was centered around a policy that the federal government describes as metering, in which immigration, immigration officers systematically blocked and turned away asylum seekers in 2016 at ports of entry in San Diego. Um, This is— well, let me tell you what happened, and then I'll explain to you why it is just so vital that we got this ruling. And they're calling it like a double whammy. So an organization called Al Otro Lado, which we now know means the other side, they are based out of San Diego and they advocate for illegal aliens.. And they challenged the law. Uh, and supported the would-be asylum seekers who had been blocked, and they argued that the practice amounted to illegal turnback policy. And the organization argued that such a policy violated both federal law and international treaty obligations that were agreed to after World War II. Like, this goes back to when Jewish refugees were denied safe harbor in the United States. Right. There were, there were Jewish people that were leaving Poland and Germany and went to San Antonio, Texas, and they were turned around. So there is international law that says you can't do that now. And they argue that this violates the spirit of that law. So the case came down in front of the Supreme Court to what it meant for an asylum seeker to arrive in the United States. Like, what does that mean, arrive in the United States? Because you have to be in the— you have to arrive in the United States and claim asylum to be eligible for asylum. We don't have to take you. And the Trump administration argued, well, they did not arrive in the United States. They're still in Mexico. And the argument was, well, they're at the port of entry. Well, what does that really mean? Right. You have, you have to get technical and split hairs with these illegal alien activists because they're trying every which way from Sunday to enable these. Because number one, we all know that none of them are truly seeking asylum. Let's make that perfectly clear. And I'll explain in a minute what asylum means. I work for 3 members of Congress. For 15 years. I either did immigration casework or managed immigration caseworkers for 15 years. I know very well immigration law, and none of these people qualify for asylum. But they can all ask for asylum. And how do you ask for asylum? Well, you have to ask for asylum when you're in the United States, when you arrive in the United States. And the government said, well, arrives in the United States is what the law says, and that has to be defined literally as being in the United States on U.S. soil. And being at the port of entry isn't in the United States, it's on the other side. El otro lado, uh, argued that an immigrant who arrives at a port of entry has met the legal standard even if they not technically stepped over the international boundary. And the Ninth Circuit Court upheld the federal judge's ruling and side with the illegal aliens. And this morning the Supreme Court overturned it, and now the illegal aliens are back on the other side. Look, a huge win for the Trump administration. Like, this is really important that we are able to do this. Here's the headline: the Supreme Court has delivered an immigration double whammy this morning, giving the Trump administration the green light to deport over a million immigrants, uh, that have been in the country illegally. It also vindicated the administration's effort for mass deportation campaigns that help and beat back legal challenges since the start. Of Trump's second term. This is really, really important. I have said and I maintain that of all Trump's campaign promises, the one that's going to have the largest impact on your life is the campaign promise of interior enforcement of American immigration law. That is so important in so many aspects. Yeah, I mean, if we get into domestic drilling and get out, out of our involvement of the Middle East, the gas prices will go down and that's great. That'll be great. If he lowers taxes, that'll be great. And he did. And he did do domestic drilling. And for a while, gas prices were going down. And by the way, I saw that they're like $5.33 now in Kearney Mesa. So they are going down. But none of his campaign promises will have as large of an impact on your life as a San Diegan than his promise to use existing immigration law to enforce interior enforcement of immigration law, which means deporting the illegals. So seal the border and round up all the illegals and throw them in the back of the ICE van. That, that's all we have to do. And notice that we did not have to pass a single law in Congress to do any of this. There's been no immigration law introduced into the House of Representatives. There's been efforts by Democrats to create amnesty, but, and they go nowhere. But there's been no immigration law introduced into the House of Representatives. Notice that. You know why? Every single thing Trump is doing is existing law. It's illegal to be in the United States illegally. And it is perfectly legal for the ICE van to come and round them up and throw them in the back of the van and deport them. And everybody's acting like something unique is happening. Yeah, it is unique. We're finally enforcing our own law. And Trump is doing everything by executive order and it's working. He said, okay, President Biden, you gave these Haitians temporary protection status because you honestly think that they're being prosecuted, persecuted in Haiti for being Haitian or being voodoo, which is what you'd have to be to qualify for asylum. Okay, you did that by executive order. Okay, then by executive order, I'm going to suspend their temporary protection status. Now they're illegal again, and we're going to round them up and show them the way home to Haiti, which is what happened this morning as well. The Supreme Court said yes, President Trump absolutely has the authority by executive order, just as Biden had the authority by executive order to grant temporary protection status, which means that Biden effectively paroled the deportation process, uh, and Trump has the same legal authority to suspend it and throw the 350,000 Haitians, uh, on a plane back to Haiti. And the Supreme Court said yes, he can. It's a huge decision because keep in mind it affects about 350,000 Haitians who are in the country. And the Trump administration's whole point has been, what does the T in TPS stand for, right? Temporary. They just keep extending it over and over and over. And these immigration activists and federal judges came back and said that it would be cruel to end it, that they need these protections. One of the— it's cruel to be in my country as a foreigner masquerading as someone seeking asylum. I'm not going to tolerate this cruel thing. I'm not cruel. I'm an American. I live here. You're a Haitian. You don't live here. You are pretending that you are seeking asylum. You know you don't qualify for asylum. You know that there's so many of you that there's no way we couldn't have enough asylum judges, immigration judges to hear your case. So you're just going to get to be here for pretty much forever. And you're a lousy liar. I have no tolerance for foreigners masquerading as Americans in my neighborhood. None. So it's not cruel. The foreigners are cruel. Not going to allow it, not going to stand for it. Came back and said that it would be cruel to end it, that they need these protections. One of the federal judges even accused Kristi Noem of being racist for wanting to overturn these protections. So, yeah, racist. What race is Haitian? Unbelievable. Well, a great day for Trump. And I think days like today and decisions like these And victory laps like the one he's about to take over these Supreme Court decisions is the way to hold the House in the upcoming midterm election. 9 days until the 4th of July, 23 until the All-Star Game, 79 until the kickoff of the NFL. We are 520 days into the Trump presidency. That gives us 959 more days of liberal tears. All right. When we come back, another Supreme Court decision today affirming gun rights of people that carry guns. I'll tell you all about it coming up next. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO, live on the iHeartRadio app. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO. Thanks for tuning in. Happy Thursday. Thursday, the best day of the week. Hey, Lou, Stephen Claremont. Since we're talking immigration, I would like to know what your opinion is on what you think the Supreme Court is going to do with the birthright citizenship that has to be coming up here any day now. I'm pretty interested in that. I believe you're very interested in that. Curious what your opinion is and what your thoughts are. Have a great day, Lou. I can't wait for that decision to come out. I really can't. Partially because it'll put to rest the discussion. I'm happy to live with the Supreme Court opinion. I hope it's a strong opinion one way or the other, and then we'll just deal with the consequences. I fully believe that that amendment was for the children that were born of the slaves that were in the United States. It is right between 2 other constitutional amendments that dealt specifically with slavery. Clearly, that's what they meant. They were not talking about an illegal alien from Guatemala in 2026. They were talking about what do we do with these people now? They're free, but what are they? Okay, let's make them citizens. Okay. And, you know, right. Let's— I mean, Obviously, that's what it's about. Now, illegal aliens in the 21st century have exploited an 1860s, you know, constitutional amendment to pretend that it applies to them. And you can do that if— since the language was unclear in the amendment, And really, nobody really expected a bunch of illegals coming into the United States back then. I mean, who knew we had such inhospitable neighbors? They would just come into our country and steal our public social services and lie. But you didn't know back then. And so, so unfortunately for the Constitution, words matter there too. And if the Constitution is unclear about it and an illegal alien from Honduras comes into my country and has a baby, And now that baby technically qualifies for citizenship based on that amendment, then I'm stuck. So we either have to amend the Constitution or deal with it. So we'll see. I'm right now, I put the chances at 50/50 that the Supreme Court sides with me and says this was about the children of slaves. This is not about an illegal alien in the country illegally. Because an illegal alien, in my legal opinion, I'm not a lawyer, but I've studied enough of this and listened to enough constitutional scholars to come to the conclusion that an illegal alien is not subject to our jurisdiction. A slave is subject to our jurisdiction, or freed slave. But an illegal alien is not subject to our jurisdiction because an illegal alien can go home. Without our permission. So they're not subject to our jurisdiction in legal terms. That's the argument I would make. So I will see. Yeah, I think it's gonna happen this week. I'm very excited about it. I can't wait to see what happens. I think if the Supreme Court sides with me and says all these anchor babies belong in Mexico, in Brazil, in Guatemala, in Honduras, They're not U.S. citizens. I think Democrats are going to lose their mind. And I'm so looking forward to that. That's going to be a great day. No, I'll take it one step further. And this got one friend of mine disbarred in the state of California, and it'll probably get me fined by the FCC. But I'm going to say it anyway. I am of the opinion that Kamala Harris is not eligible to be president. Do you know why? Now you tell me if this is just, you know, conspiracy theory, crazy talk, or if this is thoughtful constitutional analysis. Kamala Harris's mother was not a US citizen. She was an Indian on a student visa studying in the United States. Kamala Harris's father was not an American. He was a Jamaican national on a student visa studying in the United States. Now, when you're on a student visa, I think the expectation is you're going to come and study and then you're going to go home, right? I mean, that, that's like— they were not in the process of applying for green card status. There was no evidence that they had any interest in becoming Americans. Those two individuals fell in love and had Kamala. So she belongs to India or Jamaica, but not America. She belongs to her parents. But she was born on U.S. soil, so she believes that she's an American citizen eligible for the presidency. And I think she's not, just based on those, on those realities. And I also think that since the father's student visa expired before she was born, he was an illegal alien. So all the more reason that she is, uh, uh, at best an anchor baby. But certainly not eligible to be president. And there was a law professor up at Chapman University that made that very thoughtful constitutional argument. And the people got crazy. The haters just hated on him. And they said, that's hate talk, that's hateful. And they got him kicked off the campus. He was dean of the law school. He can't be the dean of the law school anymore. And then the California Bar Association took away his ability to practice law. For uttering such a thing. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600, KOGO giveaway time. I have a pair of tickets to see Brit Floyd at the Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theater, Saturday, July 11th. Tickets and ticket information go to ticketmaster.com. But seeing a Pink Floyd cover band, an award-winning and acclaimed Pink Floyd cover band. Pink Floyd, not easy to play. That's some complicated guitar work. There's a whole lot going on there, and you gotta do it right because Floyd fans know every note. And to experience it in an open-air theater right here in San Diego, what a night! Good for you if you win. 800-600-COGO. 800-600-5646. Caller number 6 picks up the tickets. Good luck. Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600-COGO. You heard there, Jack Cronin, the Supreme Court did indeed weigh in on the Hawaii gun law. This is very weird, very strange. This is belligerent to people's Second Amendment rights. Like, there's the Second Amendment and then there is the concealed carry thing. And there's a process. You do have the right to carry a weapon on you and conceal it. Not everybody wants to or needs to.. But even in California, you can get a concealed carry permit, but you got to go do— you have to jump through a lot of hoops. You got to demonstrate and all that stuff. So people that have done this, these are very responsible and safe gun owners. And Hawaii is just belligerent to people's Second Amendment rights. And they said, okay, well, we can't stop you from concealed carry. But what we can do is prohibit you from carrying on in public spaces that are privately owned without the express written consent of the owner. So think about that. So you're a concealed carry person, you're loaded, you're strapped, and You go into a gas station and you can't take your gun in there with you because you don't have the express written consent of the gas station owner or a restaurant or store or a mall. So of course this begged to be heard at the Supreme Court and it was. Hawaii statute requiring concealed carry license holders get expressed approval before bringing a firearm into public spaces like a store or a hotel. Is a violation of the Constitution's Second Amendment, the Supreme Court rules. All right. So this is great. I mean, I like these cases. I don't mind the Supreme Court at all. I think they tend to get it right. And even when they are tilted liberal or tilted conservative, every once in a while you get surprised. There are some court cases that I think even surprise Donald Trump where they rule against him. And then there are some times when it's a liberal-leaning Supreme Court back in the early days, And they sided with Reagan. And it's like, wow, these are legal scholars. They're not often politically motivated. Now, the 3 dissenting people on the Supreme Court all day today, they looked very political to me. They didn't seem very legal. But by and large, I think they get it right. And I like that it is the final say. So if we— if it gets to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court hears it, then we accept what they said and we adjust, adapt, and modify. I felt that way about Roe v. Wade. I feel that way about birthright citizenship. And I like that they're opining on this one because the efforts by Democrats to restrict your Second Amendment rights never stop. First, they make it so you can't buy the gun you want and start saying things like— they make up words like an assault weapon. There's no such thing as an assault weapon. You can assault anybody with any weapon. You can assault somebody without a weapon, but they make it sound like it's a thing and you can't have one when you absolutely have the right to have any weapon you want with some restrictions. I believe you ought to be able to have any weapon you want. It's the, the first, the, uh, the right to bear arms. What's an arm? An arm is what it was when they wrote the Second Amendment, and it is what it is today. The Constitution's a living document. So they, they're constantly trying to get you to not have the gun you want, and then they're trying to confiscate your gun at all times. Now they're like, okay, we can't win. People have the— it's a handgun now, so it's not an assault weapon. People have— this guy wants to— he has the right to carry the weapon. So how do we make his life difficult? Well, you need to go and get the permission of the gas station owner. You need to go and get permission of the hotelier before you take that weapon into there, uh, because that's private property, uh, under the state law in Hawaii. Like, that's the length that they went to. That's the amount of twists and turns that the gun haters and the Second Amendment haters went— that's the lengths they go to. To stop your right to keep and bear arms. Justice Samuel Alito, writing for a 6-3 conservative majority, says the law severely restricts the daily activities of individuals who already satisfied the state's rigorous requirements for a concealed carry permit. The state argued the statute balanced gun rights and property rights. In Washington, Jared Halpern, Fox News. Yeah, I like that. I do like it. And it's driving Democrats crazy. Governor Gavin Newsom tweeted out about it today, said that people will be less safe. And I'm thinking, how do you make that argument, right? Somebody that is licensed to carry a firearm has far more training than the rest of us that are civilian. I mean, but like the level of training that cops get. So you are safer around that guy in the gas station in Hawaii. That's the guy you want to stand next to. And like, and Karen Bass, like, tweeted out something about going into stores. And I'm thinking, are you kidding? You— have you ever gone to a gas station in downtown Los Angeles? Trust me, you want that guy. He's on your side. But it's Trump Derangement Syndrome. It's just more Trump Derangement Syndrome. I told you there are people around the reflecting pool that are rooting for the algae. We played this earlier. These are people that are— and now we know that the National Park Service confirmed that somebody sabotaged the pool. They cut it with a razor blade, the lining. So they— so probably the algae is a result of sabotage as well. Just vandalism. But rather than wanting the pool to look nice, rather than, you know, saying, look, President Trump is actually in charge of the federal city and he's very big on fountains working and grounds being kept and things being clean. And so what's the problem with power washing the fountain at Columbus Circle? What's the problem with having the reflecting pool actually reflect the Washington Monument. Why is clean annoying to Democrats? And it's because Trump is doing it. Here are people in D.C. rooting for the algae. Let's go, algae! Let's go! Let's go, algae! Let's go! Let's go, algae! Let's go! Woo! Yeah, algae! Right. They want the algae. They don't want it clean. They don't want it American flag blue. These people are sick in the head. I have said this and I maintain Democrats do not have a political problem. They have a maturity problem. And you just heard it, by the way. Democrat Senator John Fetterman, whose rumors are that he is considering switching parties and becoming a Republican. But he said, yeah, there's a lot of immaturity out there and people just have to get a life. He was asked by TMZ in D.C., what do you make of this criticism of the big fight that Trump had a couple of Sundays ago? And he said, people just need to get over it. Larry David right now is going viral because he said that the UFC event at the White House made him embarrassed to be an American. To that, you say what? I'd say lighten up, Francis. You know, really kind of. And really kind of get over himself. By the way, did you catch that, Mr. Finnerty? Lighten up, Francis. That's great. I got it. The reporter clearly didn't get it. An American. To that, you say what? I'd say lighten up, Francis. You know, really kind of Francis and really kind of get over himself. You know, like, hey, I'm proud to be American. And if you are embarrassed or whatever because of a UFC thing, get over yourself, dude. Wait, what do you mean, Francis? Water has absolutely no idea what lighting up Francis means. I love it that, uh, John Fetterman is doing like the Lou Penrose thing where you just, uh, basically filter all the day's events through movie lines from the '70s, '80s, and '90s. Stripes was really— yeah, Stripes was released 45 years ago today, 26 June 1981. Lighting up Francis, how great is that? I wonder how many of the listeners know this. July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't-miss Fourth of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Fourth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at america250.org/LA. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live Blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. If you run a business, consider this: 77% of Americans say our nation's 250th birthday is an appropriate time to celebrate. That gives you the green light to advertise. Let iHeart help you advertise around America 250. Call 844-844-IHEART today to get started. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity blowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total nonstop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here. Don't miss the action A special edition of TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit tnawrestling.com. Fetterman meant Lou Penrose on NewsRadio 600 KOGO. Well, it's official, there is a most expensive Burger King in America, and it is in California. There's a guy that does these on, uh, TikTok, and it's always interesting to me. Goes around to like different cities and tries to find the cheapest and the most expensive. It's always kind of fun because we're all watching these fast food prices just really skyrocket. Like, fast food used to be like a cheap option. Now it's certainly not. It's— and that's— Chili's has that big campaign where they're kind of needling McDonald's because the McDonald's value menu deal is equal to the same cheeseburger, fries, and a soda, add chilies, and you can sit down and a nice waitress brings it to you and you get refills. Like, they're both $10.99. But there's a guy that found it. It's at LAX, and I confirmed it to be true using my own reporters because my son was at LAX this afternoon coming back from Utah. And I'm like, hey, while you're in the airport, do me a favor. Go to this terminal and take a photograph for me because I don't want to go on the air if it's not true. And I can't believe it. It is true. And it is the most expensive Burger King in America. So I'm catching a red-eye. Look at these prices, bro. Look at these prices. What are you talking about? What's going on? At LAX. So here's the actual total. $65. $65. $65 at the LAX Burger King. What did he buy? Talking about what's going on at LAX. So here's the actual total, $65 on 2 combos. 2 combos, 2 meals, 2. And it is, it's a, they're $26 for like a, like the Big King or the Whopper, fries and soda. $26 for the combo meal. Now I get it that things are a little more expensive at airports, but man, when I was working at Burger King, like, the most expensive meal that you could get is the largest burger, which is the Double Whopper with cheese. I— and I mean, I worked there many years, and I can count on one hand the amount of times I ever sold a Double Whopper with cheese. So huge. Nobody could eat that. Like, people would buy it almost as a gag or drunk people, but huge. Nobody, you know, it's way too much. But the double Whopper with cheese, fries and soda meal, you know, could be like $6, which then was an expensive meal. $6. That's just unbelievable. $26 for a Whopper combo. Here's the actual total. $65 on two combos. On two combos, bro. $65, bro. This is— I don't know what's going on at LAX, man. Yeah, that's an expensive, uh, so that's it. That, uh, that takes the cake. That is the most expensive fast food meal anyone's ever heard of, and it's at LAX. So if you're at LAX, hit the McDonald's or pack a lunch and eat it like that. That's more than double. I just Googled it, and in the San Diego area, the Whopper combo usually costs about anywhere from $11.99 to $15.95. Yeah, even like $15.95, the Burger King, there used to be Burger King off the 76 across from Ocean's Eleven Casino. Yeah, because it was like the closest Burger King to my house. And I don't know if you know this, but I used to work at Burger King. Maybe. Yeah, I think you might have. And so I know what to order there and I like it. It closed down. But yeah, I remember there were like Whopper combos, then they were in the teens. And this was a couple of years ago. I'm like, wow, guys, you're really pushing the envelope on some of these prices. So yeah, if it's $15 on the high end in San Diego, at LAX, I'm not surprised it's $26. Wow. $26. And there was nothing on that menu. And there is no value menu at Burger King, but there was nothing on that menu that was like under $8. Like a single double, like an individual double cheeseburger. I think it's, I can't see it because I'm like enlarging it with my thumbs here. $8.99. $8.99. For the, yeah, not a combo, not fries and a drink. I don't know, Burger King. Gonna have to come up with a loss leader. This July 4th, come celebrate at America's Block Party hosted by America 250. America's Block Party is a can't miss 4th of July concert happening at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Experience music performances by major artists, patriotic tributes, and the kickoff to Giving Forth, helping to make July 4th the largest day of giving in American history. It's more than just fireworks. Join this landmark celebration and get your America's Block Party tickets now for $17.76 at America250.org/LA. Hey everybody, Lady Luck here, and we're celebrating America's 250th birthday. Now, all summer long, I'm going to be celebrating by playing on spinquest.com, which is an American-owned social casino. It obviously features over 1,000 slot games and live blackjack, live craps, live bubble craps. Head on over to spinquest.com, get yourself a $30 coin pack for just $10. Spin Quest is a free-to-play social casino. Void where prohibited. Visit spinquest.com for more details. If you run a business, you know how hard it is to get your customers' attention. Yet 85% of consumers say radio is the the last thing they hear before shopping. Let iHeartRadio help you reach your next customer today at iHeartAdvertising.com. Professional wrestling fans, the action continues every week. Watch TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. It is like electricity flowing through your veins. Don't miss the adrenaline, the drama, and the total nonstop action. No one can ever be as good as this right here! Don't miss the action of TNA Thursday Night Impact every week on AMC. For showtimes and more information, visit TNARestling.com.
