# Spencer Pratt Announces FEDERAL INVESTIGATION Into Mass-Homeless Voter Fraud in LA | They Got CAUGHT

**Show:** Benny Johnson
**Date Published:** 2026-06-27
**Date Found:** 2026-06-27
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HY98MGdUEE
**Search Target:** Spencer Pratt (guest)
**Duration:** 10 minutes

## Summary

This 10-minute episode of Benny Johnson mentions Spencer Pratt.

**Sentiment:** neutral
**Sentiment Detail:** Automated analysis — sentiment could not be determined without Claude API.

**Topics:** Spencer Pratt, Benny Johnson

## Key Moment

> "It's our professional obligation to be right on this channel as much as possible. And we were right 8 months ago when we went and exposed a place called the Weingart Center, which is one of these homeless industrial complexes that actually builds homeless skyscrapers in downtown LA. We said this was corrupt as hell, fraudulent, and being funded by your federal tax dollars with hundreds of millions of dollars of grants from the Trump administration. Somebody needs to do something about about it. Here's just one example. Here's the reason. Let's go. Welcome to the Weingart Center, a nonprofit that takes hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars from the people of California and delivers homeless skyscrapers at a cost of $800,000 per unit, including lavish amenities like gyms, cafes, dog parks, city views, and art studios. Homeless in California live better than you do. The Weingart Center is at the heart of a federal investigation into fraud over payment on properties for homeless shelters. A real estate developer bought a former senior facility for $11 million using a fraudulent loan, and then they sold it to the Weingart Center for $27 million the same week. That's a $16 million profit, leading to their CEO and real estate director to be placed on leave. The absolute hellscape that is downtown Los Angeles. Ladies and gentlemen, we covered again and again and again so many different frauds that were being perpetrated and you were paying for them. Here's one that we highlighted there in that video. So they bought a senior citizen home, this Weingart Center, and they, they bought it for something like, what was it? Yeah, $17 million. Uh, and then they flipped it. So they bought it for $27 million., and then they flipped it to the Weingart Center for $60 million in public funds. That's public money. So then somebody ends up making tens of millions of dollars on this deal. This is just like one example of how they're using public funds in order to enrich themselves. It's been, uh, well documented. Of course, Karen Bass, who's fighting for her life politically in Los Angeles, is behind all of it. As is, well, the Trump administration. And what I mean by that is that the Department of Housing and Urban Development still fund the Weingart Center and spend hundreds of millions of dollars doing so. Fiscal year April 2024, $101 million in total revenue were from federal grants and contributions. Uh, Whoa. I mean, that's— I mean, for what exactly? Well, in order to rig elections, right? In order to bring as many homeless into downtown LA as possible so that they can register them to vote, so that they can manipulate and use those votes, as we have well documented, pay for those votes. And now Spencer Pratt up over the top saying we were right about the Weingart Center. Big update. As we discussed in this video, the largest homeless NGO in LA, the Weingart Center, is under federal investigation. And the court just rejected all of their attempts to dismiss the fraud and waste claims regarding the shady property in Chevoit Hills. What happened? Karen Bass and Nikki Rahman laundered your tax dollars through the Weingart NGO to pay 2 times the cost for a homeless project from a scammer middleman who made $16 million on the flip for dubious homeless project while evicting the seniors who live there. Uh, big hat tip Spencer Pratt over the top saying, yeah, good that the feds are investigating the Weingart Center, who again builds homeless skyscrapers in downtown Skid Row. Why is Skid Row so bad? Because they want as many homeless people there as possible. And a reminder that that is exactly where Nikki Raimond got the vast majority of her votes. That's what's been proven time and time again with interviews. Now the FBI has descended on Skid Row in a massive voter fraud probe. They're looking and interviewing homeless in order to figure out exactly what this operation is. And they've already gotten some pleas out of it. California woman has pled guilty, federally charged with paying individuals, including homeless people on LA's Skid Row, to register to vote. So these are false registrations to undermine American faith in elections. There are dozens of videos of homeless people saying, yeah, I was paid for my vote. I was bidding $2, $5, $3 a pack of cigarettes. I was— this is how, this is how I— this is how we operate down here. The purpose of having the rules in California and so many people that are homeless in California is so that they can manipulate 100,000 votes anytime they need to. There's 100,000 homeless people on the streets of LA at any time. Ballot harvesting is legal. In California, there's no signature verification. I mean, it's humiliating. The verifications that they have, you can register to vote from anywhere. So now the FBI is descended upon Skid Row. You can see here, FBI actually hitting Skid Row and doing interviews with the very sad homeless goblins that wander the streets like zombies there. FBI agents descend on Skid Row. James O'Keefe saying, good, James O'Keefe captured on camera that these people were being paid for their votes. There are no coincidences. God bless Secretary Turner. So here's Spencer Pratt, and this is the man who's in charge of Housing and Urban Development. He has now finally taken the leap to say that HUD is going to suspend all the fraud-filled homeless housing for Los Angeles. We're not going to allow taxpayer dollars to fuel the homeless industrial complex. They're a threat to the public. He goes through and says that they pay for empty hotel rooms, they failed to deliver all their records, they don't comply with the auditor, they pay for other government-funded contracts. So it's just a complete nasty rat's nest and witch's kitchen, and it's just a nightmare. The CEO resigned violating federal conflict of interest. So good. I mean, but this is how you, at the very least, begin to start to wrap up this operation. I'm very familiar with the Weingart in Skid Row. They should have be 1,000% under federal investigation. The past 4 months, there have been 3 suicides, bodies rotting, violence, jail-like conditions, locking residents out when they are in need, et cetera. The Weingart homeless skyscrapers should be, frankly, bulldozed into the ground. Special Pratt is going to take them all down, put this guy in the U.S. Senate. James O'Keefe's Los Angeles investigation right here, doing God's work. Gavin Newsom approves NGOs hundreds of millions of dollars. They go out and register skyrocketing homeless population to vote. They provide the addresses, uh, they provide the addresses so they can be easily ballot harvested by Democrats. James O'Keefe shows up and then just captures all of it on hidden camera. The Weingarten Center has gotten hundreds of millions from Gavin Newsom. They register homeless people to vote. The NGO is providing the homeless with an address. That's the system. That's the, that's the operational system. Incredible. Incredible. This happened to us as well. Well, I mean, we hate to have been so professionally right about this. Spencer Pratt, also professionally right. I'll leave you with Spencer Pratt's question. How do we fix LA when we don't have the money? You have the money. It's just all being stolen. Here's Spencer."
> — Speaker A at 00:00
> *Spencer Pratt was discussed in this episode*

## Key Quotes

- [00:00] Speaker A: "It's our professional obligation to be right on this channel as much as possible. And we were right 8 months ago when we went and exposed a place called the Weingart Center, which is one of these homeless industrial complexes that actually builds homeless skyscrapers in downtown LA. We said this was corrupt as hell, fraudulent, and being funded by your federal tax dollars with hundreds of millions of dollars of grants from the Trump administration. Somebody needs to do something about about it. Here's just one example. Here's the reason. Let's go. Welcome to the Weingart Center, a nonprofit that takes hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars from the people of California and delivers homeless skyscrapers at a cost of $800,000 per unit, including lavish amenities like gyms, cafes, dog parks, city views, and art studios. Homeless in California live better than you do. The Weingart Center is at the heart of a federal investigation into fraud over payment on properties for homeless shelters. A real estate developer bought a former senior facility for $11 million using a fraudulent loan, and then they sold it to the Weingart Center for $27 million the same week. That's a $16 million profit, leading to their CEO and real estate director to be placed on leave. The absolute hellscape that is downtown Los Angeles. Ladies and gentlemen, we covered again and again and again so many different frauds that were being perpetrated and you were paying for them. Here's one that we highlighted there in that video. So they bought a senior citizen home, this Weingart Center, and they, they bought it for something like, what was it? Yeah, $17 million. Uh, and then they flipped it. So they bought it for $27 million., and then they flipped it to the Weingart Center for $60 million in public funds. That's public money. So then somebody ends up making tens of millions of dollars on this deal. This is just like one example of how they're using public funds in order to enrich themselves. It's been, uh, well documented. Of course, Karen Bass, who's fighting for her life politically in Los Angeles, is behind all of it. As is, well, the Trump administration. And what I mean by that is that the Department of Housing and Urban Development still fund the Weingart Center and spend hundreds of millions of dollars doing so. Fiscal year April 2024, $101 million in total revenue were from federal grants and contributions. Uh, Whoa. I mean, that's— I mean, for what exactly? Well, in order to rig elections, right? In order to bring as many homeless into downtown LA as possible so that they can register them to vote, so that they can manipulate and use those votes, as we have well documented, pay for those votes. And now Spencer Pratt up over the top saying we were right about the Weingart Center. Big update. As we discussed in this video, the largest homeless NGO in LA, the Weingart Center, is under federal investigation. And the court just rejected all of their attempts to dismiss the fraud and waste claims regarding the shady property in Chevoit Hills. What happened? Karen Bass and Nikki Rahman laundered your tax dollars through the Weingart NGO to pay 2 times the cost for a homeless project from a scammer middleman who made $16 million on the flip for dubious homeless project while evicting the seniors who live there. Uh, big hat tip Spencer Pratt over the top saying, yeah, good that the feds are investigating the Weingart Center, who again builds homeless skyscrapers in downtown Skid Row. Why is Skid Row so bad? Because they want as many homeless people there as possible. And a reminder that that is exactly where Nikki Raimond got the vast majority of her votes. That's what's been proven time and time again with interviews. Now the FBI has descended on Skid Row in a massive voter fraud probe. They're looking and interviewing homeless in order to figure out exactly what this operation is. And they've already gotten some pleas out of it. California woman has pled guilty, federally charged with paying individuals, including homeless people on LA's Skid Row, to register to vote. So these are false registrations to undermine American faith in elections. There are dozens of videos of homeless people saying, yeah, I was paid for my vote. I was bidding $2, $5, $3 a pack of cigarettes. I was— this is how, this is how I— this is how we operate down here. The purpose of having the rules in California and so many people that are homeless in California is so that they can manipulate 100,000 votes anytime they need to. There's 100,000 homeless people on the streets of LA at any time. Ballot harvesting is legal. In California, there's no signature verification. I mean, it's humiliating. The verifications that they have, you can register to vote from anywhere. So now the FBI is descended upon Skid Row. You can see here, FBI actually hitting Skid Row and doing interviews with the very sad homeless goblins that wander the streets like zombies there. FBI agents descend on Skid Row. James O'Keefe saying, good, James O'Keefe captured on camera that these people were being paid for their votes. There are no coincidences. God bless Secretary Turner. So here's Spencer Pratt, and this is the man who's in charge of Housing and Urban Development. He has now finally taken the leap to say that HUD is going to suspend all the fraud-filled homeless housing for Los Angeles. We're not going to allow taxpayer dollars to fuel the homeless industrial complex. They're a threat to the public. He goes through and says that they pay for empty hotel rooms, they failed to deliver all their records, they don't comply with the auditor, they pay for other government-funded contracts. So it's just a complete nasty rat's nest and witch's kitchen, and it's just a nightmare. The CEO resigned violating federal conflict of interest. So good. I mean, but this is how you, at the very least, begin to start to wrap up this operation. I'm very familiar with the Weingart in Skid Row. They should have be 1,000% under federal investigation. The past 4 months, there have been 3 suicides, bodies rotting, violence, jail-like conditions, locking residents out when they are in need, et cetera. The Weingart homeless skyscrapers should be, frankly, bulldozed into the ground. Special Pratt is going to take them all down, put this guy in the U.S. Senate. James O'Keefe's Los Angeles investigation right here, doing God's work. Gavin Newsom approves NGOs hundreds of millions of dollars. They go out and register skyrocketing homeless population to vote. They provide the addresses, uh, they provide the addresses so they can be easily ballot harvested by Democrats. James O'Keefe shows up and then just captures all of it on hidden camera. The Weingarten Center has gotten hundreds of millions from Gavin Newsom. They register homeless people to vote. The NGO is providing the homeless with an address. That's the system. That's the, that's the operational system. Incredible. Incredible. This happened to us as well. Well, I mean, we hate to have been so professionally right about this. Spencer Pratt, also professionally right. I'll leave you with Spencer Pratt's question. How do we fix LA when we don't have the money? You have the money. It's just all being stolen. Here's Spencer."

## Full Transcript

[00:00] **Speaker A:** It's our professional obligation to be right on this channel as much as possible. And we were right 8 months ago when we went and exposed a place called the Weingart Center, which is one of these homeless industrial complexes that actually builds homeless skyscrapers in downtown LA. We said this was corrupt as hell, fraudulent, and being funded by your federal tax dollars with hundreds of millions of dollars of grants from the Trump administration. Somebody needs to do something about about it. Here's just one example. Here's the reason. Let's go. Welcome to the Weingart Center, a nonprofit that takes hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars from the people of California and delivers homeless skyscrapers at a cost of $800,000 per unit, including lavish amenities like gyms, cafes, dog parks, city views, and art studios. Homeless in California live better than you do. The Weingart Center is at the heart of a federal investigation into fraud over payment on properties for homeless shelters. A real estate developer bought a former senior facility for $11 million using a fraudulent loan, and then they sold it to the Weingart Center for $27 million the same week. That's a $16 million profit, leading to their CEO and real estate director to be placed on leave. The absolute hellscape that is downtown Los Angeles. Ladies and gentlemen, we covered again and again and again so many different frauds that were being perpetrated and you were paying for them. Here's one that we highlighted there in that video. So they bought a senior citizen home, this Weingart Center, and they, they bought it for something like, what was it? Yeah, $17 million. Uh, and then they flipped it. So they bought it for $27 million., and then they flipped it to the Weingart Center for $60 million in public funds. That's public money. So then somebody ends up making tens of millions of dollars on this deal. This is just like one example of how they're using public funds in order to enrich themselves. It's been, uh, well documented. Of course, Karen Bass, who's fighting for her life politically in Los Angeles, is behind all of it. As is, well, the Trump administration. And what I mean by that is that the Department of Housing and Urban Development still fund the Weingart Center and spend hundreds of millions of dollars doing so. Fiscal year April 2024, $101 million in total revenue were from federal grants and contributions. Uh, Whoa. I mean, that's— I mean, for what exactly? Well, in order to rig elections, right? In order to bring as many homeless into downtown LA as possible so that they can register them to vote, so that they can manipulate and use those votes, as we have well documented, pay for those votes. And now Spencer Pratt up over the top saying we were right about the Weingart Center. Big update. As we discussed in this video, the largest homeless NGO in LA, the Weingart Center, is under federal investigation. And the court just rejected all of their attempts to dismiss the fraud and waste claims regarding the shady property in Chevoit Hills. What happened? Karen Bass and Nikki Rahman laundered your tax dollars through the Weingart NGO to pay 2 times the cost for a homeless project from a scammer middleman who made $16 million on the flip for dubious homeless project while evicting the seniors who live there. Uh, big hat tip Spencer Pratt over the top saying, yeah, good that the feds are investigating the Weingart Center, who again builds homeless skyscrapers in downtown Skid Row. Why is Skid Row so bad? Because they want as many homeless people there as possible. And a reminder that that is exactly where Nikki Raimond got the vast majority of her votes. That's what's been proven time and time again with interviews. Now the FBI has descended on Skid Row in a massive voter fraud probe. They're looking and interviewing homeless in order to figure out exactly what this operation is. And they've already gotten some pleas out of it. California woman has pled guilty, federally charged with paying individuals, including homeless people on LA's Skid Row, to register to vote. So these are false registrations to undermine American faith in elections. There are dozens of videos of homeless people saying, yeah, I was paid for my vote. I was bidding $2, $5, $3 a pack of cigarettes. I was— this is how, this is how I— this is how we operate down here. The purpose of having the rules in California and so many people that are homeless in California is so that they can manipulate 100,000 votes anytime they need to. There's 100,000 homeless people on the streets of LA at any time. Ballot harvesting is legal. In California, there's no signature verification. I mean, it's humiliating. The verifications that they have, you can register to vote from anywhere. So now the FBI is descended upon Skid Row. You can see here, FBI actually hitting Skid Row and doing interviews with the very sad homeless goblins that wander the streets like zombies there. FBI agents descend on Skid Row. James O'Keefe saying, good, James O'Keefe captured on camera that these people were being paid for their votes. There are no coincidences. God bless Secretary Turner. So here's Spencer Pratt, and this is the man who's in charge of Housing and Urban Development. He has now finally taken the leap to say that HUD is going to suspend all the fraud-filled homeless housing for Los Angeles. We're not going to allow taxpayer dollars to fuel the homeless industrial complex. They're a threat to the public. He goes through and says that they pay for empty hotel rooms, they failed to deliver all their records, they don't comply with the auditor, they pay for other government-funded contracts. So it's just a complete nasty rat's nest and witch's kitchen, and it's just a nightmare. The CEO resigned violating federal conflict of interest. So good. I mean, but this is how you, at the very least, begin to start to wrap up this operation. I'm very familiar with the Weingart in Skid Row. They should have be 1,000% under federal investigation. The past 4 months, there have been 3 suicides, bodies rotting, violence, jail-like conditions, locking residents out when they are in need, et cetera. The Weingart homeless skyscrapers should be, frankly, bulldozed into the ground. Special Pratt is going to take them all down, put this guy in the U.S. Senate. James O'Keefe's Los Angeles investigation right here, doing God's work. Gavin Newsom approves NGOs hundreds of millions of dollars. They go out and register skyrocketing homeless population to vote. They provide the addresses, uh, they provide the addresses so they can be easily ballot harvested by Democrats. James O'Keefe shows up and then just captures all of it on hidden camera. The Weingarten Center has gotten hundreds of millions from Gavin Newsom. They register homeless people to vote. The NGO is providing the homeless with an address. That's the system. That's the, that's the operational system. Incredible. Incredible. This happened to us as well. Well, I mean, we hate to have been so professionally right about this. Spencer Pratt, also professionally right. I'll leave you with Spencer Pratt's question. How do we fix LA when we don't have the money? You have the money. It's just all being stolen. Here's Spencer.

[07:59] **Speaker B:** We have the money. It's just being stolen. People ask, how can we treat the homeless? We don't have the money. We do have the money. It's just being stolen. Karen Bass and Nithya Raman have sunk billions of dollars into the homeless problem, but it's all being wasted on dubious NGOs that increase drug use, hand out needles and crack pipes, and actually give drugs to the addicts on the streets of LA. A developer bought a property for homeless housing at $11 million. Days later, the city paid him $27.3 million. A 16 $18 million flip. No new carpets, no pool addition, just straight-up fraud.

[08:37] **Speaker C:** This is a property flip in West LA in the neighborhood of Cheviot Hills that was highlighted in a federal prosecutor criminal indictment announcement, actually. And this investor, Stephen Taylor, who purchased a property in West LA, purchased it for $11 million. He was at the same time selling it to Weingart Center for $27 million, financed by taxpayers. The appraisal used to justify the price had inaccurate information. There was inaccurate information about the ownership of the property. And we also found that Mayor Bass's office— there was some emails from the city indicating that her, her office was, um, had a big role in the selection of this property.

[09:12] **Speaker B:** And this is just one of the many projects that needs to be audited and investigated.

[09:17] **Speaker A:** A prominent homeless service provider, the Weingart Center, has been awarded over $100 million in taxpayer funds despite years of failing to comply with federal audit mandates.

[09:29] **Speaker C:** But when we ask the State Comptroller's Office, they say they don't review audits from nonprofits at all.

[09:33] **Speaker B:** We have the money, it's just being stolen. As your mayor, I will get your damn money back. I will audit every city program. Every department is going to show us all of their books. We will have forensic auditors come in and track down every last dollar. We have the money. It's just being stolen. It's like the inverse Robin Hood. Government is stealing from you and making themselves rich.

[09:58] **Speaker A:** No, no, no, no.

[09:59] **Speaker B:** Money that could go to lowering your rent, cleaning your streets, keeping you safe. You paid it. It's your tax money. It should be working for you. Prattman is coming to get it back.
